 Autos.com Car Repair Insurance  Home Auto Repair Car Repair Insurance Car Repair Insurance  Car repair insurance is a type of insurance that protects car owners from the high cost of auto repairs over a set period of time. After their initial car warranty runs out, many vehicle owners will choose to purchase car repair insurance in order to extend the coverage of their car and its parts. Just like any other type of insurance, there are varying levels of car repair insurance coverage that you can purchase. While some cover the breakdown and wear and tear of your car, other policies may only cover certain parts, such as the transmission, engine or brakes. If you're thinking of purchasing car repair insurance, read our helpful articles before you buy so that you have a better idea of how to negotiate the right coverage for you. All Articles in Car Repair Insurance Where can I find My AAA Number if I Lost it? What are the Biggest AAA Member Discounts Available? What are Some AAA Insurance Discounts Provided? What is the Most Common Case of a Car Insurance Scam? Does Auto Repair Insurance Cover 100% of Auto Body Repair Costs? Does Automotive Repair Insurance Cover Repairs that aren't from Accidents, such as Faulty Equipment? Are there any Ways to Lower the Cost of Auto Glass Crack Repair? Will Auto Insurance Pay the Full Amount of an Auto Repair Cost Estimate, or Only the Actual Price? Can Auto Insurance Pay You Instead of Paying for the Cost of Auto Repairs? Is the Cost for Teenage Drivers Higher or Lower than High Risk Drivers Insurance? Who are Some Providers of the Best Used Car Warranties Other than AAA? Is Vehicle Warranty Insurance the Same as Auto Repair Insurance? Average Auto Repair Insurance Price Based on Age How to Get Instant Auto Repair Quotes Online Do-It-Yourself Auto Repair vs. Auto Repair Insurance Advantages of AAA Warranty for Auto Repair Insurance How to Get Extended Warranties with Auto Repair Insurance Common Auto Repair Insurance Scams How to get Discount Auto Repair Insurance Does AAA offer Auto Repair Insurance? Most Reliable Auto Repair Insurance Companies What Does a Standard Auto Repair Insurance Plan Cover? Where to Find the Best Deals on Auto Repair Insurance Online How to Purchase Auto Repair Insurance Is Auto Repair Insurance Necessary for Everyone? What Most People Don't Know about Auto Repair Insurance How to get Auto Repair Insurance Quotes What is the Best Auto Repair Insurance Plan to Purchase Based on Income? Frequently Asked Questions about Auto Repair Insurance What Is the Difference Between Auto Insurance and Auto Repair Insurance? How to Get Auto Repair Insurance for the Family Advantages and Disadvantages of Auto Repair Insurance The Basics of Auto Repair Insurance  Related Articles in Car Repair Insurance Where can I find My AAA Number if I Lost it? What are the Biggest AAA Member Discounts Available? What are Some AAA Insurance Discounts Provided? What is the Most Common Case of a Car Insurance Scam? Does Auto Repair Insurance Cover 100% of Auto Body Repair Costs? Does Automotive Repair Insurance Cover Repairs that aren't from Accidents, such as Faulty Equipment? Are there any Ways to Lower the Cost of Auto Glass Crack Repair? Will Auto Insurance Pay the Full Amount of an Auto Repair Cost Estimate, or Only the Actual Price? Can Auto Insurance Pay You Instead of Paying for the Cost of Auto Repairs? Is the Cost for Teenage Drivers Higher or Lower than High Risk Drivers Insurance? Topics in Auto Repair Air Filters Auto Body Repair Shop Auto Collision Repair Auto Glass Repair Auto Paint Repair Auto Repair Services Auto Repair Shops Best Auto Repair Brake Repair Car Repair Insurance Car Repair Tools Do It Yourself Automotive Repair Do It Yourself Car Body Repair  Aftermarket Parts Auto Insurance Auto Loans Auto Repair Car Buying Car Maintenance Car Pricing Car Rentals Driving And Safety  Autos.com Affiliate Program Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Dealer Inquiries How Models are Ranked Tech Support Autos.com is an company. Copyright 2004-2010 Autos.com, Inc. About Us Search by Model Search by Class Home 