 Skip to main content  Visitor Groups  Weddings Meeting  Event Professional Convention Center Partners  Community Media Travelers Tools  Go Minneapolis Go Minneapolis is your home for exclusive experiences and deals in Minneapolis. Find all the best Minneapolis coupons here and save on attractions, restaurants and hotels in Minneapolis. » visit go.minneapolis.org for exclusive deals and experiences Search form Search  Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube Vimeo Flickr Tours | Attractions Arts | Entertainment Festivals | Fairs Museums Music | Nightlife Theaters Event Calendar Sports | Parks | Trails Shopping Food | Wine Hotels Seasonal Highlights Green Minneapolis Map | Transportation Diverse Minneapolis Family Sign Up for e-news  Visitors Packet Suggested Itineraries Event Calendar Contact Us  You are here Home » Visitor Arts | Entertainment Tweet World-class museums. Breathtaking architecture. More theater seats per capita than any U.S. city outside New York. Minneapolis has become a premier destination for arts lovers. Take in a show at the Guthrie Theater , one of the city's Tony Award-winning theaters. Discover new worlds at the The Science Museum of Minnesota . Take in the arias of Rossini at the Minnesota Opera . Or visit the Walker Art Center , hailed by Newsweek as "possibly the best contemporary art museum in the country." Minneapolis is your ticket to groundbreaking art, architecture and performing arts. Event Calendar Festival | Fairs Museums Music Theaters  List View Map View Showing 1 - 10 of 34 Pages 1 2 3 4 next › last » Featured Childrens Theatre Company Featured The Tony Award-winning Childrens Theatre Company creates extraordinary theatre experience that educate, challenge and inspire young people and their communities.  View Details Mill City Museum Featured The story of a mighty river, a young city and how one product - flour - fueled the growth of Minneapolis. Mill City Museum’s 12,000 square feet of exhibit space is packed with fun for visitors of all ages.  View Details The Science Museum of Minnesota Featured At the Science Museum of Minnesota, the science that shapes our daily lives comes to life through hands-on exhibits, larger-than-life Omnitheater films, and a world-class collection of fossils and artifacts. For more information, visit www.smm.org or call (651) 221-9444.  View Details Walker Art Center Featured One of the worlds premier contemporary art museums and outdoor sculpture gardens, the Walker Art Center features casual and fine dining, theater, cinema, dance and more.  View Details American Swedish Institute  The American Swedish Institute is a historic museum in Minneapolis founded in 1929 that offers a variety of programs designed to celebrate Swedish culture.  View Details Brave New Workshop  The Brave New Workshop has been performing original sketch comedy and improvisation longer than any other theatre in the US! Offering nightly shows, custom corporate entertainment and training, unique event spaces, and improv classes.  View Details Chanhassen Dinner Theatres  The nations largest professional dinner theatre features three separate theatres under one roof to enjoy spectacular Broadway musicals and comedies, served with delicious dinner.  View Details Guthrie Theater  Founded by Sir Tyrone Guthrie and a core of visionary business people, the theater has grown over its three decades to become one of the most respected theaters in the nation.  View Details Historic Theater Group, LLC  The Historic Theater Group offers live entertainment, ranging from top-quality Broadway shows to concerts featuring established stars and the best of new, young performers.  View Details Illusion Theater  Conveniently located in the Hennepin Theatre District in downtown Minneapolis, the Illusion Theater is celebrating 30 years of producing fresh theater, music and dance.  View Details Pages 1 2 3 4 next › last » Showing 1 - 10 of 34 Javascript is required to view this map. Check out what other travelers say about Minneapolis on TripAdvisor.  BOOK HOTELS AIRPORT OR CITY DATES » Advanced Search Select check-in date Select check-out date  © 2013 Meet Minneapolis . 250 Marquette Avenue South, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55401 USA 1.888.676.MPLS Minneapolis Convention Center .1301 Second Avenue South,Minneapolis, MN 55403 USA612.335.6000 About Us | Blog | Employment Opportunities | Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Site Map  