 Shop The Amazon Warehouse for Automotive Deals and Discounts Careful Used Car Buying Used car buying can be a terrific way to get a great vehicle at the lowest price possible. But remember that not all used cars are created equal. You will need to be a well-informed shopper to ensure you get the best deal and the best quality automobile. On the right is a picture of my most recent used car purchase a 2009 Cadillac SRX. Although purchased used it still has plenty of warranty remaining on it, 5 years 100k miles powertrain coverage to be exact. In my opinion a certified previously owned unit backed by the balance of a factory warranty should be considered and compared when shopping. Here are a few tips to help you walk away with a buyers remorse free deal. Used Car Inspections Again just my opinion but I don't think you should take the salesperson's word for anything. While it is very possible that they are honest and exude the integrity that they seem to, it is also possible that they are just looking for a sale regardless of the true condition of the automobile. Make sure that you inspect every inch of the vehicle that you are contemplating purchasing. This means looking under the hood, inspecting the trunk, looking at the interior, as well as ensuring that all systems including audio, power accessories and heat, etc work as they are supposed to. And do not forget to check the AC even on a cold winter day. If you do not feel confident in your ability to assess the value of the vehicle, bring along someone with more experience. If you don't know anyone with the skill to perform an inspection, paying for one may be money well spent! Try car inspections by the professionals from Alliance Inspection Management . Don’t necessarily sign up for an extended warranty. While these can be dramatically beneficial they can also be expensive in terms of both initial cost and cost per use. If the vehicle has a large portion of the manufacturer's warranty remaining and you do not intend to drive the vehicle far beyond that point you don't need a used car warranty . However, do not discount this option until you have decided whether you need it or not and shopped for it like other insurances. Don't buy the first model that catches your eye. Shopping around will give you access to a wider range of options and prices. You may well find the same make and model for less at another dealership. In addition, use all the tools at your disposal. This means checking online pricing, as well as that at dealerships. When used car buying do ask for a vehicle certification. This will require that you visit a brand specific dealership. For instance, a Honda dealer will have certified used Honda's but not a Volkswagen or BMW. A certification will raise the price of the car somewhat, but this is the best way to ensure you receive the most quality possible. In order for a used car to be certified, it must meet rigorous quality standards, set by the manufacturer. Failure to do so can result in some very bad things for the dealership. This is why vehicle certifications are usually performed to the letter. If you do purchase a certified pre-owned ensure that you receive a copy of the vehicle inspection checklist. All used cars undergo an inspection when they are brought onto the lot. This checklist ensures that the mechanic investigated all systems and, unless otherwise noted, they are all operational. This can give you valuable protection down the road. Save this checklist so in the event that one of the systems marked "OK" fails you can seek assisted repairs. Although it will only apply for a limited time. Do find out about financing through another lender. Using dealer financing can be convenient, but usually results in you paying far more than you should. Consider your local bank or credit union before applying with the dealerships in house finance. Often this can reduce the interest rate and help lower monthly payments. Keep in mind that this also provides one less place for the seller to hide money. However it might make it harder to negotiate the best price possible for the car. In addition this might give you additional purchasing power. Either way know exactly how much money you have to spend. Following these few simple used car buying rules will help you find the automobile that you need, at the right price. Hopefully avoiding the problems that often seem unavoidable while purchasing a used car from a dealership. Give this used cars page a bookmark or share with a friend. See Mark's ASE Certifications and Awards over at Google+ . This to do and to don't list is a part of my support information on the subject of vehicle purchasing. This next link will supply more details about the avoidable frustrations when dealing with used cars . The homepage for this automobile site is available from this next link. Learn what else is covered here as well as information on the used car veteran and master mechanic that built it. This next page takes from used car buying to automotive questions answered . Find information about used car buying on this car website and the Internet at the same time. Custom Search  Ask Mechanics Now Type your Car question here letters left Home DIY Car Repair Auto Repair Manuals DIY Auto Repair Tips Auto Scan Tools Info Car Alarm & Audio Learn Car Detailing Auto Tools & Supplies Your Car Repair Story Buying & Selling Automobiles Make Money with Cars About Auction Cars New Car Buying Tip How To Buy Used Cars About Car Leases Buy Car Online Tips Automotive Information Automotive Blog My Auto Repair Book Sitemap Website Policies Automotive News Hybrid Cars Information Increase Fuel Economy Fast Hot Cars Fun Car Games Trending Posts [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site  Contact Us Directly By Using The Comment Box located on the Auto Repair Book Page. Copyright © 2006 - 2013 Mark Gittelman LLC WWW.Auto-Facts.org Content Protected By CopyScape© 