 Home Vehicles Service Parts History Contact Us   Boehmer Automotive , your pre-owned car, truck, and SUV dealer, with a dedicated service and tire center, and parts store, located in Wauconda, IL serving Cary, Crystal Lake, and surrounding communities. Call 847-526-2424 416 West Liberty Street Wauconda, IL 60084 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Classic Car Appraisals Boehmer Automotive offers insurance evaluations for Classic Cars, Muscle Cars, Antique Cars, Exotic Cars, Street Rods, Special Interest Vehicles, and Motorcycles. More Info  Certified Technicians We have the latest technology to service all makes and models – We honor most extended warranty plans. More Info  Michelin Tires We carry high quality Michelin tires. Ask us which tires would be best for your vehicle. More Info  Customer Testimonials Dependable, reliable, willing to go above and beyond, community service--those are the words I think of when I hear the name Boehmer. My husband was a Scoutmaster for over 20 years. Several times, when our Suburban decided to give up just before a camp out, Boehmers always managed to get it back on the road in time. We have purchased a number of cars in the past 50 years from Boehmer and have never been disappointed. Carol and Bill Parmer Click here for more testimonials More Info Used Cars Lake County If you are ready to buy a car and are looking at used cars in Lake County IL or McHenry County, Boehmer Automotive is your used car dealer that has been providing high quality used cars to the Wauconda area for over 97 years. As a used car auto dealers, we will offer you personal service when you are making the decision to buy a used car or to buy a new car. More Info   Used Trucks Lake County Looking for the best quality used trucks or new trucks? If you are ready to buy or sell a truck, come to Boehmer Automotive for the best pricing on used trucks. We will provide your with the necessary truck information and best pricing for used trucks for sale in Lake County or McHenry County. The Boehmer family has been selling used trucks for over 97 years and is a name you can trust. More Info   Used SUVs Lake County Take the risk out of purchasing a used car, truck van or SUV. Every Certified Used Vehicle carries the balance of new vehicle coverage up to 48 months or 48,000 miles from the original in-service date (minimum of 12 months or 12,000 miles on any Certified vehicle). Please ask us for complete details. More Info  Used Cars Lake County IL | Used Cars McHenry County | Used Trucks Lake County IL | Used Trucks McHenry County | Certified Auto Repair Wauconda | Certified Auto Repair | Car Service Wauconda | Auto Repair Coupons | GM Vehicle Repair | Used Car Financing | Used Car Warranty | Used Car Accessories | Certified Used Cars | Michelin Tires | Automotive Parts  Boehmer Automotive 416 W. Liberty Street, Wauconda, IL 60084 847-526-2424 Home Vehicles Service Parts History Contact Us  