 Car Buying Car Repair Car Parts Carculature Top Fives Auto Loans WheelScene  »  Car Repair  »  Auto Repair Tips Auto Repair Tips Top 10 tips for getting the best auto repair service Auto repair can be a frustrating, grueling, time-consuming and expensive experience. Worries about scams and frauds can leave you questioning the authenticity of your mechanic. Well no need to worry - here are 10 tips for getting the best deal on your auto repairs: Keep a thorough maintenance record. Keep track of all the repairs and maintenance done to your vehicle and bring this record to the mechanic. The record can be used to correctly diagnose the problem and prevent unnecessary repairs that waste money. Advertiser Links for auto repair [ what's this? ] Auto Repair Find Service Coupons  Rebates: Save On Tires, Oil Changes  More! www.lincolnservicespecials.com Big Car Repair? GE Capital Retail Bank CC1 Card. 6 Mo Special Financing. Apply Now gogecapital.com/cc1 Auto Mechanic School Jumpstart Your Auto Tech Career at UTI - Charlotte. Visit  Enroll Now www.UTI.edu Become familiar with your owner's manual. Think of it as your car's bible. It provides accurate information about your vehicle to help you identify problems and outlines scheduled maintenance - it may help you avoid that trip to the mechanic in the first place. Only receive services from an A.S.E. certified mechanic. Mechanics with A.S.E. (Automotive Service Excellence) certification are among the top automotive practitioners in the industry. They have passed a written examination and have at least two years of work experience under their belts. The corner garage vs. the dealership. Dealership mechanics are industry specialists. They have been trained by the manufacturer and are experts on your make of vehicle. However, getting repairs done at the dealership is usually the most expensive option. The mechanics at your local garage typically charge less for the same repairs. Just make sure that they are certified and qualified, and you shouldn't have any problems. Pay attention to the make of your vehicle. Choose a mechanic that is trained or has had plenty of experience working on your make of vehicle. They will be familiar with the characteristics of your specific manufacturer, which can save you money on repairs. Ask about parts pricing and labor rates . Before you hand over your keys to the mechanic, inquire about their labor rates and parts pricing. Many labor costs are determined by the estimated repair times set by the manufacturer. If they charge too much for parts, it may help to buy the parts from an outside source and just have the mechanic do the installation. Request original equipment manufacturer (OEM) parts. Ask for OEM parts rather than generic components. OEM parts may cost more up front, but they are higher quality and will make a big difference down the road. They are important for achieving optimal vehicle performance. Provide a detailed description to your mechanic. A detailed and accurate description of the troubling symptoms of your vehicle can help your mechanic diagnose the problem. Write down the symptoms and take them to the mechanic. Get him to drive with you if that would help identify the problem. Ask many questions. You're paying for the repairs, so you have the right to ask as many questions as you like. Don't be intimidated - take an active role in the repair to learn about your vehicle. After the repair, the mechanic should provide a detailed description of what was done to your car and return any old parts, if you request them. Get a second opinion. If you're worried about getting scammed, then have another mechanic look at your car. Chances are, most mechanics will charge about the same amount for the repair. If one is unusually higher then that should set off your warning bells. If you don't feel comfortable with one mechanic, don't hesitate to take your vehicle to a different shop.  Add your comments: Enter the code (case sensitive) Read Comments Alternators Auto Body Repair Auto Detailing Auto Repair Auto Repair Tips Auto Storage Brake Pads Car Maintenance for Women Car Windshields Classic Car Repair eBay Car Parts Engine Maintenance Floor Jacks Motorcycle Engines Motorcycle Repair Napa Auto Parts New Car Repair Paintless Dent Repair Rust Windshield Repair Copyright  2013 | About Us | Contact Us | Link to Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Resources | Sitemap 