  Performers For Every Occasion (206) 547-0990 Home Page Featured Performers Entertainment Types What Our Customers Say Contact Us Hawaiian Dancers  Music Dance Bands Mariachi Bands Karaoke Hosts Solomon Arts and Entertainment Solomon Arts and Entertainment was founded in 1984 by Mark Solomon as an entertainment agency focusing on private party entertainment. Since its beginning we have booked well over 7,000 jobs for a multitude of clients. Doing for Others Over the past 19 years Solomon Arts and Entertainment has worked with event planners like Convention Services NW, Columbia Resources Group, and Event Resources -- providing everything from a cappella vocal groups to zydeco bands. Our corporate clients (including Microsoft and Boeing) call us for annual Christmas parties and summer picnics as well a special events like retirement parties and award banquets. Everett Golf and Country Club, Fairwood Golf and Country Club, and the Women's University Club are among the many social clubs that hire their entertainment through us. We also cater to individuals who hire our performers for weddings, bar mitzvahs, wedding anniversary parties, and more. Our distinguished clientele includes Bill Gates and Howard Schultz. What We Can Do For You First and foremost, Solomon Arts and Entertainment can offer you our experience and expertise. We have been working with leading performers in the Pacific Northwest for years. Having a luau? We know which hula dancers and Hawaiian musicians will fit the bill. Need ideas for an interactive performer? We can give you a dozen. How about a pianist? We work with over 70 of them. A comedian? We know who's funny, who's clean, and who's naughty and mean. Above all, Solomon Arts and Entertainment will listen to you. We find out what you need, what you want to spend, and we provide you with whatever information you need to feel comfortable about your decision. We can send you information or meet with you in our office. Solomon Arts and Entertainment is here to help you!! Solomon Arts and Entertainment can help you find the right entertainment for your event. We're associated with and can recommend the top Seattle wedding bands , Seattle Mariachi Bands and Music , Seattle DJs , Seattle Karaoke Hosts , Seattle jugglers, Seattle Hawaiian Dancers  Music , Seattle comedians, Seattle Dancers and other Seattle party entertainment for your wedding, corporate event, bar mitzvah, or private event. Contact us today. Email:  Copyright 2010, Solomon Arts and Entertainment. This page last updated: Sunday May 30, 2010 Site design by RainPlanet Visit Mark's Seattle Cheese Making Classes Web Site 