 Blog Automotive Culture Lifestyle Video Feed Event Coverage Upcoming Events Who We Are Get In Touch Shop Automotive Culture WhiteGirl Posted by Matt Gaumont on August 23, 2013 Posted in: Automotive Culture . Leave a Comment I see alot of people building cars to please other people and to gain fame. In doing so, those people cut corners and produce lame, overdone builds just to get a share on Instagram. I cant say the same about Kevin. Hes a quiet guy who built this Golf R for himself. No crazy over the top paint or wrap, no extravagant interior to impress the judges. Just a clean car, perfectly accented for a classy while agressive look. Check Kevins Instagram out for more of his car! @dublife42 Continue Reading Bermuda Boxer: Justin Lepages 05STI Posted by Viccheat Sim on August 10, 2013 Posted in: Automotive Culture . Leave a Comment Justin Lepages 2005 STI is unmistakably one of THE CLEANEST Subarus we have ever seen on our eastern coast. Right at first glance, the cars multiple metallic hues at different angles is simply insane. He calls the color of the car Bermuda Blue; we just call it sex. The car isnt your usual clean just because its new and stanced, but tastefully modified for all around performance while still being classy. The photos will show you what we mean when we said clean.. Continue Reading Undeniable: Amrit Singhs FlawlessTSX Posted by Matt Gaumont on July 26, 2013 Posted in: Automotive Culture . 1 comment New York is one of those places that the world looks to as a leader in current trends. If its fresh, you better believe its in the Big Apple. The same goes for the car scene. New York is home to some of the sickest trend setter, bar raising automotive builds in the world. But not every successful head turner has to be a trailer queen. Take Amrits (@cmejatt)  TSX; Its a perfect example of simplicity that can still raise eyebrows. From the flawless paint to subtle yet aggressive A-Spec kit, Amrit has done a great job at keeping this car realistic and clean. BEASTCOAST is proud to have this Undeniable TSX as our first feature from New York and excited to work more with Nick Penna (@nicky_pesos)  and One Ton Photography to bring you guys more content from the city that never sleeps! Continue Reading The Little K that Could: Abelitos SuperchargedSI Posted by huntkelley on July 19, 2013 Posted in: Automotive Culture . 2 comments Words  Photo: Hunter Kelley The very first thing that draws your eye to this car would have to be the beautiful BBS LMs. Abels Fiji Blue Pearl paint and white/polish wheels bring together a combination that really makes this car pop. Apart from turning heads, much more lies beneath this hood than what you see in your average Civic. His K20Z3 is paired to a CT Engineering Super Charger, creating a modest but meaty 285WHP. Abel wanted the best of both worlds with this build: looks that kill  speed to match, which is exactly what he accomplished. He couldnt be happier with the final product, and we agree. So folks, here is another timeless build. Hope you enjoy this mean machine as much as we did. Continue Reading Alpine Posted by Matt Gaumont on July 9, 2013 Posted in: Automotive Culture .Tagged: beastcoast , boost , canibeat , ccw , flush , hks , jdm , masstuning , race , slammed , stance , stancenation , Sti , Subaru , tuning , turbo , wrx . 1 comment I love these features. The ones where the car is a balance of design and performance; A car that looks as well as it performs. Thats Drews STi. The combination of a white STI with polished CCWs is killer in this build and small aesthetic tweaks really set the car off.  Follow Drew @styleskidd on Instagram for more of this car, and our photographer Elias @viciouze for more of his amazing work.  Continue Reading Posts navigation  Older Entries Social Networks Instagram Feed Like BeastCoast on Facebook! LIFE-style INC Stylin On You All Things Low Stay Updated Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 4,207 other followers  Blog at WordPress.com . The Parament Theme .  Follow Follow  Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 4,207 other followers Powered by WordPress.com 