 Home About Writers Advertise Contact Facebook Twitter Subscribe to our Feed  Celebrity Gossip Comedy Wotlessness Concerts Contest Fashion Style Feature Posts Interviews Ask Jay Blessed Music/Videos News NYC Scene Celebrity Gossip Busy Signals collaboration with Major Lazer rakes in 20 million views! August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments In a little over four months after the release of their hit collaboration  Watch Out For This (Bumaye), Major Lazer and Busy Signal have been able to attain over 21 million views on Youtube. Watch Out For This (Bumaye) is off Major Lazers Free The Universe album which features Busy Signal, The Flexican and FS Green [...] Continue Celebrity Gossip Soca Queens Alison Hinds and Fay-Ann Lyons ready for #CarnivalMania at Barclays on Aug 31st! August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments International Soca Queens, Fay-Ann Lyons-Alvarez and Alison Hinds, will dominate at the highly anticipated Soca concert “Carnival Mania,” to be held on the second night of the Caribbean Fever Irie Jamboree Music Festival on Saturday August 31st, at the Barclays Center in downtown Brooklyn. Known for her women’s anthems, her signature locks and enviable waistline [...] Continue Celebrity Gossip DAngel to appear in Jamaican Mafia movie August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Beenie Mans ex-wife and Diamond Music Empire recording artiste, DAngel, has landed a supporting role in Jamaican Mafia, a gangster thriller made in the US. Jamaican Mafia details the experiences of Zoolian Anderson (Zoo-Zoo), a frustrated car salesman who quits his corporate job and descends into the gritty bowels of the Jamaican underworld as he [...] Continue Celebrity Gossip Shabba Ranks to Produce album after 15 years! August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Two-time Grammy winning dancehall superstar, Shabba Ranks, has announced that after 15 years, he is finally working on an upcoming album slated for release in 2014. I am working on numerous ideas to create hit records, Shabba told The Jamaica Observer. A new album is always in the works, when a major record label is [...] Continue Celebrity Gossip A Look Back At IRIE JAMBOREE  Now The Caribbean Fever Irie Jamboree Music Festival August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Irie Jamboree is regarded as North Americas premier reggae festival and for a good reason. In just 10 years, the annual festival has provided first class entertainment for families and friends in the New York metro region, bringing to the main concert stage the best talent that reggae and soca music has to offer. Over the [...] Continue Celebrity Gossip VIDEO: Check out Rihannas Budweiser commercial inside August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Budweiser launches its global music campaign “Made For Music,” with a filmic black and white thirty second spot featuring Rihanna amongst a host of creators and artists from around the world. The spot is set to Rihanna’s new hit single “Right Now” and was shot by director Mark Romanek. It captures the creative spirit of [...] Continue  OFFICIAL VIDEO: Musiq Soulchild  Syleena Johnson  Feel The Fire August 27, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments In case you havent heard the reggae love duet “Feel The Fire” by RB stars Musiq Soulchild and Syleena Johnson, you can now watch the video instead! Produced by Kemar “Flava” McGregor, the single is the lead single off their collaborative reggae album titled, 9ine. Check out below, as the two American stars try to [...] Posted in Music/Videos Completed lineup announced for 2013 trinidad+tobago film festival August 27, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Twenty-six feature films from beyond the Caribbean will screen in the Panorama section of the 2013 trinidad+tobago film festival (ttff), as the Festival completed the announcement of its lineup today. The ttff, now in its 8th year, takes place from 17 September–01 October, and screens feature-length, short and experimental films from the Caribbean and its diaspora. The [...] Posted in Feature Posts Caribbean Returning Nationals Foundation (CRNF) launched in Trinidad August 27, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Almost 200 persons attended the launch of the Caribbean Returning Nationals Foundation (CRNF) last Friday at the Central Bank, Port-of-Spain, which was addressed by public officials from TT, St Vincent and the Grenadines (SVG) and the United States, and a top local business organization. CRNF president and founder, Arlene Graham, told guests the group was [...] Posted in News Pitbull teams up former Miss World  Bollywood Queen Priyanka Chopra in Exotic August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments You can always count on Pitbull to bring the latin flavor to any single and turn in into a certified hit. Cuban rapper Pitbull aka Mr. Worldwide recently collaborated with former Miss World turned Bollywood actress turned pop singer  Priyanka Chopra on her sophomore single Exotic. Donald Trump’s Beauty Queens singing group featuring Wendy [...] Posted in Music/Videos Busy Signals collaboration with Major Lazer rakes in 20 million views! August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments In a little over four months after the release of their hit collaboration  Watch Out For This (Bumaye), Major Lazer and Busy Signal have been able to attain over 21 million views on Youtube. Watch Out For This (Bumaye) is off Major Lazers Free The Universe album which features Busy Signal, The Flexican and FS Green [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Music/Videos PHOTOS: Nicki Minaj Wins Top Honors at 2013 BMI Awards + Trinas Musical Tribute (VIDEO) August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Congratulations to Nicki Minaj, who received top honors at the 2013 BMI RB/Hip-Hop Awards, last week at the Manhattan Center in NYC. The Trini-born rap diva earned the Songwriter of the Year award for Starships and features on Make Me Proud, Girl on Fire and Dance (A$$). She shared the title with producer/songwriter Benny Blanco, [...] Posted in Style Gyptian new album Sex Love and Reggae (SLR) to feature Melanie Fiona, Kees  Bunji August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments International reggae artiste Gyptian will debut fifth studio album, Sex Love and Reggae (SLR) in October under VP Records. The set is the follow up to his 2010 Billboard charting album Hold Yuh which spawned the hits Hold Yuh and Nah Let Go. Sex Love and Reggae will feature collaborations with Angela Hunt (who co-wrote [...] Posted in Music/Videos Jamaican Gangs, Guns and Drugs featured on National Geographic August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Drugs Inc, a reality television program featured on the United States television network, National Geographic, and one that explores the multi-billion dollar industry that fuels crime and violence across the planet, will air an episode, Jamaican Gangs, Guns and Drugs, on Thursday August 29th at 9pmET. Among local film producers behind this particular episodes production, [...] Posted in Feature Posts , News OFFICIAL VIDEO: Demarco  Apartment August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Jamaican Dancehall singjay Demarco has just released the official music video for his latest single titled, ‘Apartment.’ Directed by True Gift Entertainment with production credits courtesy of Hitmaker Musik, the song is featured on the Seduction Rhythm compilation. According to a press release, The video speaks to Demarco’s affinity with a voluptuous vixen whose God [...] Posted in Music/Videos Soca Queens Alison Hinds and Fay-Ann Lyons ready for #CarnivalMania at Barclays on Aug 31st! August 26, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments International Soca Queens, Fay-Ann Lyons-Alvarez and Alison Hinds, will dominate at the highly anticipated Soca concert “Carnival Mania,” to be held on the second night of the Caribbean Fever Irie Jamboree Music Festival on Saturday August 31st, at the Barclays Center in downtown Brooklyn. Known for her women’s anthems, her signature locks and enviable waistline [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Concerts , NYC Scene Legendary Creole music producer Henri Debs passes on August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Legendary Creole music producer Henri Debs, of Guadeloupe, has died. According to DominicaNewsOnline, his name might not be well known among the wider Dominican public, but he is among those who can be credited for helping introduce Dominica’s indigenous music, Cadence, to a larger audience. Debs saw the potential of the genre in the 1970′s [...] Posted in Feature Posts OFFICIAL VIDEO: Orlando Octave  Falling August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Trinidadian artiste Orlando Octave just released his new music video for his latest single, Falling. Filled with one-on-one lovey-dovey scenes with heavy sprinklings of rub-a-tub and bare-chested visuals, Orlando croons how much hes falling in love with his lady. Check out the official music video for Orlando Octaves Falling below: Shot and directed by Christian [...] Posted in Music/Videos DAngel to appear in Jamaican Mafia movie August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Beenie Mans ex-wife and Diamond Music Empire recording artiste, DAngel, has landed a supporting role in Jamaican Mafia, a gangster thriller made in the US. Jamaican Mafia details the experiences of Zoolian Anderson (Zoo-Zoo), a frustrated car salesman who quits his corporate job and descends into the gritty bowels of the Jamaican underworld as he [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip Shabba Ranks to Produce album after 15 years! August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Two-time Grammy winning dancehall superstar, Shabba Ranks, has announced that after 15 years, he is finally working on an upcoming album slated for release in 2014. I am working on numerous ideas to create hit records, Shabba told The Jamaica Observer. A new album is always in the works, when a major record label is [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Music/Videos A Look Back At IRIE JAMBOREE  Now The Caribbean Fever Irie Jamboree Music Festival August 25, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Irie Jamboree is regarded as North Americas premier reggae festival and for a good reason. In just 10 years, the annual festival has provided first class entertainment for families and friends in the New York metro region, bringing to the main concert stage the best talent that reggae and soca music has to offer. Over the [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Concerts , NYC Scene OFFICIAL VIDEO: Wyclef Jean  Bagay Nef | See Him LIVE At The Barclays Aug 30 August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Grammy award-winning Haitan music Wyclef returns with some creole-infused club music. In preparation of his forthcoming album The Carnival Returns and his upcoming performance at the Caribbean Fever Irie Jamboree Music Festival, Wyclef released the official music video for his latest single, Bagay Nef. Check it out Wyclef in Bagay Nef below RELATED STORIES: [...] Posted in Music/Videos OFFICIAL VIDEO: Konshens  Romain Virgo  We No Worry Bout Them August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Dancehall heart-throb Konshens recently collaborated with fellow Jamaican reggae crooner Romain Virgo for their single, We No Worry Bout Them. Shot on location in Jamaican, the video is yet another to deliver the authentic street dancehall vibesincluding the wardrobe! Check out the official music video for We No Worry Bout Them by Konshens  Romain [...] Posted in Music/Videos Jack Warner accuses PP ministers of ‘sex ring’  dirty contracts, MP denies allegations August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments How de hell did i miss this bacchanal?!?!? Just in case you did, check out this Trinidad Express story published on August 17th below A government minister is being accused of running a “sex ring” at his ministry. Another is said to be aware that the Government-run Unemployment Relief Programme (URP) contracts in east Trinidad [...] Posted in News VIDEO: Check out Rihannas Budweiser commercial inside August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Budweiser launches its global music campaign “Made For Music,” with a filmic black and white thirty second spot featuring Rihanna amongst a host of creators and artists from around the world. The spot is set to Rihanna’s new hit single “Right Now” and was shot by director Mark Romanek. It captures the creative spirit of [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Music/Videos PHOTOS: Rihanna Reveals Her River Island Autumn/Winter 2013 Collection August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Rihanna recently unveiled her second collection for River Island, Rihanna for River Island Autumn/Winter 2013. The new collection features Rihannas favorite looks: crop tops, sporty lingerie, bomber jackets, floor-length mesh dresses, body-con minis, slouchy knee-length shorts, oversized jumpers, tiny hotpants, beenies, strappy sandals, and stilletto booties. So Rihanna!!! Check out a couple of shots of [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Fashion PHOTOS: Nicki Minaj Reveals Pieces From Her KMart Fashion Collection August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments KMarts shares just got a boost with the addition of Nicki Minajs new fashion collection filled with body hugging, curve-conscious pieces. The Trini-born YMCMB rap mogul, who has redefined her outrageously attention-seeking style for a more demure look, is bringing a little bit of that sexy to the retail giant. Low-budgetnista, check out these cute [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Fashion Jermain Defoes family speak out on electrocution accident that killed their daughter in St. Lucia August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Matthew and Hope Defoe A devastated mother wept yesterday as she told how relatives battled to save her daughter who was electrocuted in a hotel swimming pool in St Lucia. Hannah Defoe, 20, the cousin of England footballer Jermain Defoe (St Lucian and Dominican descent), was killed when she dived into the water while on [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip NEW MUSIC: Estelle feat. Jeremih  Be In Love August 23, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Grenadian-reppin RB songstress Estelle is getting her Love Jones on The British diva just released her new joint titled Be In Love featuring Jeremih, off her upcoming Waiting To Exhale EP which is a part of her three-part Love  Happiness series. In the lovers-rock-RB vibe tune, the duo soulfully sing about the age old issue [...] Posted in Music/Videos The 10th Annual Montreal International Reggae Festival Celebrates Capacity Crowds at the Old Port August 22, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Last weekend the 10th edition of the Montreal International Reggae Festival (MIRF) attained new heights of popularity with a sold out crowd on Saturday night; and Friday and Sunday selling 97% of the total site capacity of 10,000 seats. Photo:  Cocoa Tea performing Sunday night The weather was extraordinary, as were the Friday night performances [...] Posted in Concerts Stephen Ragga Marley Drops New Music  U.S. East Coast Tour Begins Next Week August 21, 2013  No Comments "> No Comments Grammy-winning reggae icon, Stephen Marley, has just released new music and will begin his U.S. East coast tour next week. This summer, Stephen Ragga Marley has dropped two sizzling singles – Bongo Nyah and You  Me Attract – in anticipation of his third solo album Revelation Part 2: The Fruit of Life, slated for [...] Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Concerts , Music/Videos  Older Articles Search Form Tips  Diss  Subscribe to our newsletters Your Name: Your Email:  To update your details or unsubscribe please click here . CARIBBEAN FEVER IRIE JAMBOREE AD Like Me!  Copyright  2013 Jay Blessed Media l Privacy Policy Advertise Contact Development by Curve Brand Marketing . Back to Top Web Toolbar by Wibiya <  