 Home News Center Blog Login Create Account United States United Kingdom United States France China Front Page Arts Business Education Environment Government Industry Lifestyle Sports Tech Other Automotive Computer Events Health Home and Family Legal / Law Media Miscellaneous Opinion / Editorial Podcasting Science Society  RSS E-mail Newsletters Put PRWeb on your site  Entertainment Enthusiasts Interact on the New Starpulse.com: The revamped Starpulse.com Includes More Features Allowing Members to Connect and Share Celebrity News, Photos, Gossip and More with  Other Entertainment Fans Starpulse.com, an online entertainment site for celebrity enthusiasts, launched a revamped version of its popular Web site featuring interactive community enhancements, additional pictures of popular celebrities, more unique and exclusive articles, entertainment news, an expanded contest section and more.  We have loyal Starpulse.com members who come to our site frequently to keep up to date with all things entertainment BRANFORD, Conn. (PRWEB) April 24, 2008 From the latest news to an entertainers complete filmography or discography, Starpulse.com is a legitimate information source for pop culture fanatics to find accurate and timely information about the broadest range of entertainment topics. Whats different about the new Starpulse.com: -- Expanded Community - Visitors can sign up and become members of the Starpulse.com community where they can post comments about celebrity pictures, album releases, news and much more. User comments are continuously updated on the home page, so Starpulse.com visitors can easily see and instantly connect with other celebrity gossip hounds about the stars, films, music and shows they love. -- Enhanced Photo Galleries - Starpulse users have access to an endless source of celebrity photos ranging from archived red carpet events to the latest movie premiers. -- Bigger News Blog and More Unique Content - With a growing internal writing staff and more than 3,000,000 topics, Starpulse.com features exclusive stories on hot entertainment news as well as a current articles with the latest in celebrity gossip. -- Expanded RSS Feeds and Mobile Access - The added RSS feeds and Mobile access provide members immediate access to the latest stories and trends going on in the entertainment field. -- More Advertising and Sponsorship Opportunities - The new layout allows more options and places for advertisers and sponsors to quickly engage Starpulse.com visitors. We have loyal Starpulse.com members who come to our site frequently to keep up to date with all things entertainment, said Starpulse.com CEO and Co-Founder, Dave Armenia. We want to give them more community features that would let them interact with people who share the same intense passion for movies, TV, celebrities and music. With the enhancements to the site, it is not only the perfect place for entertainment junkies to read deep, broad coverage on the stars that they love but also a central location for publicists, up-and-coming actors and studio executives to promote their films, music and TV shows. Links for more information: Homepage, News Blog, Community, Contest, Contact About Starpulse.com Starpulse.com is your connection to everything entertainment. With more than 3,000,000 topics, its a complete online entertainment resource. An average of 8,000,000 people a month visit Starpulse.com for its red carpet photos, new music samples, exclusive contests and celebrity archives. From the latest celebrity news to your favorite actors full filmography, Starpulse.com is all about the movies, TV, music, and celebrities. Its blogs, chat rooms and social networking features let you connect with other fans of your favorite entertainers. Visit http://www.starpulse.com. PDF Print   Contact   Noelle Talmon Starpulse.com 203-481-9428 Email  PRWeb Home News Center We're here to help. Call 1-866-640-6397 Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google Why PRWeb How It Works Who Uses It Pricing Learning Blog About Vocus Contact Us Partners Subscribe to News Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Site Map Create Account Copyright 1997- , Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC.  Vocus, PRWeb, and Publicity Wire are trademarks or registered trademarks of Vocus, Inc. or Vocus PRW Holdings, LLC. LastR: 20130813052528  