 Angloinfo.com LUXEMBOURG Home Directory Information What's On Discussions Classifieds Blogs MyAngloINFO Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Luxembourg Information Transport Vehicle Ownership Buying Selling A Car Login or Register  Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Import  Registration Customs Clearance Vehicle Registration Registration Plates Buying  Selling a Car Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Mechanical Terms Public Transport Air Travel Useful Contacts Transport News More News... show Essentials Emergency Numbers Public Holidays Maps Foreign Exchange Postcards Bookshop Weather show Useful Tools Advertising Franchising Online Translation Mobile Web Get Listed! Link To Us Tell A Friend More AngloINFO Worldwide AngloINFO Luxembourg What's On Church of God Service Sunday worship at 10:30 (full Gospel). More Details More AngloINFO Worldwide Explore the world of AngloINFO through our 86 regional websites and 40 country websites Read More... Log in to Add to Favourites Buying and Selling a New or Used Car in Luxembourg Information on the paperwork and process involved whether buying a car from a dealership or a second hand car through a classified advertisement... New cars in Luxembourg are bought from dealerships unless they are imported. The registration process for cars bought from a Luxembourg dealership is carried out by the car dealer. The buyer has to provide the following documents: The name and address of the buyer's Luxembourg registered insurance company The buyer's certificate of residence ( certificat de résidence ) issued within the last month at the buyer's local Municipal Office ( Commune ) Buying/Selling a Used Car in Luxembourg Used cars in Luxembourg can be bought from a dealership or from a private individual. Car advertisements can be found in national and local newspapers as well as on notice boards in shops and supermarkets. There are a number of Internet sites that can be useful in both buying and selling used cars in Luxembourg. The most popular ones are: Automarket Luxembourg Autotrade (in French and German) Driving.lu Luxauto (in French) Luxbazar (in French and German) When buying a used car from a private individual both parties should complete a contract of sale. The contract should include the following details and can be used as proof of transaction when registering the vehicle: Name and address of both the buyer and the seller Identification of the vehicle (make, model, chassis number, number of kilometres) The condition of the vehicle and any apparent defects Sale price Signature of both parties A sample contract can be downloaded in English, French, Portuguese or German from the Luxembourg Automobile Club website: Click here The Luxembourg Automobile Club ( Automobile Club du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg - ACL) provides a fee-paying service for people wishing to sell their car. This provides the buyer with a guarantee that the car has been checked recently by the ACL. To use the service, the seller should make an appointment with the ACL-Diagnostic Center by telephone or e-mail: Tel : 45 00 45-236 e-mail The ACL website has a list of recommendations for buyers of secondhand cars, this includes details of things to look out for when buying or test driving a used car: For further information: Click here (in French) Roadworthiness tests (contrôle technique) A used car should be sold with a valid contrôle technique certificate. The seller is responsible for ensuring that the vehicle inspection is up-to-date and gives the valid CT certificate to the buyer. For used cars that have a CT certificate with less than six weeks remaining validity, the vehicle must undergo a roadworthiness test. If the CT certificate has more than six weeks remaining validity, the new owner may choose not to have a CT carried out when registering the vehicle. In this case they must fill in a specific form ( Renonciation au Contrôle Technique ). The form can be downloaded online: Click here and select Renonciation au Contrôle Technique Registering a Vehicle in Luxembourg The seller of the vehicle must inform the Ministry of Transport of the change of ownership, in writing, within 15 days of the sale of the vehicle. The seller must send a form ( Déclaration de mise hors circulation ) accompanied by part 1 and 2 (grey and yellow) of the registration document ( document d'immatriculation ) and proof of sale ( document-facture ) to the following address: Société Nationale de Controle Technique (SNCT) BP 123 L-5201 Sandweiler The form can be downloaded: Click here and select Déclaration de mise hors circulation Note : The forms must be sent by registered mail. The new owner will need to take the following documents to one of the SNCT offices to register the vehicle in their name: A Vehicle Transaction request form ( Demande de Transaction Automobile ) available from the SNCT: Click here (PDF in French) Proof of identity Tax stamp ( Timbre de Chancellerie ), available from the SNCT or the Administration de l'enregistrement et des domaines Proof of sale ( document-facture ) Proof of valid car insurance from a Luxembourg registered insurance company Photocopy of Part 1 and 2 (grey and yellow) of the previous registration documents, which must be provided by the seller Photocopy of the seller's proof of identity An inspection is carried out (unless the new owner has filled in a Renonciation au Contrôle Technique form) and once the car is declared fit, the owner receives the Carte Grise registration document, a technical control certificate, a document stating the next technical inspection date, and a pink temporary registration vignette (valid for 20 days) which is placed at the right bottom corner of the windscreen. An invoice for registration tax is sent during the following days, and once payment is made, a grey window stamp is sent to replace the temporary pink one. This is valid for one year. SNCT offices: Tel : 35 72 14 234 Centre At : 11 rue de Luxembourg, L-5230 Sandweiler Open : Monday to Friday from 07:30-16:45 For a map: Click here South At : 22-28 rue Jos. Keffer, L-4176 Esch-sur-Alzette Open : Monday to Friday from 07:30 to 16:45 North At : 1 route de Pintsch, L-9776 Wilwerwiltz Open : Monday to Friday from 08:00 to 11:45 and 13:00 to 16:45 Luxembourg Number Plates If the seller wants to keep the original number plate, the buyer needs to contact the Société Nationale de Controle Technique , with their Social Security number ( numéro matricule ) to request a new plate registration number. It is possible to obtain a personalised number for an additional fee. Note: All vehicles registered before 17 June 2003, with a number plate made up of two letters and three numbers must change the number plate when the vehicle changes owner. The new owner will need to present the letter received from the SNCT before the plates can be mounted. For comprehensive information on personalised number plates: Click here (in French)  Registration Plates Vehicle Insurance  Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... What's On Roman Catholic Church of Saint-Alphonse Service Service on Saturday from 19:00. Children classes available. More Details Bi-weekly Market Bi-weekly market selling fruits, vegetables and clothes at place de l'Hôtel de Ville from 07:00-13:30. More Details Help Close Add to Favourites Close Business Directory: Related Categories Cars, Bikes  Driving Car Dealers: Sales New  Used Featured Information Employment Just hired, or looking for work? Find out about employment contracts, including benefits and legal requirements. Read more... Income Tax Understand the income tax system as a resident and non-resident and how it affects your income. Read more... Postcards Grund Bisserweg More AngloINFO Postcards... Featured Information Setting Up Home Find out how to get power, water and gas turned on and how to get the rubbish removed. Read more... Employment Just hired, or looking for work? Find out about employment contracts, including benefits and legal requirements. Read more... Useful Tools Online Translation Use our simple translation tool to translate from almost any language to any other. Read More... Useful Tools Get Listed If your business or non-profit organisation is based within Luxembourg, you can list it in the Business Directory free of charge Read More...  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Safe Internet Policy , Contact , Cookies , Mobile Site . AngloINFO Life in Luxembourg, in English! 2013-08-27 23:31:50 Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! 