 512-832-5700 Home About Us Services Financing Service Packages FAQ Store Locations Franchising Contact Us  Want a chance to win a year's worth of FREE Oil Changes? To be eligible, enter your email below and then click on the Google +1 button when it appears. First Name: * Email: *  Recent Auto Repair Austin Posts 27 Mar 13: Home of the $49.99 Brake Special! Auto Service Experts is the Home of the $49.99 Brake Special! Our brake service includes pads and labor on most cars and trucks. Call for an appointment... [ More... ] 7 Jan 13: Kens 5 News Story http://www.kens5.com/news/On-the-road-againfor-free-185801662.html    ... [ More... ] 29 Aug 12: Congratulations to this Month's Free Oil Change Winner! Auto Service Experts is pleased to announce that Martin J. won a FREE oil change for a year. Martin registered for the contest on our website, www.auto... [ More... ]  WE ARE AUSTIN'S AUTO SERVICE EXPERTS Why choose Auto Service Experts? Because we are different! Everyone knows that auto repair shops charge you for the labor to remove and replace the broken parts on your car. But what about the cost of the part. Most shops charge a markup on the parts they sell you. This markup is usually between 30 to 40 percent but can often go as high as 100 percent. Repair shops charge this as an additional profit for the shop, even though it is the exact same part you can pick up yourself from any parts store. At Auto Service Experts we don't charge the high mark ups on parts that other repair shops do. With Auto Service Experts you can bring your own parts, or we will be happy to pick them up for you with no additional charge. We charge only for labor and our prices are based on the Alladata Labor Guide which is the same repair estimation software program used by most new car stores. No parts mark ups and fair upfront labor prices ensures that you will not find a better deal anywhere in Austin. We are often asked, how can we afford to not charge the customer parts markup? The answer is simple, Volume. We do more repairs than in a day than most auto repair shops do in a month. We guarantee and stand behind all of our auto repairs with the best warranties in Austin to make sure that your car stays as reliable as the day you purchased it. Auto Service Experts has the lowest prices on all automotive repairs! We fix everything! We are Austin's best auto repair shop with the biggest warranties and lowest prices in town! We are not just a fast oil change shop. We do brakes, alternators, starters, differentials, clutches, axles, shocks, mounts, and have the latest equipment to perform engine diagnostics and repairs. Your time is valuable, and at Auto Service Experts we can perform take care of all your automotive needs with just one trip. We specialize in fixing car performance problems! Your local Auto Service Experts repair shop has the absolute lowest prices in Austin! We know that times are tough so we guarantee you the best value on any automotive repair. We have many options available to meet your automotive needs. While we will always recommend performing repairs in accordance with manufacturer recommendations, we do understand that there are times when it makes more sense to use rebuilt or used parts in order to keep the cost of your repair down. We are always happy to shop around to find the lowest parts prices to make sure that your automotive repair is completed at the lowest possible cost. Feel free to let us know that you are interested in knowing all the options available for your car's repairs. We also offer several different financing options to make sure that you can get your car back on the road. Stop by Auto Service Experts for the guaranteed lowest prices on automotive repair in Austin! Auto Service Experts has the best guarantees and warranties in Austin! When it comes to repairing difficult car performance problems, Auto Service Experts provides the best automotive diagnostics in Austin. Diagnostics are a critical component of car repair and no one understands that better than Auto Service Experts Certified Service auto mechanics. The reason diagnostics are important is because if your car is made up of thousands of different parts, and if you don't know exactly which part to replace, you will not only miss fixing the problem, you can actually make the problem worse, or create an entirely different problem which will also need to be repaired. Everyday people bring us cars that have been worked on by other repair shops because the other repair shop could not get the repair right. This is becoming more and more common, and it doesn't happen because mechanics are dishonest or lazy, but rather because cars are getting more and more complicated each day. When you stop to think about how many different car manufacturers there are out there, and then how many different models are made by each manufacturer each year, it's easy to see how much information an automotive technician needs and how difficult it is to know the right answer to every performance problem on each type of car. How do we do it? We employ ASE Certified Mechanics and we have the latest equipment available to make sure that your car's problem is diagnosed properly. Today's car's are computerized and the basic code reader used by most auto parts stores and basic mechanics will only tell you which system of the car is reporting an error. In order to know which of the hundred of parts within that system need replacement you will need to perform a complete diagnostic of that system which requires additional diagnostic equipment. Exactly what type of equipment is required is determined by the make and model of your car. If your car is sputtering, chugging, grinding, making noises, or just won't start, call Auto Service Experts and find out the the exact reason for your car's problem today! Auto Service Experts is an auto repair shop that can offer the right auto diagnostic repair service in Austin for your specific car repair, giving you added confidence. Your local Auto Service Experts is your one stop shop for auto diagnostics and auto repair in Austin. We will make your auto repair easy! One call does it all. We make auto repair fast and convenient. We have fast and friendly towing and service all of Austin including, Round Rock, Cedar Park, Lakeway, Lake Travis, and Pflugerville. For quality automotive repairs and the lowest prices in Austin, give us a call today and let us take care of all your automotive maintenance and repair needs. Don't miss our current wheel alignment special! Alignments are just $49.99 on most cars and trucks! Auto Service Experts 9318 N. Lamar Blvd Austin, TX 78753 - 4104 512-832-5700  Contact Us First Name: * Last Name: * Email: * Comment: *   