 Skip to: Main Content Search Navigation Secondary Navigation  Ohio University  Search Search: Search Type: CoFA Ohio.edu People etour   |   My OHIO Portal College of Fine Arts College of Fine Arts  About Us Dean's Welcome Mission & History Future Merger Facilities & Resources What's Happening Calendar of Events Now Happening Future Students Programs of Study Admission Information Learning Community Education Abroad Experience the Arts Day Current Students Programs of Study Undergraduate Resources Graduate Resources Education Abroad Fine Arts Facts Faculty & Staff Directory Listing Visiting Artists & Scholars Resources & Materials Alumni Distinguished Alumni Ohio Alumni Association Support/Give Alumni/Friends Corporations/ Foundations Endowed Scholarships The Promise Lives Visiting Artists Program Arts Outreach Arts for Ohio Performing Arts Series Outreach Programs Contact How to Reach Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Wordpress  Ohio University  Fine Arts  Arts Outreach  Arts for Ohio Arts for Ohio .  What is Arts for OHIO? Ohio University recognizes and supports the arts as a central component of the intellectual and social life of our community and has funded the Arts for OHIO initiative. This funding allows the College of Fine Arts to more fully integrate the arts into the culture and fabric of Ohio University by offering students free admission to our events while expanding and enhancing our offerings for our entire community. Expect to see our award winning students, highly acclaimed faculty and world renowned visiting artists at their best. Plan to be emotionally moved, provoked, and inspired. Our calendar is ever growing and we look forward to experiencing the arts with you. Click here to check out our Calendar of Events. The Arts for OHIO initiative is now it its sixth year of providing access to arts events at no charge to Ohio University students. Contact Arts for OHIO artsforohio@ohio.edu Maureen Wagner Project Director for Arts for Ohio wagnerm@ohio.edu Claire Berlin Manager of Communications  Marketing berlinc@ohio.edu     Downloads 2012-13 Arts for OHIO Partnership Project Funding Guidelines Arts for OHIO High  Low Res Logos   Arts for OHIO Funded Partnership Projects 2012-2013 FANTASTIC! The Comic Art of Sandy Plunkett Exhibition and Programs by the Kennedy Museum of Art   Understanding Islam through Music: Tinariwen Performance by African Studies and Ohio University Collective for Africa’s Arts   Christmas in Russia: An evening of Slavic-Inspired Holiday Music by OU Orchestra and Choral Ensembles   Ohio University World Music Festival and Concert by Multiple OU Organizations    Maureen Wagner Assistant Dean of Undergraduate Studies, Arts for Ohio    Claire Berlin Manager of Communications & Marketing, Dean's Office   Arts for Ohio Honey for the Heart Project A collaborative community project of building and using giant puppets sponsored by Ohio University's Learning Community Programs and Arts for Ohio. View Slideshow  Ohio University Contact Information: Ohio University Ohio University | 1 Ohio University | Athens OH 45701 | 740.593.1000 ADA Compliance | © 2013 Ohio University . All rights reserved. 