 We cannot attribute any purity of political expression to popular culture,although we can locate its power to identify ideas and desires that arerelatively opposed, alongside those that are clearly complicit, to theofficial culture. -- Andrew Ross, No Respect: Intellectuals and Popular Culture We weren't philosophers, we were perverts. --Howard Stern, Private Parts Popular culture has been defined as everything from "common culture," to"folk culture," to "mass culture." While it has been all of these thingsat various points in history, in Post-War America, popular culture isundeniably associated with commercial culture and all its trappings:movies, television, radio, cyberspace, advertising, toys, nearly anycommodity available for purchase, many forms of art, photography, games,and even group "experiences" like collective comet-watching or ravedancing on ecstasy. While humanities and social science departmentsbefore the 1950s would rarely have imagined including anything from theprevious list in their curricula, it is now widely acknowledged thatpopular culture can and must be analyzed as an important part of USmaterial, economic and political culture. "Pop culture" is also one ofthe US' most lucrative export commodities, making everything from Levi'sjeans to Sylvester Stallone movies popular on the international market. It would be impossible to do an exhaustive (or even a not-so-exhaustive)survey of all the work being done in and on popular culture, so we haveincluded only representative examples of both. Our bibliographies andlinks focus on major figures in popular writing and basic categories ofpopular media after the war. Links General The Media History Project Promoting the study of media from petroglyphs to pixels. An excellent resource for scholars and media history buffs, withlinks and information on contemporary media as well as early and print media. FCC Home Page The Federal Communications Commission online. A surprisingly rich resource, with daily changes in links to speeches, recent legislation,"headlines," and various FCC departments. Especially importantif you're interested in government regulation of the media. Film Society For Cinema Studies An academic organization devoted to the study of film. Includesinformation about their annual conference, job listings, and other points of interest for film scholars. Internet Movie Database Simply the biggest and the best film encyclopedia online. Includes cross-referenced film data, fromactors and directors to plot summaries and studios. Plus otherrelevant information like box office grosses and release dates. Box Office Statistics in Millions of Dollars Calculates domestic, overseas, and worldwide grosses onany film or range of films. Bibliographical Aid for Film Research Practical bibliographical material on film in general, witha special focus on the relationship between literature and film. SCREENsite For the study of film and television, with extensive listingsof educational and research resources. Very user friendlyand international in scope. Drew'sScripts-o-Rama An index of over 600 scripts from TV and movies availableon the Internet. Scary Women Female monsters and fiends in American film. ShockCinema Guide to bizarre films and videos from the cult underground. Great links. Really Disturbingand Vile Movies List of cult gore and violence films, complete with reviews and a "rating system." The Cult Shop's "Dystopia: Movies for a Dark Future" Great resource and filmography about this popular postwarcinematic genre. Amazing World of Cult Movies Many excellent reviews of weird cinematic narratives. Also includesthe indispensible "Exploitation Index." Ground Zero Godzilla Obviously essential for any film scholar interested in post-war nuclear holocaust allegory. Warning: this site makesgratuitous use of giant graphics and frames, so if you don't havea fast connection, you may be waiting for a while to see all your favoritegiant monsters. Television TV Link Huge and well-organized index of links relating to television (andsome film). Includes studios, individual shows, and archives.This is a good place to start any TV-related research project. TV Guide Entertainment Network It's TV Guide online, with lots of snappy and current TV information, plusextra stuff on sports and music. Cult TV Episode Guide Links to episode guides online for cult shows from The X-Files to Starsky and Hutch . Nielsen Ratings for TV Nielsen ratings, updated weekly, plus an archive of past weeklyratings. Multichannel News Online The definitive weekly source for cable TV and telecommunications news.Links with many cable resources, as well as relevant articles on cableTV. Cable TV is the future of television, and the future of televisionstudies. Ultimate TV Daily news about everything related to television from Los Angeles. MZTV Museum of Television From France, this nonprofit organization aims to deal with "the technologicalhistory of the TV receiver." Includes a "virtual gallery" which isinformative and beautifully designed. Popular Fiction Publisher's Weekly Bestseller Lists Features several bestseller lists, from children's lit. to mass marketpaperbacks. You can also search the bestseller list database. Book Wire Information on contemporary books and the book industry. Alsohosts several trade journals, as well as the BookInfo database, which includes reviews and "author event" dates. RomanceNovel Database Comprehensive database, with reviews. Grouped helpfully by subgenre. Pulp Fiction MagazineCovers A gallery of images from the 1950s and 1960s. Authors Graham's Tom Clancy Shrine Devoted to everything Tom Clancy, master of the contemporarytechno political/military thriller. John Irving Fan page with works, biographical sketch, bibliography, and more. Erica Jong Erica's official site, with reviews, book lists, and"Erica's weekly tips for writers." Cormac McCarthy From the Cormac McCarthy Society, an extensive seriesof links, a bibliogrpahy, and information about the author. Alsolinks to the Cormac McCarthy Journal . James Michener The author's own site, with bio-bibliography and links. Mario Puzo Author of The Godfather . This sitecatalogues his books, biography,filmograpahy, etc. Anne Rice Official Rice homepage. With lists of her books, interviews, plusall the latest information on what the Queen of Gothic isdoing with her writing, her fans, and her money. Plus, buy Anne Rice merchandise! Stephen King Good annotated bibliography of King's major works. LouisL'Amour, the Unofficial Tribute Fans of L'Amour provide hotlinks, reviews, and a short biography of this renowned author of dozens of Westerns. Michael Crichton Very slick and corporate, which is perfect for this masterof suspenseful novels about the ins and outs of corporate cultureand US economic nationalism. Journals, Magazines, and Publications Animation Journal Scholarly journal of animation history and theory. Bright Lights Film Journal A popular-academic hybrid of movie analysis, history, and commentary. Film Threat "Hollywood's indie voice" is a free weekly with reviews, commentary,and coverage of film industry events. Advertising Age The magazine for commerce culture. Entertainment Weekly Very slick and yet also very smart magazine covering everythingfrom music and movies, to new media and books. Our theory is that a lot of former academics write for this magazine. Highly recommended. The Village Voice Founded by Norman Mailer in 1955, this is one of the oldest alternative weekies in the United States. The Voice covers news and culturewhich aren't quite mainstream. Boston Phoenix Highly respected arts and entertainment newspaper with added bonusof extensive coverage of the queer community. People Magazine Everybody wants some tabloid once in a while. If you want pop culture,you can't get much cheesier than this. Weekly coverage of celebritiesand their tribulations Rolling Stone The famous rock magazine online. HotWired Wired Magazine online, and it's much, much better. Covers new media and cyberculture, and includes daily updates which do notappear in the magazine. Also sponsors the web satire zine Suck . LA Times Book Review Great resource for contemporary reviews of new writing. New York Times Book Review You have to "subscribe" to get to this site, but the subscriptiondoesn't cost money if you live in the USA. Return to Home . Return to Genres . 