 Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Menu Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Squidoo  Close Home  Cars  Car Enthusiasts  Hot Rods Automotive Gauges  by HotRodGuy  Custom car gauges come in an assortment of shapes, styles and colors. This makes the ability to make a completely unique set of automotive gauges a ve...   more  (function($) { window.show_more_lm_bio = function() {  $.get('/lensmaster/ajax_lens_bio/automotive-gauges', function(html) { $('.lm_bio_con').html(html);  }); } })(jQuery);   1 Comment  Like 76  Pin It  Ranked #1,250 in Cars , #89,494 overall  Custom Automotive Gauges: A Hot Trend Automotive customization has been a market sector growing exponentially with no signs of slowing. Trade conventions such as SEMA ? the Specialty Equipment Manufacturers Association ? act as a showcase for everything custom that can be done to a vehicle including, in no small part, often overlooked items such as gauges. When one thinks of ?automotive gauges,? it normally does not conjure up visions of sexy, eye-catching elements, yet an entire market exists for catering to the hardcore enthusiast looking to go that extra mile with his or her car ? and, especially in the ?tuner? world, custom car gauges is where it's at. Contents at a Glance  Custom Gauges   Manufacturers of Automotive Gauges...   Classic Instruments   Exotic, Classic or Hot Rod   Custom Car Gauges   Custom Car Gauge Manufacturers More Contents at a Glance Custom Gauges Manufacturers of Automotive Gauges... Classic Instruments Exotic, Classic or Hot Rod Custom Car Gauges Custom Car Gauge Manufacturers New Guestbook Comments Less  Custom Gauges  Accessories   Aurora Instruments 5536 Assembled Oil Pressure Gauge - Pulsar Series - Green Face, Black Modern Needles, Black Bezels  Buy Now  Vintage Parts VPGB2 Five Gauge Bezel  Buy Now  Vintage Parts VPGB4 3 Port Gauge Bezel  Buy Now  Vintage Parts VPGB3 Dual Gauge Bezel  Buy Now  MUSTANG NEW VINTAGE USA GAUGES BLACK 1967 SERIES ELECTRONIC SPEEDOMETER COMPLETE ASSEMBLY 1967-1968  Buy Now Manufacturers of Automotive Gauges... So many choices! At the forefront of this car culture phenomenon is Aurora Instruments, offering everything from fuel level gauges to speedometers and seemingly everything in between, in mind-boggling configurations limited only by a customer's imagination. Call it what you will: Automotive gauges, custom gauges%u2026if it's a project that requires vital automotive statistics at a glance, Aurora carries it. The Designer Gauges category is populated with a selection of layouts and arrangements from the classic to the exotic, with such faces as the All-American Tan, All-American White, American Classic Black, American Classic Gold, Aurora Standard, Carbon Fiber, Carbon Fiber Blue, Carbon Fiber Red, Carbon Fiber Green, Carbon Fiber White, Carbon Fiber Yellow, Cobra Black, Cobra Blue, Cobra Brown, Cobra Grey, Cobra Red, Competition Black, Competition Black and Red, Competition Blue, Competition Grey, Competition White and many more. Beyond the nearly infinite myriad of designer gauges in the catalog, Aurora also offers gauge accessories such as bezels, cups and pods, face kits, style kits, metal faces, needles, sending units and sensors and trim rings. Often considered one of the most important elements of what is actually looked at from a driver's perspective - as well as being called the mirror of the car's soul - the instrument panel portrays a good deal of information to the individual behind the steering wheel. Taking this philosophy a step further, automotive enthusiasts seeking custom car gauges visualize their rides with tricked-out, highly stylized dashboards to match their equally extroverted exteriors. Manufacturers such as US Speedo also offers such products to this crowd with items such as the Aqua Edition Gauge Face Kit, the Daytona Edition Gauge, the Escalade Edition Gauge, the Stainless Steel Gauge, the Stealth Edition Gauge as well as a Speedometer Needle Kit and even Speedometer LED Bulb Kits. Classic Instruments   Exotic, Classic or Hot Rod Another reason many are turning to custom car gauges in their rides is to make their otherwise ordinary dash readouts more legible - a number of stock dash indicators are often dark and murky in visceral output, but with custom gauges, the ordinary can be turned into a vibrant, neon-esque red or blue or even brushed stainless statement. Further, aftermarket gauges are easy to read day or night. Looking for an even more exotic kick? Consider actinic white indiglo backlighting - as opposed to the often dim, yellow OEM output on many of today's vehicles - or lights that even change color on a whim. A plethora of catalog-oriented firms such as CARiD offer a wide selection of gauges that allow one's car to become an extension of his or her personality. In the end, custom automotive gauges fall into the melting pot of what makes all other customization products so appealing to the hardcore gearhead: The chance to make a ride truly unique. Custom Car Gauges Search on Amazon...  Custom Car Gauge Manufacturers Automotive Gauges Auto meter gauges for virtually any application. Thousands of designs and styles to pick from.  New Guestbook Comments Add Comment  Reply EnthoPharma  Mar 26, 2013 @ 5:30 pm | delete  Like this lens very much. Didn't quite realize the combinations one could have made when it comes to custom car gauges. Thanks.  Show All Comments 76 Like  by HotRodGuy Custom car gauges come in an assortment of shapes, styles and colors. This makes the ability to make a completely unique set of automotive gauges a ve... more 15 featured lenses Winner of 12 trophies ! Top lens  Chiropractic Care  Massage Therapy Feeling creative? Create a Lens! Explore related pages Steering Columns   Front Four Link Suspension Kits   Vintage Car Restoration Guide   Street Rod Interiors   Ernie Ball Guitar Strings  Musical instruments  Related Tags Automotive Gauges hotrods custom gauges custom car gauges custom auto gauges HotRodGuy more... TOS Originality Pact About Us SquidooHQ Charity Report Abuse Feedback  Bugs Subscribe Copyright  2013, Squidoo, LLC and respective copyright owners This page and all the pages on Squidoo generate income for lensmasters and charities based on affiliate relationships with our partners, including Amazon, Google, eBay and others. Have fun.    Notify me by email when new comments are added. Enter Your Name  to post as a vistor or Login Email Address: Post Comment Cancel 