 Blog / Events Calendar / Administration  Services / Today at Dean Profile / Visit Dean / Apply / Online Tour / Support Dean / Box Office Admissions Admissions Checklist Apply Online Request More Information Exploring Dean Getting Into Dean Costs and Financial Aid Academics International Students Part Time Programs Learning Support Student Life Athletics and Recreation For Parents and Family For Guidance Counselors For Teachers and Coaches About Dean Prospective Students President's Welcome Senior staff life at dean Get Social with Dean! successes at a glance our mission philosophy history trustees Visit Dean directions News Academics Prospective Students majors Academic Advising & Academic Opportunities Career Planning Learning Services academic calendar school of the arts school of dance school of business School of Liberal Arts and Sciences School of Continuing Studies catalogs Athletics Prospective Students football mens soccer womens soccer mens basketball womens basketball baseball softball golf mens lacrosse womens lacrosse facilities staff Sports Medicine athletics successes Summer Camps Student Life Prospective Students student activities residence life Health Services Counseling Services career services transferring from dean student conduct WGAO Power 88 bookstore B.U.I.L.D. Leadership Program Clubs & Organizations Intramurals and Recreation Alumni Commencement 2013 events news get involved giving benefits alumni contact Dean Families Dean Family Day Prospective Students giving to dean parents advisory council resources contact Home / ACADEMICS Prospective Students majors Academic Advising & Academic Opportunities Career Planning Learning Services academic calendar school of the arts school of dance school of business School of Liberal Arts and Sciences School of Continuing Studies catalogs Prospective Students The Bachelor of Arts in Arts and Entertainment Management Arts and Entertainment Management puts you on the cutting edge of culture. Talented arts and entertainment professionals are part of the synergy that creates and presents new art, benefits audiences around the world, brings life to communities, and assures a solid foundation for arts and entertainment organizations to succeed. Students who major in Arts and Entertainment Management have a passion for the arts, a focus on the creative artist and audience, and a strong commitment to helping arts and entertainment organizations fulfill their missions. Students majoring in Arts and Entertainment Management at Dean College will take courses in three key areas: Arts and Entertainment Management and Business : with an emphasis on vision, creativity, problem solving and planning, globalization, and technology, students understand the modern challenges behind the scenes at contemporary arts and entertainment operations and learn to guide an organization to a more secure future from the facility to finances, event production to marketing, human resources to legal issues. Concentrations in Multidisciplinary, Performing Arts, or Media Arts : for students interested in: performing arts; media, communications, and film; foundations and other arts service organizations; advocacy and policy-making organizations; historical and preservation associations; literary and publishing operations; music; and visual arts. Liberal Arts : humanities, social science, natural science, and math courses designed to prepare arts and entertainment managers not only for their career, but also to be full participants in todays complex global society. Arts and Entertainment Management majors at Dean will also complete one semester-long internship for a hands-on learning experience. Potential internship sites include: The Providence Performing Arts Center Trinity Repertory Company New Repertory Theatre Boston Ballet The Orpheum Theatre WGBH WBZ Fox 25 News Massachusetts Film Office Celebrity Series of Boston Massachusetts Cultural Council Danforth Museum Professional arts and entertainment managers directly contribute to the continued vitality of modern culture. People with degrees in Arts and Entertainment Management work as business managers, event producers, fund-raisers, promoters, and advocates. They provide arts and entertainment outreach to schools and communities. Basically, they make the Arts happen. Through the course of study in the Bachelors Degree in Arts and Entertainment Management, students will be provided an opportunity to learn how to:  understand the occupations, roles, responsibilities, professional bodies, business ethics, and legal responsibilities within the nonprofit and for-profit arts and entertainment industry.  discuss and advocate contemporary issues in the arts and entertainment world based on an articulated personal philosophy about the role of arts and entertainment in society.  effectively evaluate and understand the functions of planning, organizing, leading, staffing, and controlling within an arts or entertainment organization.  identify, interpret, and analyze accounting and financial information for nonprofit and for-profit organizations.  develop strategies to expand or improve operations.  demonstrate the knowledge and skills needed to develop and implement effective marketing and fund-raising plans.  write a variety of persuasive and informational business and journalistic documents.  identify and appreciate the issues and interests involved on all sides in negotiations, contracts, and agreements. Visit Dean Take an Online Tour Courses For more information about the courses you will take for this 4-year degree program, please click below: Course Sequence: Arts and Entertainment Management Dean College 99 Main Street Franklin, MA 02038 1.877.TRY.DEAN Contact Directions Employment Privacy Terms Site Map  Bachelor of Arts in Arts and Entertainment Management - Dean College  Dean College Bachelor of Arts in Arts and Entertainment Management, Dean College Bachelor of Arts in Arts and Entertainment Management,Bachelor of Arts in Arts and Entertainment Management courses at Dean College  Arts and Entertainment Management puts you on the cutting edge of culture.  