  The Phoenix Boston Portland Providence | WFNX Radio  Live Radio On Demand | About  Blogs Phlog On The Download Talking Politics Outside The Frame Laser Orgy All Blogs Editors' Picks Editors' Picks All Listings News News Features Politics Editorial Flashbacks Sports News Blog Cover Archive Music Find... Concerts Music Features Reviews Albums Music Blog Band Guide Movies Movie Features Movie Reviews Film Blog Contests Food + Drink Find... Restaurants Dining On The Cheap Bars and Drinking Arts & Entertainment Find... Theater Events Comedy Shows Readings Museums & Galleries Comedy Books Dance Theater Television Video Games Photos Horoscope Contests Puzzles Comics Failure Big Fat Whale Hoopleville IdiotBox The Best  1 2 3 4 5 6  Mrs. Warren goes to Washington Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren’s credentials, support, and savvy make her almost untouchable — and she knows it. BY DAVID S. BERNSTEIN The End: Boston Phoenix publishes final issue today Statement from publisher Stephen M. Mindich BY STEPHEN M. MINDICH Inside Whitey's head Boston’s most notorious gangster and one of America’s legendary bad guys BY PHOENIX STAFF BOOK EXCERPT: Just Don't Clip Anyone: First days as an informant Excerpt from "Whitey Bulger: America's Most Wanted Gangster." BY KEVIN CULLEN AND SHELLEY MURPHY BOOK EXCERPT: Wild West Broadway: Busing, the Bulger Brothers, Kevin White, and the Boston Globe Excerpt from "Whitey: The Life of America's Most Notorious Mob Boss" BY DICK LEHR AND GERARD O'NEILL Whitey's Southie: A tour of Bulger's haunts BY GEORGE HASSETT AND LIZA WEISSTUCH News An intimate look at New England’s most popular crustacean, the lobster: Its hopes, needs, values and future Inordinate claws: The ugliest fruit of the sea Mrs. Warren goes to Washington  Elizabeth Warren was the only senator on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) Committee, aside from the chair and ranking minority, to show up at last Thursday's hearing on indexing the minimum wage to inflation.   Fung WahTF  When federal transportation regulators declared Fung Wah buses a safety hazard on Feb. 25, no one who had ever taken the budget carrier could have been shocked in the least.   Freedom Watch: My Final Phoenix column  I have two indelible memories from my more than 40 years with The Boston Phoenix.   More: News | This Just In | Talking Politics | The Editorial Page Movies A date with Jane: Jane Powell remembers Fred Astaire, Elizabeth Taylor, Carmen Miranda, and more BUFFet dining: The 15th Boston Underground Film Festival  "Copraphagy" is a key word at this year's Boston Underground Film Festival at the Brattle.   Review: Ginger  Rosa  Sally Potter likes to mess around with form and narrative.   Underground cinema: The 12th Boston Turkish Film Festival  This year's Boston Turkish Film Festival includes works in which directors ponder the relationships between the secular and the religious, between men and women, and between destiny and identity.   More: Movies | Latest reviews | Film Culture | Showtimes Life Mother's Day Gifts 2012 Big Fat Whale Reside: At Home with Bertil Jean-Chronberg  Green home design is still building momentum, but it's not a new concept. Consider the Harvard Square home that Bertil Jean-Chronberg, GM and beverage director of South End hotspot the Beehive, shares with his wife, Tracy.   The Dow  Effects of the Dow's ups and downs.   Beervertisement!  Cold Alert System!   More: Life | Features | Comix | Moonsigns Music Rex Brown delivers the word on Pantera Solveig Says Hello: The French DJ/producer finally hits Boston  Third time's the charm for Martin Solveig.   Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra’s second program and Vladimir Jurowski returns to Boston  Benjamin Zander’s Philharmonic Youth Orchestra debuted at Symphony Hall last November with an especially impressive performance of Richard Strauss’s elaborately demanding autobiographical extravaganza, Ein Heldenleben (“A Hero’s Life”).   Wavves | Afraid of Heights  "I Can't Dream," the closer on Wavves' fourth studio album, opens in a drunken lo-fi stupor — Nathan Williams warbling bratty, tone-deaf nonsense over hissy acoustic power chords.   More: Music | CDs | Live reviews | New England music news Food At the Sinclair, good drinks and good music meet at last Row 34, where are you?  With the situation at the Seaport devolving rapidly into some kind of Epcot-style food court, there's zero shame in indulging a few good tears.   Buttermilk Fried Chicken at Estelle’s Southern Cuisine  In food-nerd circles, the question of authenticity is a loaded one.   DIY Drinking: House-made ingredients are raising the bar  "When I moved to Boston," UpStairs on the Square bar manager Augusto Lino explains, "it was uncommon for bars to have anything house-made beyond a large container of vodka filled with pineapple on the back bar."   More: Dining | Latest reviews | Find a restaurant Arts Mama knows best: the Huntington's feel-good A Raisin in the Sun Charles Jackson’s second act  F. Scott Fitzgerald claimed there were no second acts in American life.   Oates Gets her Goth On  Joyce Carol Oates has written in all manner of modes and genres — naturalistic fiction, suspense novels (under the pseudonyms Rosamond Smith and Lauren Kelly), plays, poetry, memoir, and essays.   Caitlin Corbett continues  "I'm Mrs. Abstract, but Elvis has it!" says Boston dance maker Caitlin Corbett.   More: Arts | Museums & Galleries | Books | Dance | Theater Rec Room Crossword: ''That's a Tough One'' Crossword: ''Nuclear Disasters''  Stuck in the middle with...ewww.   Crossword: ''What Is This?''  You tell me.   Crossword: ''Ob Course''  Getting a new start.   More: Rec Room | TV | Videogames | Ultimate lists | Puzzles  Most Popular The Current Issue Table of Contents Cover Archive Masthead | Authors | Contact us Blogs Where To Follow Me Talking Politics | March 24, 2013 at 11:09 AM Mo Takes His Turn March 21, 2013 at 12:59 PM [QA] KMFDM's Sascha Konietzko on art, Columbine and having balls On The Download | March 18, 2013 at 3:22 PM See this film series: The Belmont World Film Series @ Studio Cinema in Belmont Outside The Frame | March 18, 2013 at 11:00 AM See this film: This is Spinal Tap [with post-film talk by expert from Acoustical Society of America] @ the Coolidge March 17, 2013 at 12:00 PM More: Phlog | Music | Film | Books | Politics | Media | Election '08 | Free Speech | All Blogs   Copyright  2013 Phoenix Media/Communications Group. All Rights Reserved. Boston Phoenix Portland Phoenix Providence Phoenix STUFF Boston WFNX Radio MassWeb Printing About Us Masthead Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Work For Us Sitemap RSS Mobile Feedback  ADVERTISEMENT  