 Comedy An expression inducing laughter is comedy. It includes literary works, art, and theatrical or stage performances that amuse the audiences through humor. Play of words, irony, satire, practical jokes, wisecracks and epigrams are some ways of introducing humor to a discourse or work. Take a peek at these articles that offers a wide variety of humorous pieces such as puns, jokes, riddles, among other things bizarre! Rule of Three in Comedy Rules hold a very serious place in the world of comedy, and it is no laughing matter. The Rule of Three is one such rule which was followed by comedians in the olden days, as well as today. So, what is this Rule of Three, and how... List of Famous Comedians Here is a list of famous comedians who have made us laugh and contributed to the popular genre of comedy! Types of Comedy There are several types of comedy that are included under this popular genre in the movie and entertainment industry. Let's take a look at them in detail... How to Develop Comic Timing Comic timing is a gift which a person is born with. You can develop and polish this gift though, if you are planning to make a career as a comedian. How? Read this informative article to find out. Stand Up Comedy Tips Laugh and make people laugh! Is it so easy? Read this article and get some useful stand up comedy tips that you can use. Stand Up Jokes Looking for the best stand up jokes ever? Here's a small compilation of the funniest stand up jokes ever! The Conundrum That Is Russell Brand The British comedian is far from being definable; you either love him or hate him. Comedy Plays: Congreve and Restoration Comedy This article is written to introduce very special and important subset of great literature. It also introduces to Congravian comedy. Along Related Lines Funny Quotes and Sayings 96 Humor 41 Comedy Movies 30 Comedians 19 Sitcoms 12 Entertainment 12 You May Like Comic Books 15 Laughter 9 Dane Cook 2 Charlie Chaplin 2 Riddles 40 About Buzzle | Privacy Policy 2000-2012, 2013 Buzzle.com. All rights reserved. 