  Complete Automotive Service Home Services We Do It All Warranty Maintenance Avoid breakdowns Specials Car Owner Resources Dont Need Dealership End of new car warranty check-up Who works on my car Reviews Book Appointment News  Articles Contact us 301-258-2774 401 E. Diamond Ave., Gaithersburg, MD, 20877 Shop Hours: M-F 7:30 - 6:00  Quality car maintenance Service You Expect At Prices That Make Sense You wont find a more friendly and professional group of people than the Customer Service Team at Winkler Automotive. book your  appointment online our easy to use online appointment schedule is available 24 hours a day. Schedule your service appointment now. click here Fair friendly local service since 1982 winkler has been serving the area for over 30 year. listen to what our customers have to say click here  Schedule Service  Book Your Service Appointment Online   Click Here Specials & Coupons  New Coupons & Specials Every Week  Click Here Maryland's #1 Repair Shop  “Excellence In Customer Service Award”   read more Reviews & Testimonials  Listen To What Our Customers Are Saying...   read more MARYLANDS TOP-RATED AUTO SERVICE CENTER IS RIGHT HERE IN GAITHERSBURG Automotive Repair You Can Trust Enjoy the most experienced, honest and friendly automotive repair service center in the Gaithersburg area with Winkler Automotive. Offering complete 12 month, 12,000 mile auto repair warranty . Check out all of Winkler Automotives Specials - CLICK HERE Winkler Automotive offers complete auto repair and service for all makes and models, domestic and foreign . . . Ford, Chevy, Chrysler, Dodge, VW, Mercedes Benz, Chevrolet, BMW, Audi, Volvo, Saab, Lexus, Infiniti, Acura, Jaguar, Volkswagen, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda, Isuzu, Honda, Mitsubishi, Buick, Pontiac, Mercury, Lincoln, Cadillac, Jeep, GMC, Oldsmobile, Saturn, Subaru, Smart, Mini, Hyundai and others. Performing full maintenance and repair service on all makes and models, including European, American and Japanese cars, trucks, SUVs, vans and minivans, Winkler Automotive also accepts extended warranty work. The #1 Gaithersburg Area Automotive Repair Center Offering complete auto repair and servicing for your car, SUV, truck, van, minivan and luxury car . . . for Gaithersburg, Washington Grove, Derwood, Montgomery Village, Germantown, Redland, North Potomac, Rockville, Darnestown and beyond. Associations you can count on for dependable automobile service. Latest Specials See All Specials Summer Maintenance Package Spring A/C System Check The Works! 15% Off For Military  view all news Latest News  Aug 08, 2013 Are Modern Vehicles Maintenance Free? Aug 08, 2013 Water Pump Aug 08, 2013 Why Wheel Balancing and Tire Rotation Save You Money On Tires Jul 07, 2013 Alternative Fuel Vehicles In Gaithersburg Maryland Jul 07, 2013 Fuel Saving Tip: Alignment For Your Gaithersburg sedan,SUV,truck,minivan Jul 07, 2013 Differential Service At Winkler Automotive Service Center: Vive ala Difference Jul 07, 2013 Fall and Spring Checkup In Gaithersburg Jul 07, 2013 Charge It In Gaithersburg For Extended Battery Life Jun 06, 2013 Summer Safety Tips On The Road Jun 06, 2013 Questions To Ask Your Gaithersburg Service Advisor JOIN OUR EMAIL LIST TO RECEIVE COUPONS, TIPS  MORE! Do not modify the NAME value of any of the INPUT fieldsthe FORM action, or any of the hidden fields (eg. input type=hidden).These are all required for this form to function correctly. * Preferred Format: HTML Text First Name: Last Name: * Your Email Address: car_make: car_model: car_year: Email marketing by Interspire  Back to Top About us Winkler Automotive of Gaithersburg is an AAA approved and ASE certified auto repair shop now celebrating its 30th year. Since 1982, Winkler Automotive has been committed to providing the best, most honest and most reliable car care service in the area, offering customers complete satisfaction and one-stop shopping, as well as an alternative to expensive dealerships. Winkler Automotive performs maintenance and repair service on all makes and models, including European, American and Japanese cars, trucks, SUVs, vans and minivans, while extended warranty work is also accepted. Recent News  Articles Jun 28, 2013 Summer Safety Tips On The Road May 31, 2013 Safe Driving Tips For Prom  Graduation Teens May 22, 2013 5 Tips To Keeping Your Tires In Tip Top Shape See All News & Articles Find Us On Facebook Contact Us Winkler Automotive 401 E. Diamond Ave. Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Shop Hours: M-F 7:30 - 6:00 301-258-2774 info@winklerautomotive.com Send a message to George Winkler Click Here  Home Services Car Owner Resources Reviews Book Appointment News  Articles Contact us Winkler Automotive is proudly powered by WordPress Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS) More Car Repair WordPress Themes at TemplateMonster.com  