Search Images Maps Play YouTube News Gmail Drive More  My library | Help | Advanced Book Search | Sign in Advanced Book Search Books books.google.com - While countless books have been devoted to single roadside-culture and car-related subjects, none have addressed in one volume American pop cultures love affair with the automobile. But what is that love affair, if not an expanse of fond memories and compelling kitsch as vast as the nation itself? This... http://books.google.com/books/about/The_Big_Book_of_Car_Culture.html?id=fJ_qWhCZm04Cutm_source=gb-gplus-share The Big Book of Car Culture Get print book No eBook available Motorbooks Amazon.com BarnesNoble.com Books-A-Million IndieBound Find in a library All sellers  New! Get Textbooks on Google Play Rent and save from the worlds largest eBookstore. Read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone. Go to Google Play Now  The Big Book of Car Culture : The Armchair Guide to Automotive Americana James Hinckley , Jim Hinckley , Jon G. Robinson 0 Reviews http://books.google.com/books/about/The_Big_Book_of_Car_Culture.html?id=fJ_qWhCZm04C MotorBooks International , 2005 - Transportation - 320 pages While countless books have been devoted to single roadside-culture and car-related subjects, none have addressed in one volume American pop culture's love affair with the automobile. But what is that love affair, if not an expanse of fond memories and compelling kitsch as vast as the nation itself? This smorgasbord offers discriminating readers a tasty A-Z assortment of entries and accompanying images touching upon all the old chestnuts (Route 66, drive-in restaurants, filling stations, et al) as well as some edgier topics to appeal to younger generations interested in the seedier and/or more whimsical sides of roadside America (i.e, Earl Scheib, the Chicago entrepreneur who promised to paint any car for $99, or 1950s juvenile-delinquent hot rod films Preview this book  What people are saying - Write a review We haven't found any reviews in the usual places. Related books American Cars, 1946-1959: Every Model, Year by Year J. Kelly Flory Limited preview - 2008 Route 66 Backroads: Your Guide to Scenic Side Trips  Adventures from the ... Jim Hinckley Limited preview - 2008 Automobile Craig Cheetham No preview available - 2007 All related books  Selected pages Title Page Table of Contents Index References Contents Introduction 8 me Evolution of Automotive Essentials 46 The Ride 98 The Culture of the Road 200 Gasoline Alley 228 The Open Road 254 ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 376 316 Copyright Common terms and phrases advertising Airflow American car American Graffiti auto automobile automotive became began bridge built Burma-Shave Cadillac California car companies cars carhop century chassis Chevrolet Chrysler Chrysler Airflow companys concept construction Crosley customers decades diner drive drive-in drive-in theater Earl Scheib electric Elvis equipment featured ferry Ford front fuel gasoline gear glass Glidden Tour Highway System Howard Johnson industry Initially innovative introduced manufacturers Michigan miles per hour Model modern motel Motor motorcycle motorists movie neon offered opened operated option owner parking meters passenger Pennsylvania Turnpike Plattsmouth Bridge popular post card postwar power steering production promotion pump radio replaced restaurant result road roadside Rock City Route 66 seat signs speed station wagon tank theater tires traffic signals trailer truck Turnpike U.S. highway U.S. Highway system unique United V-8 engine vehicles wheels Wienermobile windshield wipers Woodward Woodward Avenue World References from web pages The Big Book of Car Culture: The Armchair Guide to ... The Big Book of Car Culture: The Armchair Guide to Automotive AmericanaThe Big ... The Big Book of Car Culture: The Armchair Guide to Automotive Americana ... item.rakuten.co.jp/ book/ 4967901/ jon g robinson libri - I Libri dellautore: Jon G Robinson ... The Big Book of Car Culture: The Armchair Guide to Automotive Americana  The Big Book of Car Culture: The Armchair Guide to Automotive Americana ... www.libreriauniversitaria.it/ books-author_jon+g+robinson-jon+g+robinson.htm About the author (2005) Jim Hinckley has contributed to a wide variety of periodicals, including Route 66, American Road, and others. He is the author of Backroads of Arizona, and Route 66 Backroads. He lives in Kingman, Arizona. Bibliographic information Title The Big Book of Car Culture: The Armchair Guide to Automotive Americana Authors James Hinckley , Jim Hinckley , Jon G. Robinson Edition illustrated Publisher MotorBooks International, 2005 ISBN 0760319650, 9780760319659 Length 320 pages Subjects Transportation  Automotive  Pictorial Transportation / Automotive / Pictorial Export Citation BiBTeX EndNote RefMan About Google Books - Privacy Policy - TermsofService - Blog - Information for Publishers - Report an issue - Help - Sitemap - GoogleHome 2012 Google