 A Guide To Installations And Services HOME USAREUR USAFE US NAVY KAISERSLAUTERN MC LINKS ADVERTISE SERVICES/INFO: Installation Services A-Z AAFES (Army Air Force Exchange Service) AFN (American Forces Network, Europe) APO (Military Postal Service) DeCA (Defense Commissary Agency) DoDDS (Department of Defense Dependents Schools) Family and Single Airman Support Heidelberg Health Center Navy MWR NEX (Navy Exchange) POV License & Registration, Germany TRICARE (Military Health Care) Information A-Z Banks/Credit Unions Buying a Car Higher Education Italian Visa Law Mobile Telephone Service Overseas Passports in Germany Radio  TV in Germany Telephone  Internet Service in Germany Heidelberg Health Center Working in Germany Travel 48 Hours - What to See and Do in Paris, London and Rome Edelweiss Lodge SatoTravel Tour Normandy - Battle Sites and Other Places to Visit Business Directory Automotive Sales Car Rental Hotels, Hostels, B Insurance DoD Contractors/ ID Card Holders - Business & Employment Advice Moving/Shipping/ Storage Services Telephone, Internet  Satellite TV Services Real Estate Services Pet Shipping Shopping Living in Germany  Please Choose a Tab Army  Air Force Navy BUYING A CAR - Army  Air Force Military personnel stationed in Europe have an opportunity to buy a new car at a substantial price advantage. No local taxes are due when you are located outside of the United States, and, if you are eligible, the military will ship it back to the states without charge. In order to take advantage of this enviable program you must be US Military, a DOD Civilian ID Card holder or a member of a US diplomatic mission stationed outside the USA at the time you place your order. There are a number of dealers over here that do business with the military, and they are located conveniently for many. Many of the dealers sell exclusively to the military. There are also many car dealerships on the economy that offer new US specifications cars as well as cars with Euopean specifications. Used cars, both with European and US specifications are also available through local dealerships. Volvo Cars Military Sales is one of the manufacturers that offer a host of enviable savings and benefits for people staying overseas. Other manufacturers that offer an extremely convenient purchase, supported by professional agents are Jaguar and Land Rover . You will find their outlets close to most US military bases in Europe; it is worthwhile checking out their factory direct prices and tailor made offers for US military personnel. Auto Exchange exclusively represents some of the best selling automobiles presently being sold in the stateside market. It currently represents, Volkswagen, Toyota, Audi and other brands, offering tax-free vehicles with US specifications at locations in Germany, Italy and the UK. Exchange New Car Sales (ENCS) ) is the only on-base, factory-authorized distributor set up to sell American made vehicles to military personnel stationed outside the continental United States. Usually located at the PX/BX, it handles Ford and Chrysler poducts, plus Harley-Davidson and Buell motorcycles. BMW Military Sales Program is set up in many military communities to offer not only BMWs but also Minis with US specifications. They also have a website with inventory available directly from BMW. Cars International of Stuttgart offers a full line of Porsches as well as BMW and MINI. These dealers do everything they can to make sure your purchase is hassle-free. You can expect help in the registration, financing and insurance. Without the dealerﾃピ help you would have to arrange for proof of insurance and proof of ownership and handle the registration yourself. There is a wide variety of financing options. Some dealers have their own factory direct financing programs. There are also the banks and credit unions of the military banking system , and you might want to finance the car through your hometown bank. Depending on the price, loan terms can range from 24 to 60 months. The best interest rates are offered when a 20 percent down payment is made. Dealers can give you good advice on this. And they can help with the insurance. All persons registering a car with the U.S. Forces must have a policy recognized by the host country authorities. For example, German law requires minimum coverage of 7,500,000 Euro for personal injury; 1,000,000 Euro for property damage; and 50,000 Euro for damages other than personal injury or property. You prove that you are insured through the presentation of an Insurance Confirmation Card (ICC). This document will differ depending on the country in which you locate. Only insurance companies that can provide proof of insurance documents required by the national authorities can sell the insurance that enables the registration of a car by the military in Europe. Companies providing such service include GEICO , which you can reach toll free in Germany at 0800-100-8687. From other European countries call 0049-631-41463100. The United Services Automobile Association (USAA) provides competitively priced auto, property and life insurance, as well as banking, investment and financial planning services. You can call them from land lines in Europe at 00-800-830-72690, or visit their website at www.usaa.com . Mirascon Insurance Solution offers car and motorcycle insurance to NATO military personnel and members. They have fourteen locations in Germany. Call them at 0800 - MIRASCON. On the web at www.mirascon.com . There is a great variation in the premiums paid for insurance. Beginning drivers pay more than experienced drivers; those driving big, powerful cars pay more than those with more modest vehicles; those living in urban areas pay more than those in rural areas, and those who have been found liable in accidents pay more than those who haven't. There is no requirement for a driver to have any but third party liability insurance, but others kinds are available and sometimes advisable. There is full comprehensive, covering all damages or injuries done to your own car, another car or a person or object. There is also partial coverage for fire, theft and other sorts of damage (from break-ins, shattered glass, animals, etc.), and coverages for the death or disability of a passenger. Such policies often have deductibles, meaning you must swallow the cost up to a certain upper limit. These make the insurance less costly. Many of the dealers (but not the on-base Exchange New Car Service) take trade ins and handle used cars. These can be a good value if you shop carefully. The dealers normally offer some sort of limited guarantee. Some banks, and even some dealers, may finance used cars, but this is not as easy as with new cars. Factors such as mileage, age and value are involved. All of the dealers mentioned offer cars with US specifications. And these are very important if you intend to ship your car back to the states. Many American states have tough laws. The primary concern is low emissions but there may well also be different standards for bumpers, windshields and even headlights. BACK TO TOP BUYING A CAR - US Navy Military personnel stationed or deployed outside CONUS can take advantage of a number of special programs to buy a new car. Navy personnel stationed or deployed outside the USA have an opportunity to buy new US specification cars at a substantial price advantage. In most cases no local taxes are due, and, if you are eligible, the military will ship it back to the states without charge. There are also programs that allow a buyer to purchase a car and have it waiting for them in the USA after their deployment. There are a number of dealers that do business with the military, and they are located conveniently for many. There are a wide variety of financing options. Some dealers have their own factory direct financing programs. There are also the banks and credit unions of the military banking system, and you might want to finance the car through your hometown bank. If you are deployed or underway on a ship in international waters, or on PCS orders at an overseas installation, you can take advantage of a military-only new-car-buying program from Navy AutoSource , the official Ships Stores new car program, and its affiliate, Exchange New Car Sales selling through Navy Exchanges overseas. Makes offered are Chrysler, Ford, Harley-Davidson and Buell . Volvo Cars Military Sales has sales agents serving the military at or near Bahrain, Guam, Okinawa, Yokosuka, Rota, Naples, Souda Bay and Incirlik, Turkey. All Military Agents can help make insurance a trouble free experience. Persons registering a car with the U.S. Forces must have a liability policy recognized by the host country authorities. You prove that you are insured through the presentation of an Insurance Confirmation Card (ICC), which will differ depending on the country in which you locate. Only insurance companies that can provide proof of insurance documents required by the national authorities can sell the insurance that enables the registration of a car by the military overseas. Others kinds of insurance are also available and sometimes advisable. There is full comprehensive, covering all damages or injuries done to your own car, another car or a person or object. There is also partial coverage for fire, theft and other sorts of damage (from break-ins, shattered glass, animals, etc.), and coverage for the death or disability of a passenger. Such policies often have deductibles, meaning you must swallow the cost up to a certain upper limit. These make the insurance less costly. If you intend to ship your car back to the states it is important that you get one with American specifications. Some states have tough laws. The primary concern is low emissions but there may well also be different standards for bumpers, windshields and even headlights. Some dealers take trade ins and handle used cars. These can be a good value if you shop carefully. BACK TO TOP BUYING A CAR - KMCMilitary personnel stationed in the KMC, as well as throughout Europe, have an opportunity to buy a new car at a substantial price advantage. No local taxes are due when you are located outside of the Continental United States, and, if you are eligible, the military will ship it back to the states without charge.In order to take advantage of this program you must be US Military, a DOD Civilian ID Card holder or a member of a US diplomatic mission stationed outside Continental USA at the time you place your order.There are a number of dealers that do business with the military, and they are located conveniently for many. Many of the dealers sell exclusively to military customers. There are also car dealerships on the economy that offer new US specification cars as well as cars with European specifications. Many of the local dealers also offer repair and warranty service on both European and US makes and models.Used cars, both with European and US specifications are also available through local dealerships.Dealers try to do everything they can to make your purchase hassle-free. You can expect help in the registration, financing and insurance. Without the dealer's help you would have to arrange for proof of insurance and proof of ownership and handle the registration yourself.There are a wide variety of financing options. Some dealers have their own factory direct financing programs. There are also the banks and credit unions of the military banking system over here, and you even might want to finance the car through your hometown bank. Service Credit Union and the Community Bank both have offices in the KMC. (Phone numbers for local branches are in the phone listings of this Gateway Guide.) Depending on the price, financing can range from 24 to 60 months. The best interest rates are offered when a 20 percent down payment is made. Dealers can give you good advice on this.Insurance is required. All U.S. Forces members registering a car with the U.S. Forces must have a policy recognized by the host country authorities. German law requires minimum coverage of 2,500,000/7,500,000 Euro for personal injury; 500,000 Euro for property damage; and 100,000 Euro for damages other than personal injury or property.You prove that you are insured through the presentation of an Insurance Confirmation Card (ICC). Only insurance companies that can provide an ICC can sell the insurance that permits the registration of a car by the military in Europe.Companies providing such service include GEICO, which you can reach toll free in Germany at 0800-100-8687. From other European countries call 0049-631-3109583.The United States Automobile Association (USAA) also provides auto liability insurance in addition to a variety of other services. It also offers health, property and life insurance, banking services, investment counselling and financial planning. You can call them from land lines in Europe at 00800-824-09250, or visit their website at www.usaa.com.Another car insurance broker with a presence in the KMC is Mirascon (tel: 0800-mirascon). You can visit their website at www.mirascon.de.AIU provides auto insurance at competitive prices. Their agents are conveniently located near all military installations. You can call them in Germany at 069-97113-0 or visit their website at www.aigeurope.com.There is a great variation in the premiums paid for insurance. Beginning drivers pay more than experienced drivers; those driving big, powerful cars pay more than those with more modest vehicles; those living in urban areas pay more than those in rural areas, and those who have been found liable in accidents pay more than those who haven't.There is no requirement for a driver to have any but third party liability insurance, but others kinds are available and sometimes advisable. There is full comprehensive, covering all damages or injuries done to your own car, another car or a person or object. There is also partial coverage for fire, theft and other sorts of damage (from break-ins, shattered glass, animals, etc.), and policies covering the death or disability of a passenger. Such policies often have deductibles, meaning you must swallow the cost up to a certain upper limit. These make the insurance less costly.Many of the dealers (but not the Exchange New Car Sales) take trade ins and handle used cars. These can be a good value if you shop carefully. The dealers normally offer some sort of limited guarantee. Some banks, and even some dealers, may finance used cars, but this is not as easy as with a new cars. Factors such as mileage, age and value are involved.BACK TO TOPRESOURCESCar Dealers in the areaAuto Exchange - New and used car sales. Audi, Honda, Toyota and Volkswagen, Mazda, Nissan/Infiniti, KIA, Polaris, Victory Motorcycles. Kaiserslautern - tel: 0631-351870; Ramstein - 06371-598860. Web - www.autoexchangeonline.comAutohaus Ecker - New and used car sales and service. Honda and Acura service. Hauptstuhl - tel: 06372-4607Autohaus Gebert - New and used car sales and service. US warranty repair. Volkswagen and Audi. Kindsbach - tel: 06371-80080Autozentrum Schwindt - New and used car sales and service. US warranty service. Volvo, Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep, Honda. Homburg - tel: 06841-922480Capitol Motors - New car sales. Jaguar and Land Rover. Kaiserslautern-Einsiedlerhof - tel: 0631-3406811Cars International - New car sales. Porsche. Stuttgart - tel: 0711-91127312. Web - www.cars-intl.comTorpedo Mercedes - New and used car sales and service (US spec Mercedes also). Ramstein tel: 06371-613290, Landstuhl tel: 06371-9369 15/19. web - www.mercedesmilitarysales.comOnline resourcesVolvo Cars Military Sales - also handles Jaguar and Land Rover cars. You can go directly to your nearest dealer, or "tailor make" a Volvo on line at their website, www.volvocars.com/militarysalesExchange New Car Sales -Offers all new, Ford and Chrysler models on base. For more information on the models or dealerships: www.encs.comBMW MILITARY SALES PROGRAM - also handles Mini cars. For more information on the models and dealers: www.bmw-military-sales.com, www.mini-military-sales.comSAAB Diplomatic and Military Delivery Program - for more information: www.saab.com/militarysales Home  USAREUR  USAFE  US NAVY  KAISERSLAUTERN MC  Contact  Advertise  Disclaimer 2012 Copyright Chuck Emerson Media Services. Website by Gear Brand 