 Skip to content Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automobilemag.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x My Profile Logout New Cars New Car Research Car Prices Rebates Compare Cost of Ownership Warranties Get a Quote Used Cars Used Car Research Used Cars For Sale Certified Vehicles Resale Values Car Recalls Car Reviews New Car Reviews Magazine Features Road Tests Four Seasons Car Tests Auto Shows Editorial Columns Future Cars Rumors Rumor Central Car News Forums Videos / Photos Photos Car Videos Tools / Tips Green Car Guide Car Specifications Car Insurance Car Leasing Auto Dealers Auto Loan Tips Editorial Staff Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Zinio Digital Edition iMag for iPad Customer Service Give a Gift   Home  Rumors  Honda Will Debut 2013 Accord Coupe Concept at Detroit Auto Show Honda Will Debut 2013 Accord Coupe Concept at Detroit Auto Show  9 New stories published within the last 24 hours Ben Timmins [ G+ ] December 12, 2011 3 photos Add another important concept to the list of debuts at next month’s Detroit Auto Show : Honda has announced that it will debut the 2013 Honda Accord Coupe concept at the North American International Auto Show in January. As for what we know for sure about the concept, we know that it’ll have two doors…and that’s about it. Honda is predictably tight-lipped on the new concept. What we can predict, however, is that the Coupe Concept is the first in a line of Honda Accord concepts we’ll see in the future, culminating with a new Accord production model. It’s about time: the current generation of Accord has been sold since 2008. That might not seem like a lot of time, but the past few years have seen some stiff competition. The Accord must compete against the usual suspects in the form of the Toyota Camry, Nissan Altima, and Ford Fusion, but also fend off fights by the Hyundai Sonata/Kia Optima. It must also deal with the emerging Volkswagen Passat, the new Chevrolet Malibu , and the dark horse of the mid-size sales market, the Chrysler 200/Dodge Avenger. Keep in mind the Accord came in fifth place among these competitors last month, and all but the Altima have been recently updated or will be soon. We’ll begin to see just where the storied Accord nameplate is headed when the Coupe Concept bows in just a few weeks. Stay with Automobile Magazine for all the latest news surrounding the 2012 Detroit auto show. Source: Honda More on this Car: Specs, Compare, Safety, Pricing, Reviews, Classifieds, Photos, Warranty Tags: Auto News , Coupe , Detroit Auto Show , Honda  Next Article: Ferrari Creates F1-Inspired 599HGTE 60F1 Package See all 3 photos Related Stories Next-Gen Honda Accord Snapped with Exposed Roofline Nearly Ready: Pair of 2013 Honda Accords Caught Desert Testing Does the Honda Concept C Give Sneak Peek of Future Accord? Detroit 2012: Honda Accord Coupe Concept Previews The 2013 Accord  Logout Profile Log in or Register to comment  Automobilemag on Instagram    Automobile Magazine Source Interlink Media All rights reserved. HALWBBLG2 Magazine About Us Contact Us Terms of Use Mobile Privacy Policy User Submitted Content Articles Editors Notebook Auto News Car Awards Collectible Classics Auto Racing Auto Shows Detroit Chicago Geneva New York Los Angeles Tools Reprints Site Map RSS Feeds Advertise with Us Ad Choices   