 Skip to main content ﻿ TRW ABOUT TRW Global Locations mp_trans_add="PL"   Kariera  Please select language 简体中文 Français Deutsch Italiano Polski Português 日本語 COGNITIVE SAFETY INTEGRATION Integrating safety systems together with our electronics and sensing capabilities, TRW creates intelligent systems that help keep pedestrians, drivers and passengers safer.  Delivering the safety everyone deserves. Driver Assist Systems Integrated Safety Systems .....More  ELECTRONICS Electronics is increasingly important to vehicle safety.  TRW is an expert in electronics, drawing on knowledge in every element of safety to deliver the latest stand alone and integrated technologies.  Smarter cars are safer cars. Integrated Electronics Safety Electronics Radio Frequency Systems Sensor Technologies .....More  STEERING As a leading developer of all major steering technologies, TRW provides systems that enhance vehicle control, increase fuel savings and improve performance precision.  Leading the way in steering feel. Steering Suspension Transmission Pumps .....More  BRAKING As the world leader in foundation brake systems and a pioneer in electronic braking, TRW continues to develop innovative systems that deliver advanced functionality and performance excellence, to meet and exceed fuel economy standards globally while helping to stop vehicles more efficiently. Slip Control Systems Foundation Brakes Electric Park Brake Actuation Hybrid Systems Integrated Brake Control .....More  OCCUPANT SAFETY TRW is continually developing advanced solutions to anticipate and react to the many variables of a crash. Sophisticated systems utilize an array of electronic sensors to gather and analyze data, enabling intelligent control units to determine how to protect drivers and passengers. Helping to protect all road users. Airbags Seat Belts Steering Wheels Inflators .....More  OTHER BUSINESSES TRW offers a range of products and services complementing its focus on safety.  Leaders in their own fields, TRW’s other businesses are supporting a wide range of customers and markets. Aftermarket Body Control Systems Commercial Steering Engine Components Eng. Fasteners  Components Transmission Pumps TRW Conekt     Previous Pause Next Advanced Thinking Our advanced technologies help keep people safer by making vehicles smarter. From sophisticated driver assist systems to adaptive occupant safety technologies, we are pioneering safety.    Smart Thinking Smart thinking is all about affordability. We believe in providing the safety everyone deserves. Through integration, modularity,scalability and cost optimisation, we want to provide improved value.    Green Thinking We offer a range of fuel efficient systems: From electric steering, integrated systems and regenerative braking solutions through to the use of lightweight and green materials.     Protecting People We focus on making cars smarter to help keep people safer. We believe every car driver and road user has the right to be safe. TRW – the safety everyone deserves.     news TRW LATEST MEDIA CENTER INVESTOR RELATIONS TRW CAREERS TRW at IAA Motor Show 2013 TRW at IAA Motor Show 2013, September 10 - 22 External url: http://iaa2013.trw.com Promoting safety in China New safety videos External url: Two new videos informing consumers in China about why they should buckle up or buy a car with stability control have been created.   TRW at Auto Shanghai 2013, April 20-29 TRW at Auto Shanghai 2013, April 20-29 External url: http://autoshanghai2013.trw.com The 15th Auto Shanghai will take place from 20 – 29 April 2013 - with car makers and suppliers sharing their visions of future products for China. Meeting Euro NCAP rear seat safety requirements NCAP rear seat safety External url: TRW is ‘well-placed’ to deliver rear seat safety to meet the new, more stringent Euro NCAP scheme     Advanced occupant restraints for front, rear seats TRW at Airbag 2012 External url: Enhancing occupant protection: TRW touts frontal and side impact protection, plus rear seat safety, at Airbag 2012    TRW’s pedestrian detection system explained Pedestrian detection External url: Fusing sensory information from TRW’s 24 GHz AC100 radar and a scalable camera is the power behind pedestrian detection       Technology Information Tech Info /technology_information/electronics/Driver_Assist_System_Electronics Each of TRW's latest technologies are summarised in a single page tech sheet, available for download in the Media Center   Press Kits Press Kits /media_center/press_kits Download the latest presentations on automotive safety     News Releases News Releases http://trw.mediaroom.com/ An archive of TRW's news releases is available from the Media Center     Investor Information Investor Information http://ir.trw.com/stockquote.cfm Stock Performance Historic Stock Lookup Investment Calculator Financial Information Financial Information http://ir.trw.com/financials.cfm At a glance Annual Reports Quarterly Results  Events  Presentations Events  Presentations http://ir.trw.com/events.cfm Upcoming Events Recent Events Archived Events    Check out our career openings Current Student? Check out our intern and entry level openings in Engineering, Purchasing, Sales, and other areas.  /careers Job Search Job Search TRW thrives on a highly skilled, global and diverse workforce. We are passionate about helping to protect people. /careers About TRW Careers About TRW Careers Click here to learn more about TRW Careers. /careers/AboutTRW  About TRW The Safety Everyone DeservesTRW Automotive is the global leader in automotive safety.Among the worlds largest automotive suppliers and one of the top financial performers in the industry, TRW had 2012 sales of $16.4 billion. Learn more about about TRW Investor Relations Thank you for visiting the Investor Information section of our website. TRW Automotive ranks among the worlds largest and most diversified suppliers of automotive systems, modules and components to global vehicle manufacturers and related aftermarkets....... Learn more about investor relations Careers TRW thrives on a highly skilled, global and diverse workforce. We are passionate about helping to protect people through the application of the latest safety technologies. Learn more about careers Media Center We would like to keep you informed.We aim to provide you with as many resources as possible. Here youll find press releases, press kits, a multimedia gallery and a list of TRW Automotive contacts.If you cant find what youre looking for, please contact us.. Learn more about media Suppliers TRW Automotives global Purchasing organization is chartered with developing sustainable global competitive advantage for TRW and its suppliers.It is the policy of TRW Automotive to source key commodities and components on the basis of a cooperative relationship with its suppliers. The joint aim is to achieve total quality, and a lean supply chain, while achieving world class performance for our customers. Learn more about suppliers Contact Us As the name implies, TRW Automotive is a company focused on the automotive industry and the customers it serves. If you have an inquiry regarding any aspect of our automotive business or comments on the website, please click here.For TRWs global locations, click here.. Learn more about contact ABOUT TRW INVESTOR RELATIONS CAREERS MEDIA SUPPLIERS CONTACT SITEMAP TERMS OF USE © 2013 TRW [] 