   Home Rates Calculators Mortgages Mortgage Home Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Refinance Home Refinance Rates Home Equity Calculators Bank Accounts CD Rates Checking  Savings Money Market Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Credit Cards Credit Cards Home Best Credit Cards Calculators Insurance Insurance Home Current Rates Auto Auto Home Loan Rates Insurance Quotes Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Investments Investment Home Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Calculators Financial Planning Debt Management College Finance Taxes Calculators Personal Loans advertisement Print Subscribe auto Think of car maintenance cost when buying By Tara Baukus Mello â¢ Bankrate.com With owners keeping their cars longer than in the past, maintenance costs are playing a larger role in the car's overall cost long-term and should be factored in when making a new car purchase. For new car buyers who are looking to drive their autos for as long as possible, car maintenance costs can figure prominently into their decision-making process. Buyers who want to be able to trade their cars in after a few years also need to consider another large factor in ownership costs -- depreciation -- since a brand that has a higher resale value will help offset any additional maintenance costs . Recently, auto research website Edmunds.com looked at the car maintenance costs for the top 10 best-selling autos and found some surprising results. Repair/Maintenance Costs for Top 10 Best-Selling Vehicles Sales rank Make/Model Scheduled maintenance to 75K miles Scheduled maintenance to 100K miles 1 Toyota Camry $2,028 $2,821 2 Honda Accord $1,177 $1,520 3 Ford F-150 $1,102 $1,781 4 Honda Civic $1,163 $1,498 5 Toyota Corolla $2,008 $2,802 6 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 $1,369 $2,336 7 Nissan Altima $1,093 $1,490 8 Honda CR-V $973 $1,610 9 Chevrolet Impala $997 $1,740 10 Ford Fusion $1,294 $1,738 The Edmunds.com study looked at the national average costs for regularly scheduled car maintenance Â at 75,000 and 100,000 miles, or about 6.3 years and 8.3 years respectively, based on the average of 12,000 miles of driving annually. Of the 10 best-selling cars studied, costs ranged from $973 to $2,028 for 75,000 miles and $1,490 to $2,821 for 100,000 miles. Even with the wide range of costs, the dollar figures are still relatively low since cars are built to last these days and can easily exceed 100,000 miles without major repairs. While the two Toyotas on the top 10 list of best-selling vehicles, Camry and Corolla, took the first and second spots respectively as the highest cost to maintain to 75,000 miles as well as 100,000 miles, the Edmunds.com data dispelled the myth that import brands are more expensive to maintain than domestics. At both mileage marks, the imports and domestics were mixed. Among the five sedans on the list, the cheapest car to maintain to 75,000 miles was the Chevrolet Impala, with a cost of just $997 in regularly scheduled car maintenance. Yet costs go up for 100,000 miles with an estimated $1,740, ranking it sixth least expensive to maintain. Who cares how much it costs to maintain your car? You should. While today's cars can go 5,000 miles or more between regularly scheduled maintenance visits, it's a bad idea to stretch the time between car service visits to save a few dollars on car maintenance costs. Owners should always follow the manufacturer's car maintenance schedule to get maximum life out of their autos and to ensure the manufacturer can't void your new car warranty. This schedule is found only in the owner's manual for your car. To ensure you're not paying for maintenance you don't need, always compare your mechanic or dealer's recommendations to the items listed in the car maintenance schedule in your owner's manual. You can safely say no to any service that is not recommended by the manufacturer. Finally, make sure your receipt details each and every service that was performed to your car as well as the date and mileage on the car . Keeping these receipts will help you should you ever find yourself in a warranty claim situation with the manufacturer. It can also help your car sell quicker since it shows any future buyer how well you've taken proper care of your car. Ask the adviser If you have a car question, e-mail it to us at Driving for Dollars . Read more Driving for Dollars columns and Bankrate auto stories . Â  Bankrate's content, including the guidance of its advice-and-expert columns and this Web site, is intended only to assist you with financial decisions. The content is broad in scope and does not consider your personal financial situation. Bankrate recommends that you seek the advice of advisers who are fully aware of your individual circumstances before making any final decisions or implementing any financial strategy. Please remember that your use of this Web site is governed by Bankrate's Terms of Use . This week: Think of car maintenance cost when buying Are U.S. luxury carmakers offering free maintenance? Â  Create a news alert for "auto" advertisement Related Links: National auto loan rates for July 8, 2010 Free maintenance from domestic carmakers What factors affect car resale value? Related Articles: 6 car-shopping mistakes Certified cars offer peace of mind Saving on auto insurance Tara Baukus Mello is a freelance writer who has written about automotive topics of interest to consumers since 1995. Bankrate.com's corrections policy Posted: July 2, 2010 Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate's community sharing policy Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages thoughtful and constructive comments. We ask that you stay focused on the story topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, illegal contents and advertisement posts. Comments are not reviewed before they are posted. Bankrate reserves the right (but is not obligated) to edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use . Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. Connect with us  Compare Auto Rates  zip code:    product:  -- select -- 48 Mo New Car 60 Mo New Car 48 Mo Used Car 36 Mo Auto Refi   48 Mo New Car  average  2.43%   About our rates advertisement Most Read Kitchen remodeling ideas under $500 Phil Mickelson's home for sale Car-ownership costs by state Study: BMW drivers are the worst What 6 TV homes cost in real life Homes for every stage of life Dirt-cheap home for sale in Detroit 4 risky places to swipe debit card 6 surprises from health care reform No more Social Security at 62?  About this index Auto Averages  Product Rate +/- Last week 48 month used car loan 2.56% 2.57% 48 month new car loan 2.43% 2.45% 36 month used car loan 2.55% 2.57% 36 month new car loan 2.38% 2.40% View rates in your area: A little research could save you BIG on interest. Don't have time? Our rate-tracker tool saves you time and money. Delivered Thursdays. advertisement Partner Center advertisement By   Tara Baukus Mello  Cars  Â»   Honda supports car drive-ins   Honda's Project Drive-In is out to rescue drive-ins from closure as they are forced to switch to digital projection. View more Bankrate Blogs Â» advertisement About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Topics Newsletters Mobile Apps Understanding Bankrate's rate averages Â© 2013 Bankrate, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Disclosure: Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. 