 The Revolution is Within The courage to BE resides in the God who arrives when God disappears; the I that arrives when I disappears. Art and/or/vsEntertainment As a first step, perhaps one should be clear on the definitions of the two, before we can even begin to discuss them; Sorry, but there is a line in the sand that has to be drawn here. Entertainments job is to pass away the hours; art should make profound, eloquent and affecting statements about the human condition. I find it difficult to use entertain in the same sentence as, say, Tristan und Isolde or Hamlet or even Sweeney Todd.  Mitchell Kreiger. In simple terms, to me, art is a creative expression that stems from the heart and soul and breeds self exploration and self examination, whereas entertainment is just some shit we enjoy that takes us out of our heads for a moment.  Dave Navarro. Entertainment wants to give you what you want. Art wants to give you what you dont know you want.  David Cronenberg. In short: Entertainment is about Performance. Art is about Revelation. It is the difference between acting, and not-acting. If you study the process of some of the great actors of our time, the one thing they come down to, in essence, is getting to a point where you are no longer performing a role. You are not acting anymore. And that is the highest state an actor can reach. It is for this that method acting was even created, to finally reach this level. The interview with Dennis Hopper, where he speaks about James Deans non-acting acting, will shed light on this. See Video: I want to return to a clarification of the definition before I continue this exploration Entertainment is part of an evening  mini-golf, pizza, a movie, ice cream. Art is the evening  you generally have to make plans to see an art movie, and then you find somewhere to sit and discuss it afterward. Entertainment is terrified of losing you, and is willing to change itself to be more to your taste. Art doesnt give a fuck whether it loses you  if youre lost, thats your problem. Entertainment condescends to what it perceives as your level. Art assumes youre at a high level and wants to take you higher  it conascends. Entertainment wants to make you think youre thinking, but actually steers you toward its chosen conclusion. Art actually does make you think, and allows you to arrive at your own highly subjective conclusion. Entertainment generally isnt personal or obsessive or visionary. Art often is. If entertainment is unappealing, offensive, and hell to sit through, you just wasted your ticket money. If art is unappealing, offensive, and hell to sit throughmaybe you should see it again. - Martin Blank. But at this point we come to a fork on the road on distinguishing between that which poses to be art, and art itself. All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness.  Ernst Ludwig Kirchner. A sincere artist is not one who makes a faithful attempt to put on to canvas what is in front of him, but one who tries to create something which is, in itself, a living thing.  Giorgio Morandi. The role of the artist I now understood as that of revealing through the world-surfaces the implicit forms of the soul, and the great agent to assist the artist was the myth.  Joseph Campbell. Art is not about thinking something up. It is the opposite  getting something down.  Julia Cameron. All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.  Pablo Picasso. The serious revolutionary, like the serious artist, cant afford to lead a sentimental or self-deceiving life.  Adrienne Rich. Good art can not be immoral. By good art I mean art that bears true witness, I mean the art that is most precise.  Ezra Pound. Art is a kind of innate drive that seizes a human being and makes him its instrument. To perform this difficult office it is sometimes necessary for him to sacrifice happiness and everything that makes life worth living for the ordinary human being.  Carl Jung. - Whats the underlying message here? Im not arguing the different approaches to art, be it relativist, realist, or objectivist. If you look up Wikipedias definition of art, it mentions; The definition and evaluation of art has become especially problematic since the early 20th century. Richard Wollheim distinguishes three approaches: the Realist, whereby aesthetic quality is an absolute value independent of any human view; the Objectivist, whereby it is also an absolute value, but is dependent on general human experience; and the Relativist position, whereby it is not an absolute value, but depends on, and varies with, the human experience of different humans. An object may be characterized by the intentions, or lack thereof, of its creator, regardless of its apparent purpose. The message that keeps repeating over and over again is that art is that which is not created to make money or entertain  these arent its sole purpose. Sure, an artist may be commissioned, but his work is essentially a revelation of the soul. There is an honesty  an integrity  an oath to be true to himself. One is honorable in their art, they dont give it lipservice. It is this integrity that moves me, and why I feel the intensity of art is something that deserves due notice. In contrast to that, in most cases films are concieved with the intention of commercialism. That, is entertainment. It is like the Gladiator games held by Roman emperors. To keep the minds of the citizens dull and entertained by death and destruction so that they dont wonder about the state of their existence. Art does exactly the opposite. The distinction between art and entertainment is not hazy at all, even and especially when a piece of art is also made to entertain. It is a lot like the difference between people who have an internal bullshit-detector, and others who easily fall for a lie. But if they are hurt enough times, they also learn. Everyone learns there is bullshit, and there is truth, and its more about your receptivity in seeing the difference, than it is about opinion. Share this: StumbleUpon Facebook Digg Twitter Email Print Reddit Like this: Like Loading... ~ by revolutionwithin on October 28, 2009. Posted in 6 - Art Tags: 6 - Art , acting tips , art and entertainment , capitalism , commercialisation , commercialism , definition of art , Dennis Hopper , entertainment , ezra pound , how to act , James Dean , kreiger , martin blank , objective , objective vs subjective , objectivist , on acting , performance , picasso , realist , relativist , revelation , revolution , revolutionary , subjective , subjective vs objective , vs , What is Art? , what is entertainment , within Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:  Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website  You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( LogOut / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( LogOut / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( LogOut / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of follow-up comments via email.  Email Subscription Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 49 other followers  The Meaning of Life A Beautiful Story Beliefs Brahman Perennial Wisdom Awareness Dark Night of the Soul Enlightenment Emancipation Fairness in Life and Death Faith is Its Own Reward Fear Good Fortune Independence Let There Be Spaces No-Self is True-Self Oneness and Nothingness Paradox Path with Heart Samurai Stopping the World The Fall The Fire The Golden Rule The Heros Journey The Invitation The Key The Mother of All Riddles Truth Exists What Do You Know for a Fact? When Life Was Full Wisdom of the Wave What is the Meaning of Life? Is Utopia a Fairytale? Meditations FAQ on Meditation The Art of Witnessing Bliss Meditation Counting Breath Healing Meditation Loving-Kindness Meditation Meditation for Loneliness The Great Frames of Reference. The Practice of Self-Enquiry White Swan Meditation Generating the Deity Comical And Then the Fight Started Bridget Jones  Mr Darcy Chat Roulette Demotivational Posters Favourite Jokes Moral of the Story Sleep Talkin Man U.S Vs British Creative Works Mission Statement Dark Night Book Dark Night  A Short Film Sanity Catch  A Short Film Science: An Inquiry Axioms A Letter to Ken Wilber Does God Exist? Humanistic Science  Trancendent Experiences Science  Mysticism Self-Actualisation Politicized Science The Integral Vision The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat The Holographic Universe Quantum Astronomy Were All Connected What is a Paradigm-Shift? Spiritual Insight A Peak Experience Positive Thinking Makes You Crazy Let Go Bliss 7 Life-Transforming Spiritual Books Advaita or Non-Duality All Energy is Consciousness Shiva Insight Into Oneness The Birth of Tantra Tantric Sex  The Great Union Temple of the Goddess The Celestine Insights Buddhism Dhamma The Ten Perfections Hinduism Sri Yantra Wallpapers Suppose I Never Ask for Food The Opinions of Others The Universe is Alive! The Inner Temple An Enlightened Cow Dark Night Journal Empowerment  Verbal Abuse Formidable Quotes Giving Up Meat? Letting Go Loving  Hating Mans Search for Meaning Posted Secrets Spiritual Films Spiritual Sex Spiritual Stories Death and the Deathless The Cucumber Sage The Dalai Lama  the Master of Kung Fu Warrior Code Introspection Gorean Warrior Codes Martial Arts What is a Warrior? Wisdom of the Shaman The Problem with SL Gor The World of Kaos What Being a Slave Means to Me What is a Religious Man? Why Man Laughs Art  Entertainment The Dance The World is Made of Stories Follow Your Bliss Highly Recommended Books Impeccable Films Brilliant Short Films Exploring Ragas What is Art? Art Vs Entertainment Filmmaking  Paradigm Shifts Honest Storytelling On Screenwriting I Will Not Read Your Fucking The 10 Anti-Rules of Filmmaking Mediumship Music  Indian Masterstrokes Poetry If Twin Flame Writings The Immortal Bard Twilight and Kubla Khan Intuitive Writing Political Innuendo Be Careful What You Say Online Justice Broken Windows  The Crime Epidemic The Pursuit of Goodness How Racist Are You? Sedated in Our Homes Feminism  Humanism Social Control Dont Cheer Corruption Does Communism Exist? Utopia Vitality for a Better World The Possibility Magazine Certainty The Venus Project The Golden Number Pages About FavouriteLinks Blog at WordPress.com . The ChaoticSoul Theme .  Follow Follow The Revolution is Within Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 49 other followers Powered by WordPress.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this: 