 Search site Search classifieds Search Archives  Logout | Member Center Home News Business & Real Estate Environment Local Sports Obituaries Archives Photos Fishing Diving Keys Life On the Water Arts  Entertainment Food  Dining Home  Garden Green Solutions Keys Guide Upper Keys Attractions Middle Keys Attractions Lower Keys Attractions Key West Attractions Keys History Links Weather Hurricane Preparedness Opinions Columns Editorials Letters Classifieds Line Ads Display Ads Public Notices Contact Us Subscribe Past Issues  Current weather for Marathon, FL Click here for a Local Weather Forecast 81 Highlights Diving  Coral spawn's a great show Footage captures great white swimming above Key Largo's Duane REEF celebrates 20 years of educating the public What kind of sanctuary do we want? Diving museum gets some new armor Pickles Reef holds mysteries More Fishing  Mangroves abound during the summer in the backcountry Redbone Keys trilogy about to get going Try smaller lures for bigger dolphin High winds keeping many at the docks Dolphin action lights up Dolphin catches best in a.m. More Keys Life  An oasis is tucked away in Key West Missing the good old days of summer and key lime pies Shark-tagging trip comes up dry Study: Dolphins can imitate behavior Beer milkshakes? Of course! More News  Lane closures on Seven Mile Bridge Key Largo man gets $871,000 code fine slashed 44 trailers to be vacated for single-family homes Key Largo liveaboards beg to keep access Corps: Even if vote passes, dredging not guaranteed $50 fee coming for vomiting in taxis More Keys Guide  The Keys most treacherous reef is a scenic delight Tiny island holds a lot of history Paddling in the Keys a magic experience Kona Kai opens gardens for tours Keys hotels embrace 'green' 'Ultimate Guide to Florida Nature' More  Arts & Entertainment Key West Brewfest features up to 150 craft beers, including big labels like Sam Adams and tiny craft brewers from Florida. Start your Labor Day weekend early this year If youre one of those summer revelers who look forward every year to a long Labor Day Weekend, well Key West has the event designed for you. BrewFest kicks off Wednesday, Aug. 28 with beer tastings, dinners, pool parties and more straight through to Monday, Sept. 2. Posted: Friday, August 23, 2013 11:01 AM EDT Forest Whitaker: 'Brings the movie to life.' This history lesson worth re-living Lee Daniels The Butler, Rated PG-13, 132 min. Now playing nationwide. Based on a Washington Post article by Wil Haygood, this gripping and emotional movie tells the story of an African-American butler who served in the White House for more than 30 years, a tenure that lasted through eight U.S. presidents, from Harry Truman to Ronald Reagan. Posted: Friday, August 23, 2013 11:01 AM EDT Denzel Washington (left) and Mark Wahlberg save the often-ridiculous '2 Guns.' '2 Guns' is often too much "2 Guns." Rate R. 109 minutes. Playing nationwide. Starring Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg, "2 Guns" is another in a long line of action-comedy buddy-cop movies. And it follows the same generic plot line that throws together two characters who seem to have nothing in common but by the end of the film are best buddies. Less than a month ago, Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy gave us their version of the genre with the very funny "The Heat." Posted: Friday, August 09, 2013 11:00 AM EDT 'The Bee Gees: The Biography,' David N. Meyer. Da Capo. $27.50. 389 pages. Bee Gees bio is a 'Tragedy' The Bee Gees have been mocked before, after their made-in-Miami, chart-topping hits came to dominate popular music in the late 1970s. Posted: Friday, August 09, 2013 11:00 AM EDT It's always a fun time at the Dolphin Research Center on Grassy Key. Attractions offer discounts What's called the Florida Keys and Key West Museum and Attractions Weekend, providing free or value-added admission passes to participating museums and attractions in the island chain, is set for Aug. 23 to 25. Organized by WLRN, South Florida's National Public Radio affiliate, in partnership with the Monroe County Tourist Development Council, the program provides a cultural pass for South Florida residents and visitors to discover the history of the Keys by offering free- or reduced-admission incentives at more than 20 museums and attractions. Posted: Friday, August 09, 2013 11:00 AM EDT Grilled lobster just one of the lures for Key West's Lobsterfest, Aug. 8-11. A street fair with live bands, craft vendors and lots of food booths happens Saturday, Aug. 10. KEY WEST Savory tails mark 17th annual Lobsterfest The 17th annual Key West Lobsterfest, Aug. 8-11, serves up luscious lobster, a street fair, live music and plenty of chefs competing for bragging rights. Duval Street becomes the fair grounds in the 100 to 500 blocks on Saturday, Aug. 10, with food booths, cooking demonstrations, live bands and more. The event runs from noon to 11 p.m. Posted - Friday, August 02, 2013 11:01 AM EDT 1584 map showing La Florida. FLORIDA KEYS COUNCIL OF THE ARTS Keys history under Spanish rule explored The 3rd annual Florida Keys Maritime Heritage Symposium will held Saturday, Aug. 10, at the Westin Resort, 245 Front St., Key West. This year's program, titled Florida Keys 500, will focus on the Spanish colonial period in the Keys. Posted - Friday, August 02, 2013 11:01 AM EDT 'The Third Man' film reunited Orson Welles and Joseph Cotton in a movie long considered a film noir classic. BOOKS Filmaker's wit, tart appraisals enliven 'My Lunches with Orson' Orson Welles would enter the trendy Los Angeles restaurant Ma Maison through the kitchen, thus avoiding being seen arriving by wheelchair. His girth as wide as his talent, the director of 1941's "Citizen Kane" sat in a mammoth restaurant chair with his toy poodle, Kiki. Eager for almost any kind of work in the early 1980s, the one-time boy wonder behind the film regularly declared the greatest ever made had become a living symbol of how Hollywood could abandon its geniuses. Posted - Friday, August 02, 2013 11:01 AM EDT   Get the Deal!  Value: Discount: You Save:  Copyright  2013, Keynoter Publishing Company Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | About our ads | Copyright  