 Home Ideas Directory Classifieds About About Us Contact Subscribe Legal Curation Policy Privacy Policy FTC Statement Advertising Advertise Submit Guest Post Press Release Archives Archives by Date Archives by Topic Administrivia Biz Ops bizopy Books Commentary Featured Franchise Site Giveaways Guest Posts History Humor Ideas Interviews Inventions MLM Site News Profiles Submitted by a Member Uncategorized You Dont Say More Franchises Work at Home Recommended Services Business Opportunities Weblog  Subscribe How To Make Money Buying And Selling Used Cars And Trucks By Dane Carlson on May 5, 2003 in Uncategorized Home Based Business Opportunities : Today, with the average consumer now spending up to $16,400 for a new car , consumers realize the importance of investing in lower priced used cars. With millions of buyers entering the used vehicle market every year, a wealth of opportunities exists for anyone looking for extra-income, or a new and lucrative full-time career. The key to making a lot of money in this business, is to buy-low, and sell at a huge profit! This report will show you how to get started down your road to riches! The goal of many people is just to make a little extra income. If you consider $1,000 to $3,500 or more for a single sale in one month to be extra income, you could easily make that in your spare time without much effort. For more information and tips, check out the Automotive.com new car buyers tool . posts Business Opportunities Weblog editor and publisher Dane Carlson lives in the Sierra Nevada mountains of California, just 15 miles from Yosemite National Park. He accidentally became a professional blogger in 2001 . He has added 12,232 posts to the site. Another Idea: How to Start a Make-Up Artist Business http://www.auto-broker-magic.com/Used_Car_Aucti.html Used Car Josh I love cars and actually started selling them from a small warehouse almost 4 years ago. Became a very successful full-time business with alot of work. Nothing is easy. But there is opportunity out there to do something you really have an interest in and enjoy. http://www.dealyourcars.com www.DealYourCars.com If you buy and sell cars for profit, go to http://www.dealyourcars.com It is the only site dedicated to the individual who buys and sells cars for profit. Interact with others locally and nationwide about buying and selling. The site is completely free. http://the-car-flippers-companion.com/ Greg My name is Greg, and Im the owner of Good Vibes Auto Sales in L.A. Ive started, and online community for people interested in the business of buying, and reselling cars. The website is new, and in the works. Im answering questions for free, and asking people to come to the website, and post comments. Lets all help each other grow. Please come to the website, and contribute. Thanks, Greg http://the-car-flippers-companion.com/ http://www.keiresources.com Keith EArl Im tired of working for companies that lay me off or fire me for any reason. I finally want to make a road of success for myself. I started reading about buying and selling used cars online and because of my passion for great cars. I decided to start here.give me more info will ya..truely Keith E http://www.sell-cars-for-profit.com/ Maury If you guys are interested in buying, and selling cars for profit, how to get a used car dealer license, auto auctions, financing, car scams, police impound auctions, etc. check out http://www.sell-cars-for-profit.com/ . Almost all of the information is free, and very valuable. Matthew Groff I went to my first auction today, just to get an idea how they work. My mom and dad was with me because they are in need of another car,fast and cheap. There were a few cars that went very cheap! There was a few cars, that if I had the money with me, I would have bid on them! I am thinking about trying to make money by buying cars at auctions and then selling them for a profit. There are 2 ways to look at it. I could do as a business or do it as something on the side. Going the Business way, would require a lot of money,which I do not have! But I could start off as something on the side! That is what I will have to decide on! Matt vadem i want to learn more!! Matthew Groff Hello everyone! Just to let you know, My mom and dad, did buy a car at an auto-auction. But my mom was the one that made the buy. I started out doing the bidding for mom, then when the price got to a point I felt was too much, I stopped. But mom wanted to continue and she upped the bid, against my advice. Well we ended up winning the bidding war. We got the car. But it ended up being someones clunker, that needs a lot of work to get it inspected and back on the road. Now, mom and dad are still using my nephews car and his car needs work now. I like the car we got at the auction but it needs a lot of work to make it beautiful again and to get it back on the road. That takes money, money we do not have right now. http://www.drivingbusiness.us Tim Love this website! We are a team of two entrepreneurs, Daryl Wicker and Tim Neely, who live in Columbus, Ohio and who are best friends for over 10 years. We decided to learn how to make money buying and selling used cars, but we decided to go after the top of the market (exotic, expensive cars)even in bad economic times. Tim is the guy in the video on our website, and the guy who developed a system to make money buying and reselling exotic cars. Tim often drives a new one every few days. Tim loves to drive exotic cars, and developed this program where he buys luxury cars, drives them around, and sells them for considerable profit. Our friends said: Dudes, you need to sell this plan and show people how they can buy and sell cars like you do. for a decent profit (even in this lousy economy), so folks can drive the car of their dreamsand get a new dream car every few weeks or months. You can drive it around as your personal car, then sell it, and buy another dream car. We developed an e-Book which we sell for $149 which details our learning curve in this business. Like the previous poster has said, you CAN lose money in this business. We offer some great tips on how to be successful (some tips we learned the hard way) and hope you visit our website at http://www.drivingbusiness.us . http://idontve ibrahim uthman i am a small car dealer in africa looking someone that can trust me to do used car business with . The business is good here http://idontve ibrahim uthman Any interested person can contact me! my email: ibrahimawaisu@yahoo.com my mobile 2348022015599 http://trinitrade.co.nr TriniTrade I also do the same locally and use online services such as Trinidad cars for sale Anteneh Tsegaye My name is Anteneh Tsegaye . I have finished my BA in Marketing Management and i am ready to enter in to a used car dealer business.Here in Ethiopia used car business is growing in an parallel fashion.I am looking for a mutual business deal with any one interested. use my e-mail to contact me http://knkautollc.yolasite.com Kevin Hill Am A automotive car wholesaler looking to expand my services outside the U.S. I buy used vehicles for dealers in PA and now am looking to do business with dealers outside of the states. If you are interested, or no dealers who are. Please contact me at the email above. KNK AUTO LLC Okey Leonard Enyinna Im very much interested.Im currently based in West African country of Ivory Coast.My name is Okey Leonard and my e-mail is okey15@yahoo.co.uk Smsad contact me smsady@aol.com Im really serious Related Posts Related Ideas Related Directory Related Resources Today's Posts Related Posts Selling Cars on eBay Can Be Profitable Former Chrysler Dealer to Sell Indian Trucks Car Dealer-less Auto Sales How To Make Extra Cash Through eBay Buying A New Car This Holiday Season? Tesla Reimagining Auto Dealerships Selling a car on eBay Motors Careful Buying A Vitamin Website Web Site Aims To Help Women Seal Deal Man Builds Model Cars From Discarded Cans Related Ideas Make-Up Artist Business Ideas and Opportunities Used Cars Business Ideas and Opportunities Money Broker Business Ideas and Opportunities Money Order Business Ideas and Opportunities Home Business Consultant Business Ideas and Opportunities Consultant Time Management Business Ideas and Opportunities Time Management Consultant Business Ideas and Opportunities Time-Management Specialist Business Ideas and Opportunities Business Broker Business Ideas and Opportunities Business Consultant Business Ideas and Opportunities Related Businesses in the Directory Window Cleaning Bizop Growing Herbs for Profit Profitable Pet Sitting Growing Flowers for Profit Batteries Plus Wish You Were Here Scrapbooking Business Opportunity How to Start a Profitable Backyard Plant Nursery Tray Dispay Advertising Newbie Cash Machine Related Resources The Lazy Way To Buy And Sell Cars For Profit - 50% Commission Garage Sale Blueprint Video Course To Making Boat Loads Of Money! The Chattel Report How To Start, Grow And Run A Profitable Lawn Care Business Persuasion Profit Secrets Make Money Buying And Selling Gold Grow Your Business By Leveraging Your Expertise  Time Six Figure Business Credit - 60% Commissions, High Conversions The Be$t Kept $ecret$ Of A$$et Protection Revealed - Earn 75%! Passive Income Formula Revealed... Today's Posts The $20K House USPS Wants to Do Your Beer Run Aerosmith Drummer 창Crazy창 for Coffee Yes, I Live Next to a Raging Forest Fire Forget the Kids: Most Entrepreneurs are 40-year-old Cubicle Dwellers Search Home | About | Contact | Advertise | Classifieds | Ideas | Book Store 