 Browse Search Cart (0) More Interior Accessories For enhanced styling... Exterior Accessories For head-turning looks... Performance Parts For more horsepower... Automotive Lighting For safe driving... Wheels  Tires For a true identity... Auto Repair Parts For a do-it-yourself repair... Shopping Cart: $0.00 now in Your cart 0 items My Account Order Status Help Zone Easy Returns Contact Us Vehicle Hyundai Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevy Chrysler Citroen Dacia Daewoo Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford Freightliner GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati Mazda Mercedes Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Opel Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Renault Saab Saturn Scion Seat Skoda Smart Car Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Genesis Coupe Select Model Accent Azera Elantra Entourage Equus Excel Genesis Genesis Coupe Santa Fe Sonata Tiburon Tucson Veloster Veracruz XG Select Year Year 2013 2012 2011 2010 Product ALL PRODUCTS Genesis Coupe Accessories & Parts home :: hyundai accessories & parts :: hyundai genesis coupe accessories  parts 2013 2012 2011 2010 About Hyundai Genesis Coupe The Hyundai Genesis Coupe first premiered in 2009 as a sports coupe with a luxurious image. Thanks to the brand's improvement in quality, reasonable price tags, high-quality parts, and an industry-leading warranty, Hyundai has expanded its reach and now presents various models in more upscale segments than it has traditionally competed in. The luxury-minded Genesis Coupe is a good example. For its first generation, the Genesis Coupe is equipped with a base 2.0L turbocharged four-cylinder engine good for 210 horsepower and 223 pounds-per-foot of torque. A bolder 306 hp V6 can also be found in the lineup, and both engines are mated to a standard six-speed manual transmission with a five-speed automatic also available as an option. As for the model's dimensions, the Hyundai Genesis measures in with a wheelbase of 111 inches, a width of 73.4 inches, a height of 54.3 inches, and an overall length of 182.3 inches. A whopping seven trim levels are available for the Hyundai Genesis Coupe: 2.0T, 2.0T Premium, 2.0T Track, 2.0T R-Spec, 3.8, 3.8 Grand Touring, and 3.8 Track. Trim levels are named according to their engine (2.0L turbocharged four-cylinder and the 3.8L V6). The entry-level 2.0T is outfitted with such standard Hyundai parts as 18” alloy wheels, power accessories, cruise control, a leather-wrapped steering wheel, Bluetooth capability, a CD/MP3 audio system with iPod/USB connectivity, and steering-wheel mounted controls. Premium versions of the Genesis Coupe offer a power-driver's seat, keyless ignition, a sunroof, and an auto-dimming rearview mirror. The Track is the sports-performance variant and is geared up with Brembo brakes, a rear spoiler, a sport-tuned suspension, Xenon headlights, foglamps, a limited-slip differential, and red cloth seat inserts. R-Spec models take the Track even further in terms of performance, as it is designed to keep a lighter-weight feel and does not offer such ameinities and accessories as Bluetooth, automatic headlights, cruise control, and etc. The 3.8 Genesis Coupe trims receive fog lights, chrome fascia accents, automatic climate control, and black leather upholstery as standard. The Grand Touring piles on with rear parking sensors, xenon HID headlights, heated side mirrors, and a heated front seat. The 3.8 Track mirrors its 2.0T namesake in terms of equipment, with the main differences lying in the engine configuration. When it comes to safety, the Genesis Coupe is geared up with a sizeable amount of standard Hyundai parts and features including four-wheel antilock brakes, stability control, traction control, a depowered airbags, side airbags, and front airbags. Smooth style is the order of the day when it comes to the Genesis Coupe. Hyundai's passionate yet responsible sedan has etched itself a reputation for both sporty performance as well as luxurious comfort. It's easy to see why this ride has made such a fast impression. When the time comes for you to spring into action for a more personalized effect, CARiD offers the Hyundai Genesis Coupe accessories that get the job done right. Our selection of Hyundai Genesis Coupe Accessories and Parts features a host of tasty options for you to choose from. Grilles, spoilers, dash kits, and more are featured right here everyday at the lowest prices around. We depend on the most respected manufacturers in the game to make sure the level of quality in all of our Hyundai Genesis Coupe accessories and parts is without equal. That means comfort, durability, and a precise fit you can count on - no matter what. Whether you plan to improve your vehicle's performance or simply want to add some flare to its style, we store an exhaustive collection of accessories and parts designed specifically for your vehicle. Whatever product you choose, you are guaranteed to get nothing but the premium quality, unrivaled performance, and unique style. Understanding that your vehicle deserves only the top accessories and parts, we carefully handpicked each single item. And be sure all of them are manufactured by the most reputable companies in the industry, so the quality is beyond any doubts. If you still are not sure what product to choose, you are welcome to check 80 reviews with an average rating of 4.5 out of 5 stars, and define what accessory or part perfectly fits both your vehicle and your pocket. Featured Products E Classics® Polished Fine Mesh... Starting at: $237.34 $237.34 (1) Seibon® GT Style Rear Wing Spoiler Starting at: $510.00 $510.00 (6) Spyder® Black LED Tail Lights Starting at: $290.36 $290.36 (3) Lloyd® Ultimat™ Custom Fit... Starting at: $86.90 $86.90 (756) INJEN® SP Series Cold Air... Starting at: $349.60 $349.60 (5) Spyder® Black Halo Projector... Starting at: $391.00 $391.00 (1) Duraflex® Front Splitter Starting at: $79.20 $79.20 (4) MagnaFlow® Street Series Cat-Back... Starting at: $1,012.64 $1,012.64 (1) Putco® 15" LED Tailgate Mini Bar Starting at: $83.48 $83.48 (0) Hyundai Genesis Coupe News Aug 04 Hyundai Genesis Coupe Dramatic Facelift of 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe When Hyundai first presented the Genesis Coupe, it featured solid performance, proper rear-drive layout, and plenty of style. From then on, the Genesis Coupe is recognized as the old-fashioned model. Even though the bodywork is still eye-catching, it's now lacking the wow factor it used to have. According to Hyundai Motor America CEO John Krafcik, 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe will be given a more dramatic changeover. Its exterior will be restyled even more than the Sedan's, he stated at a launch event for the Genesis Sedan in Detroit. This restyling is a part of Hyundais mission to remain on top of automotive design. As per Krafcik, he wants to keep on delivering progressive attractive designs which will be inspiring, not a step back. While the Genesis Sedan received a new 8-speed automatic transmission and a more powerful V6 engine, the Coupe is expected to get the same engine, producing 333-hp. It is actually a good bump in power over the outgoing V-6 engine, that made 306-hp. Moreover, the Genesis Coupe will now top its six-cylinder pony-car rivals, such as Chevy Camaro offering 312-hp, Ford Mustang, and Dodge Challenger both carrying 305-hp sixes under their hoods. The 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe is getting the brands new Bluelink telematics system as well. Switch to the mobile version Full Site Copyright  2003-2013 CARiD.com. All rights reserved. About Us | Privacy Policy | Self Help | Contact Us Top 