  Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad Entertainment HOME Breaking Photos Video Crime Obituaries Weather Traffic Crosswords Sudoku Horoscopes Apps Local L.A. Now Politics Crime Education O.C. Westside Neighborhoods Environment Data & Maps Local Plus U.S. Politics Nation Now Politics Now Top of the Ticket Science Science Now Obituaries Religion World World Now Afghanistan war Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Business Money & Co. Technology Highway 1 Company Town Personal Finance Jobs Real Estate Cars Business Plus Sports Sports now Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels NFL Kings NHL/Ducks USC UCLA Preps Scores Entertainment Awards: The Envelope Movies TV Music Celebrity Arts & Culture Industry Critics' Picks Ent Plus Health Science Now Medicine Fitness & Nutrition Mental Health Health Reform Mind & Body Health Plus Style Home Food Fashion Books L.A. Affairs Comics Reader Photos Summer Guide Living Plus Travel SoCal California Mexico Hawaii Las Vegas Europe Asia Australia Travel & Deal Blog Travel Plus Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters Opinion L.A. Top of the Ticket Readers' Rep Shop Daily Deals Travel Offers Coupons Weekly Circulars Offers & Deals Sports Gear LA Times Product See More Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad  TRENDING NOW apple iphone Tiger Woods Yosemite fire keith olbermann Syria Miley Cyrus  Advanced Search Advanced Search X include all of these words: include any of these words: include this exact phrase: exclude: Select a date range this week past 30 days past 3 months past year Create a custom date range From: To:  CELEBRITY Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: The full-frontal-finger follow-up 'N Sync VMA reunion was Timberlake's idea, some wish it was longer VMA boos: Lady Gaga's were fake, One Direction's were real  Taylor Swift, Harry Styles pose for pic at VMA party. So what? By Nardine Saad Taylor Swift and her ex Harry Styles may have had a contentious time at MTV's Video Music Awards on Sunday, but you'd never know it based on a photo an Instagram user snapped at one of the show's after-parties. We knew this photo was trouble ... The "22" singer posed for the snapshot with her ex and her tourmate Ed Sheeran at a fete at the SoHo Grand Hotel Club Room. PHOTOS: Taylor Swift is never, ever getting back together with ... "Hosting the VMA after party @grandlifehotels With Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran  Harry Styles," DJ Spiky Phil said when he posted the photo, in which he also appears. Mind you, there are two whole people between Swifty and her One Direction ex-beau. While the immortalized moment looks innocuous enough, we're guessing the two were just wrangled into posing together rather than making headway on the Camp Pop Music Accords. We'd love to know what their exchange looked like before and after that picture was taken. Awkward much? The photo is surprising only because...  More...  Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: The full-frontal-finger follow-up By Christie D'Zurilla Is there anything left to say about Miley Cyrus at the VMAs? Besides, y'know, "Eeew," "Will someone please get that song out of my head" and "Where do I get one of those foam fingers for Halloween"? Probably not, but we're not letting that stop us. Celebrity reaction: Not much, unless you count Nick Cannon declaring, "Remind me to never let my kids into showbiz... Thanks," and Brooke Shields exclaiming on the "Today" show Monday that "I was Hannah Montana's mother. I don't approve. Where did I go wrong?" Oh yeah, she also described the performance as "a bit desperate." Media reaction: A mixture of "disgust and sadness," according to Show Tracker , including MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski saying, "That young lady, who is 20, is obviously deeply troubled, deeply disturbed." PHOTOS: MTV Video Music Awards | Show Highlights Parental reaction: Thanking God for so many blessings tonight. Continue to pray for world peace, tweeted Billy Ray Cyrus. More love ...less hate. Dunno 'bout you, Billy... More... Kate Upton: Cover girl to glamour girl   Model Kate Upton has taken the world by storm via social media, viral videos and landing the high-profile cover spot of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit in 2012 and then again in 2013. The 21-year-old is now dazzling in fashion magazines, on runways and on the red carpet. Lately, she's looking to lock in her star power by working on budding film career. Here's a look at what Upton's been up to. Los Angeles Times More... VMA boos: Lady Gaga's were fake, One Direction's were real By Nardine Saad Did you hear Lady Gaga and One Direction get booed at MTV's Video Music Awards on Sunday? For those tuning in from home, the boos may have been muffled by "woohoos" and audience cheers. But they were definitely there for both artists, although their authenticity was not. Lady Gaga opened the show with a wig-enhanced performance of her latest single, "Applause." The visual singer started off garbed in an extreme nun's habit, fulfilled several costume changes and didn't break her focus throughout her performance despite chiding from the audience. PHOTOS: MTV Video Music Awards | Show Highlights It turns out those boos you may or may not have heard were done "purposely," the singer verified Monday. "only @LadyGaga would purposely put booing in her performance hahah," one of her followers tweeted . To which she replied and retweeted, "That is correct." However, some of the evening's big winners were not so lucky, despite their global success. PHOTOS: MTV Video Music Awards | Arrivals One... More... 'N Sync VMA reunion was Timberlake's idea, some wish it was longer By Nardine Saad So dreams came true when former boy band 'N Sync reunited at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday. The throwback to millennium glory happened during former frontman Justin Timberlake's 15-minute medley performance for the annual Michael Jackson Video Vanguard award. "I don't deserve the award, but I'm not going to give it back," Timberlake said during his acceptance speech. "Half of the Moon Men I've ever won, I won with those four guys. So above all else, I'm going to share this  we can keep it at my house  but I'm going to share this award with them." PHOTOS: MTV Video Music Awards | Show Highlights JC Chasez, Lance Bass, Joey Fatone and Chris Kirkpatrick joined the "Suit  Tie" crooner for the first time in 11 years when they emerged from the stage floor in a spectacle of smoke to perform bits of their hits "Gone," "Girlfriend" and "Bye Bye Bye" for about two minutes. "It was just a matter of time," Chasez said Monday on On Air with Ryan Seacrest. Everybody would... More... Kate Gosselin sues Jon Gosselin over alleged hacking for tell-all By Christie D'Zurilla Kate Gosselin and Jon Gosselin just can't seem to disconnect from one another. Kate filed a federal lawsuit Monday against ex-husband Jon and the writer of a tell-all book, alleging that around the time of their 2009 separation her former hubby hacked into her password-protected email, bank and phone accounts and also stole from her house a hard drive containing personal information. In the suit, she said he then funneled the private info to Robert Hoffman, a tabloid journalist and pal of Jon's, who used it to pen "Kate Gosselin: How She Fooled the World." The book was pulled by major retailers such as Amazon a mere two days after it was released because the information in it was obtained illegally, the suit said. While demanding a jury trial, Kate is suing for four different categories of damages, attorney's fees and more. Hoffman, in an email interview with Radar Online late last year, said he had more information on hand, in addition to what was published in the book, and threatened... More... Rapper Fat Joe goes to federal prison in Miami for tax evasion By Nardine Saad Rapper Fat Joe turned himself in Monday to serve a four-month prison sentence stemming for tax evasion. The "Lean Back" rapper, whose real name is Joseph Cartagena, surrendered Monday, his attorney told Associated Press. The 42-year-old pleaded guilty in December after failing to pay income taxes in 2007 and 2008 on income that totaled more than $1 million. PHOTOS: Celebrity mug shots He is being held at the Federal Detention Center in Miami, according to TMZ, and will have to pay a $15,000 fine and serve an additional year under supervised release. He initially faced up to two years in prison for the crime. "I did everything I possibly can to correct the situation," the rapper told Fuse this month. "I paid them back. It wasn't entirely my fault. I had a new accountant for like the last four years. And then you could see that my accountant that worked for me for the 15 years prior to that always paid my stuff on time, always had it on time." Joe's attorney said that he was in...  More... Taylor Swift drops F-bomb at MTV VMAs as Harry Styles presents By Nardine Saad Taylor Swift obviously doesn't keep things to herself. The "I Knew You Were Trouble" singer dropped the F-bomb at MTV's Video Music Awards on Sunday when her ex-boyfriend Harry Styles and One Direction band member took the stage to present the night's first award for best pop video. The band rambled about being British and the best fans being in New York, where the show took place this year. That's when the audience camera cut to Swift. PHOTOS: MTV Video Music Awards | Show Highlights Swift, 23, who isn't shy about telling people how she really feels, was caught saying "shut the ... up" to bestie Selena Gomez, after Zayn Malik's part of the intro. Really mature. You'd think her own spotty history with this award show would have taught her a thing or two, but it seems that the "22" singer is just emboldened by the show's "anything can happen" vibe. Surprisingly enough, the band presented the award to pal Gomez, who took the stage and sweetly greeted the band as she accepted her... More... Alec Baldwin and wife Hilaria welcome 'perfect' baby girl By Christie D'Zurilla Alec Baldwin and his wife, Hilaria, welcomed a baby daughter Friday in New York, she announced on Twitter. "We are overjoyed to announce the birth of our daughter Carmen Gabriela. She is absolutely perfect," Hilaria wrote Friday evening. She followed up Saturday with thanks "for all the sweet congratulations and wishes! We are so happy with our little Carmen." The due date was toward the end of this month, though the yoga instructor's big baby bump had some speculating the little girl would arrive a bit early, the New York Post reported. PHOTOS: Hollywood baby boom Alec, 55, and Hilaria, 29, were married in July 2012. Carrying a bunch of bags, he arrived before her at the hospital, E! News reported. Half-sister Ireland Baldwin, Alec's 17-year-old daughter with Kim Basinger, took time to write an open letter titled "Happy Birthday" on her Tumblr account, offering advice to the newborn on the following topics: Remember that your parents will always love you; Walk away; Enjoy your... More... Top-earning models: Gisele Bundchen, Miranda Kerr, Adriana Lima By Nardine Saad Holy feathers and lingerie! Most of this year's highest-paid models happened to work for Victoria's Secret. Six of the 10 top earners either have Angel contracts with the brand or have appeared in the company's annual, scantily clad fashion show. So, basically, it pays to be pretty -- and nearly naked. According to the Forbes' annual list released this week, supermodel Gisele Bundchen was the highest-earning model of 2013, making a whopping $42 million from various contracts and ad campaigns. The Brazilian wife of NFL star Tom Brady has topped the list for her seventh consecutive year and brings home more dough than her quarterback husband, who makes a mere $38.3 million a year. PHOTOS: Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2012 The 33-year-old mother of two makes her money through endorsements and an ownership stake in the Brazilian footwear company Grendane. The former Angel's eco-friendly cosmetics company Sejaa also earns her a pretty penny, as do ad campaigns for Pantene, Oral-B and Sky... More... Hollywood Headlines: A week in review   A revealing interview, dangerous car fire, concert mishaps and much more.  More... Jennifer Love Hewitt: Pregnancy is 'crazy,' but she feels 'lucky' By Nardine Saad Jennifer Love Hewitt is back on Twitter and ready to talk pregnancy. "The Client List" star announced her pregnancy and subsequent engagement to costar Brian Hallisay in June. The curvy starlet then took a self-inflicted Twitter hiatus in early July after she received a lot of "negativity" following her big news. "Unfortunately with all the negativity people choose to send on twitter as well as threats to there own well being. I'm sad to say twitter is No longer for me. I have enjoyed all the kindness and love that came my way, as well as support. But this break is needed Life should be filled with positivity and holding each other up, not making threats and sending bad vibes. To those of you who made it a joy Thank you from the bottom of my heart," she said in a series of tweets. PHOTOS: Hollywood baby boom But now she's back online (and has been since Aug. 6) and she's out, about and ready to bask in her pregnancy glow. Proud to join @Pampers today to celebrate Love, Sleep  Play!...  More...  1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 Older Entries   div> 