 Angloinfo.com BERLIN Home Directory Information What's On Discussions Classifieds Blogs MyAngloINFO Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Berlin Information Transport Vehicle Ownership Buying A Car Login or Register  Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Buying a Car Buying a New Car Buying/Selling a Used Car Registering a Foreign Car Importing an EU Vehicle Non-EU Vehicle Imports Deregistering a Vehicle Vehicle Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Green Card Insurance Public Transport Air Travel Useful Contacts Transport News More News... show Essentials Emergency Numbers Public Holidays Maps Foreign Exchange Postcards Bookshop Weather show Useful Tools Advertising Franchising Online Translation Mobile Web Get Listed! Link To Us Tell A Friend More AngloINFO Worldwide AngloINFO Germany Featured Information Income Tax The responsibilities of the taxpayer in Germany: understand the German tax system and how it affects your income. Read more... Public Transport All about air, rail and road transportation options into, around and out of Germany. Read more... Useful Tools Link To Us Link your website to AngloINFO to allow your users to access reliable, relevant information quickly and easily. Read More... What's On Fleamarket at Arkonaplatz Fleamarket every Sunday from 10:00-16:00 at Arkonaplatz. A must for anyone interested in GDR memorabilia and 70's kitsch. Bus 143 or U-Bahn Station Bernauer... More Details Useful Tools Get Listed If your business or non-profit organisation is based within Berlin, you can list it in the Business Directory free of charge Read More... Log in to Add to Favourites Buying and Selling a Car Details on the vehicle registration documents and paperwork needed to buy or sell a car in Germany... New cars and used cars can be bought in Germany. Cars are sold through dealerships, or privately, with a transfer from one owner to another. This section features information on  buying a new car in Germany, as well as details on how to go about the private sale or purchase of a second-hand used car . Purchase Assistance ADAC ( Allgemeiner Deutscher Automobil-Club e. V. ) is the national German car club, which offers many vehicle services: Pre-purchase vehicle inspections, price guides, purchase contracts and preparation of a bill of sale Advice when buying a used car motorbike or camper van Information on selecting a car which uses an alternative fuel Advice on everyday issues such as using snow chains correctly or installing child seats Provides a breakdown and recovery service ADAC ( Allgemeiner Deutscher Automobil-Club e. V. )  Tel : 0180 5 10 11 12 VCD ( Verkehrsclub Deutschland ) is the German transport association and, while more environmentally aware than ADAC, it offers similar services.  Vehicle Ownership Buying a New Car  Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... Help Close Add to Favourites Close Featured Business Sprachsalon Berlin Language school offering German language courses, intensive, semi-intensive and one-to-one.... Read more... Margarita Gendelev Art of Massage Offering massage therapy: Swedish, Ayurveda, Indian Head, Honey, Prenatal, Anti-Cellulite, Deep... Read more... Expat Coaching Coaching and workshops for Internationals in Berlin: Help with German CV and job interview,... Read more... Postcards Cecilienhof View from the water of Cecilienhof - home to the Potsdam Conference More AngloINFO Postcards... Useful Tools Tell A Friend Have you found AngloINFO helpful? Why not tell your friends about it. If you don't use social media, you can find a simple email form here. Read More... Latest Blog Shaken & Stirred From the blog, Wilkommen Home I found myself this past month visiting a museum I had been avoiding unintentionally but maybe if I ... Read more Useful Tools Link To Us Link your website to AngloINFO to allow your users to access reliable, relevant information quickly and easily. Read More...  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Safe Internet Policy , Contact , Cookies , Mobile Site . AngloINFO Life in Berlin, in English! 2013-08-27 23:31:27 Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! 