 Unbiased Car Buying Tips  Tools from Automotive Experts Subscribe to RSS Home Used Cars New Cars eBay Auctions Car Loan Car Insurance Tips and Advice Search  Popular Articles (last 7 days) Top 3 Best Used SUVs With Third Row Seats Best 2013 3 Row SUVs with Good Gas Mileage Best 2013 Quietest Cars Best 2013 SUVs With 3rd Row Seating Best 2013 Quietest SUVs Top 5 MPG SUVs with 3rd Row Seat Best 2013 Crossover SUVs With 3rd Row Seating Best Tall People Cars How Much Does It Cost to Replace an Alternator? How Much Does it Cost to Replace Brake Calipers? Categories Car Maintenance Tips General Automotive News How Cars Work Motorcycle Buying Tips Reader Questions Tips on Auto Insurance Tips on Auto Loans Tips on Auto Parts  Accessories Tips on Buying a New Car Tips on Buying a Used Car Tips on Buying Auto Insurance Tips on Buying Extended Auto Warranty Tips on Buying from a Car Dealership Tips on Buying from Private Party Tips on Car Inspection Tips on Car Repair Tips on Car Safety Tips on Car Seats Tips on Caring for Your Car Tips on Getting Auto Financing Tips on Hybrid / Fuel Efficient Cars Tips on Negotiating Tips on Pricing Tips on Questions to Ask Seller Tips on Rims Tips on Selling Your Car Tips on Using a Car Broker Tips on Using iSeeCars Tire Tips Uncategorized Popular Tags 3rd row suv third row suv used cars cars under 20000 top car insurance companies used cars for sale used car buying tips cars under 30000 cars under 20k awd Car FAQs Car FAQs Best Used Crossover Vehicles Tuesday, March 22nd, 2011 One of the truest tests of a reliable vehicle is the “second-owner” test. Many of you may never have heard of this test, but it is one of the biggest standards by which vehicles are judged. There is no more critical purchaser than a used-vehicle purchaser. Think about it, what is the worst vehicle you’ve ever owned? Did you buy it used? More people are critical of used vehicles because of their notorious track record for being abused. With a new vehicle, you expect it to be good; with a used vehicle, you’re always skeptical. That skepticism can grow in the case of crossovers, with the relative youth of their genre. Before you go daunted to the Used Car section of your local newspaper, take a look at the best used crossover vehicles, rated by Consumer Reports, Edmunds, and J.D. Power and Associates. Best Compact Crossover: 2005-2008 Hyundai Tucson The first-generation Tucson was built on an Elantra-based platform. That could be a big reason it’s ranked one of the most reliable used crossover SUVS by Consumer Reports. The Elantra is also  It has consistently been rated high in safety testing by both the government and the IIHS. It has also been equal to or better in reliability standards during the 2005-2008 timeframe than competitors like the Ford Escape and the Kia Sportage . If you find one that has the 2.0L four-cylinder engine, it should still pull near 18/25 mpg at the pump. Best Midsize Crossover: 2001-2009 Toyota Highlander Between these model years splits the Highlander between the first generation (2000-2007) and the second generation (2007-Present), but these are the years which rank the highest on researchers’ reliability scales. It has developed such a good reputation that Toyota started a hybrid line of the midsize sport-utility in 2005, which is also ranked very high in reliability standards. Either generation will offer either four- or six-cylinder engine choices, and any year will offer sufficient cargo space. Best Hybrid Crossover: 2008-2009 Mercury Mariner Hybrid It wasn’t out for very long, but the Mariner Hybrid has a stellar reputation for being a reliable crossover. It is built on the same platform as its sibling crossovers, the Mazda Tribute and Ford Escape, but it possesses more of an upscale styling and some luxurious options. Though it is a hybrid, which means even used it won’t be cheap, it may not pay for that extra cost at the pump for many years. What it will do, however, is retain that resale value for at least a few years to come. Best Luxury Crossover: 2007-2009 Acura RDX We think the RDX proves that driving fun doesnt necessarily take a back seat when you have to buy a sport utility. If youre in the market, this SUVs well worth a test drive. (MarketWatch) The RDX is the perfect blend of sport and luxury in a crossover SUV. It also carries a 4-year/50,000-mile manufacturer’s warranty, as well as 6-years/70,000 miles on the powertrain, so there may be a little warranty left if you find a used model at the latter end of this model-year range. Best All-Around Crossover: 2000-2009 Honda CR-V The fact that you can get a used CR-V anywhere in the range of the 2000 to 2009 model years and trust that you’re getting a reliable vehicle says a lot about the quality of this little family crossover. It runs neck-and-neck with the Toyota RAV4 in reliability standards, but we have to go with the Honda here because it offers more family-friendly features and a better resale value. It does exhibit some road noise and has been infamous for a lack of engine upgrade, but the four-cylinder does make it economical, and its cargo space is fairly ample in all selected model years. Related Car Lists 2 Door 5 Seater Vehicles 2 Door 4 Seater Vehicles 2 Door 2 Seater Vehicles 2 Door 6 Seater Vehicles 7 Seater Vehicles with Best MPG for the Money Tweet Share Related Tips Crossover SUVs with Third Row Seating The best crossover SUVs with third row seating are those ... How to Choose the Best Crossover SUV Since manufacturer’s decided to bring the size and scale of ... Five Most Important Reasons to Buy a Smaller Vehicle Shopping for a new vehicle? Before you get overwhelmed by ... Most Dependable Used Cars Buying the most dependable used cars just got a little ... Best Crossover Cars under $30,000 If you’re thinking of spending up to $30K on an ... About Rob Freeborn More Posts (390) Tags: Best Used Crossover Vehicles This entry was postedon Tuesday, March 22nd, 2011 at and is filed under Tips on Buying a Used Car .You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. Leave a comment Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website  Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes  Want to Share Car Advice? Share and post your car tips here and get it seen by millions of consumers. Ask our Experts Have a Question? Ask our Experts. Recent Articles 5 Terms You Should Know Before You Go to a Dealership Best Labor Day Car Deals Labor Day Infographic: American Automotive Achievements Why Labor Day Is a Good Time to Buy a Car Labor Day 2013 Car Shows Best New Hatchbacks of 2013 How to Buy a Car in a Different State Best Small SUVs of 2013 Best Car Deals and Incentives August 2013 Best Car Lease Deals August 2013 Copyright  2013 iSeeCars . All Rights Reserved. Feed Me, Seymour theme designed by c.bavota . Powered by WordPress . 