  News CATEGORIES Animals Business Crime Education Energy Health Public Safety Politics Transportation Weather Sports PUBLICATIONS Union Leader Bedford Bulletin Goffstown News Hooksett Banner Salem Observer BY REGION Dartmouth-Sunapee Great North Woods Lakes Region Merrimack Valley Monadnock Region Seacoast White Mountains Outdoors Foliage Forests State Parks Trails Waterfalls Winter fun Bloggers John Harrigan Stacey Cole Dick Pinney Rare Bird Alert Lifestyles & Culture From reluctant participant to savvy Miss New Hampshire Skaters may have new spot in Nashua CATEGORIES People Life & Culture Upcoming Events Art and Exhibits Comedy Concerts Dance Fairs Films Literary Music Open Mike Opera Theater Food Dining out Our Gourmet Menu Guide Dining in Recipes - Practical Recipes - Special Blogs Wine Tasting Notes Events Food & Wine Things to do Antiques Art Exhibits Auctions Benefits Bridal Shows Car Shows Comedy Community Concerts Cultural Events Dance Fairs Films Free Gardening Health  Fitness Kids  Families Lectures Literary Museums  Galleries Music Networking Events Open Mic Night Opera Outdoors Parade Political Religious Seminars Shows Theatre Tours Workshops Yard Sales Travel About NH Accommodations Attractions Covered Bridges Foliage Historical Markers State Parks Trails Waterfalls News  Weather Regions Great North Woods White Mountains Seacoast Monadnock Lakes Region Dartmouth-Sunapee Merrimack Valley A & E Small instrument draws big crowd Concert Listings Contests NH Events Calendar Movie Listings NH Nightlife Upcoming Events Art Exhibits Comedy Concerts Dance Fairs Films Literary Music Open Mic Night Opera Theatre NH Businesses Accommodations Activities Airlines/Aircraft Airport/Limousine Airports Amusements Antiques Arts & Culture Auctions Banquet Halls Bingo Halls Booksellers Campgrounds Caterers Collectibles Dining Laundries Event Services Farms Florists Gift Shops Hunting & Fishing Marinas  Rentals Motorcycle & RV Museums NH Products Night Clubs / Lounges Photogs/Videographers Real Estate Salons & Spas Shopping Summer Camps Taxi Service Tour Operators Travel Agencies Weddings Classifieds Place an Ad Automotive Business Directory Employment ads Monster jobs Merchandise Public Notices Real estate Rentals Services Legal Notices Contests Enter to to win a pair of tickets to see Lynyrd Skynrd! Enter to win tickets to see Hinder and Candlebox Win tickets to see Country Music Artist Billy Currington  UnionLeader.com Bedford Bulletin Hooksett Banner Goffstown News Salem Observer NH365 Events Calendar  Contact us | FAQ | Subscription | eEdition | RSS | Mobile Tue,Aug27 Today's Deal Welcome guest, you have 3 views left. | Register | Sign In  Contests  Auctions  Readers' Choice  Restaurant reviews  Movie times  Pro Football Challenge action:section | category:newhampshire01 | adString:newhampshire01 | zoneID:2 Home  NewHampshire.com  Arts & Entertainment Ukulele Festival Small instrument draws big crowd Meadowbrook Music Southern rock on tap in Gilford includes Allman Brothers, Steve Winwood Watch for Moose ACT ONE's Festival 2013 presents humorist Susan Poulin Monadnock region destination? Jaffrey landmark awaits future Honored MacDowell Colony honors Stephen Sondheim Mirror, Mirror Artists turn mirrors into art for Jaffrey fundraiser Drive-in Northfield Drive-In owner vows make digital transition in Hinsdale Art in City Hall Manchester workers, relatives show off artistic talents Move to digital forcing decision Will curtain drop on Northfield Drive-In? Ioka Nonprofit group continues efforts to preserve Ioka in Exeter Ukulele Festival: When Michael Chung started planning Nashua's first Ukulele Festival... Meadowbrook Music: GILFORD  The Allman Brothers, which helped cement the Southern... Watch for Moose: Mainer Ida LeClair's got a double-wide trailer full of stories about... Monadnock region destination? : Eight years after a grassroots movement began efforts to reopen the... Honored: The MacDowell Colony honored composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim... Mirror, Mirror: High school student MacKenzie West is one of 50 local artists... Drive-in: Faced with going digital or going dark, Northfield Drive-In owner... Art in City Hall: More than 130 pieces have been submitted by city workers and their... Move to digital forcing decision: Northfield Drive-In owner Mitchell Shakour has been facing this... Ioka: Members of a local nonprofit group formed to save the Ioka theater...  Music and Nightlife Songweavers Hold Open Sings September 10 and 11 CONCORD, NH  Songweavers, the a cappella women's chorus of the Concord Community Music School, opens its fall session with Open Sings on Tuesday night, September 10, 7:00  8:30... NH composer Jonathan Santore earns national recognition PLYMOUTH  Jonathan Santore, composer-in-residence for the New Hampshire Master Chorale and chairman of the department of music, theater and dance at Plymouth Stage University, is a recipient... Couple marks half century with NH Music Festival For half a century, Joe and Karen Johnson have marked this time of year with hijinks by the lake, singing songs, playing music and chatting until all hours of the night. UPCOMING EVENTS NH365 Events > Music NH365 Events > Nitelife Film and Theater Film producers trying to raise $750,000 to tell soldiers' stories NICK CARBONELL found power in telling the tale of his experiences in Iraq. And with a little good fortune, that tale will be told on the big screen. Dover filmmaker earns kudos at Rhode Island fest, plans road trip Dover screenwriter and filmmaker Alfred Thomas Catalfo earned the grand prize in the Rhode Island International Film Festival's screenplay competition this month for this feature script 'Betrayed.' NH Movie Theaters and Times READER COMMENTS: 0 Browse our business director for a full list of New Hampshire cinemas, including where to find IMAX 3D. UPCOMING EVENTS NH365 Events > Films NH365 Events > Theater Arts and Culture Merrimack festival to honor local heroes Organizers have added a variety of activities to the seventh annual Merrimack Fall Festival and... Art show delivers color to Nashua Greeley Park was flooded with color Saturday morning as the Nashua Area Artists Association kicked... Museum of Art, UNH opens three new exhibitions DURHAM, NH Three new exhibitions, featuring sculptures by regional ceramicists, still life... UPCOMING EVENTS NH365 Events > Arts NH365 Events > Culture Contests Enter to to win a pair of tickets to see Lynyrd Skynrd! Enter to win a pair of tickets to see Lynyrd Skynrd at the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom on October 4, 2013. Enter to win tickets to see Hinder and Candlebox Enter to win tickets to see Hinder and Candlebox at the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom on September 21, 2013. Win tickets to see Country Music Artist Billy Currington Enter to win a pair of tickets to see Country Music Artist Billy Currington at the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom on September 13. Win tickets for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey® presents Dragons Enter to win a family 4-pack of ticket to see Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey® presents Dragons at the Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester October 3-6, 2013. Win tickets to see Blondie Enter to win a pair of tickets to see Blondie at the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom on September 5, 2013. Win tickets to see Bill Maher Enter to win a pair of tickets to see Bill Mahar at the Capitol Center for the Arts in Concord on October 5, 2013. CLICK FOR MORE CONTESTS Granite State Celebrities Jodi Picoult Novelist Jodi Picoult makes her home in Hanover, New Hampshire. Picoult, who was awarded the New England Bookseller Award for fiction in 2003, has written over a dozen novels since 1992. She was... Chas Guldemond Chas Guldemond was born in Laconia on April 22, 1987 and grew up in New Hampshire. Today he is a pro snowboarder who is shredding up the slopes all over the world and racking up wins in competitions... Charles Revson "Look kiddie. I built this business by being a bastard. I run it by being a bastard. I'll always be a bastard, and don't you ever try to change me." - Charles Revson, founder of Revlon, to a... Carlton Fisk Carlton Fisk, the major league catcher who played most famously for the Boston Red Sox, was born in Bellows Falls, Vt., on December 26, 1947. But the Hall-of-Famer is really from Charlestown, where... Brian Wilson San Francisco Giants right-handed closer Brian Wilson is a native of the state of New Hampshire. Wilson, who was raised in Londonderry, attended (and played for) Londonderry High School, where he... Bradford Anderson Bradford Anderson, a native of the town of Meredith, in the Lakes Region of New Hampshire, has been acting since he was a young boy. Bode Miller Bode Miller, the first American in 22 years to become the World Cup overall champion is a native of Easton, New Hampshire. Bob Montana Bob Montana wanted to be a cartoonist since he was seven. Born in Stockton, California on October 23, 1920, Bob was the son of a former Ziegfield girl, Roberta Pandolfini Montana and a top banjo... B.J. Bedford Barbara J. Bedford (also known as "B.J.") was born on November 9, 1972 in Hanover, New Hampshire. She was introduced to swimming by her three older brothers, whom she aspired to be like. She is the... Annie Duke Annie Duke is known as the "Duchess of Poker" and is considered one of the best poker players in the world. Alan Shepard Astronaut Alan B. Shepard, Jr., the first American in space, was born on November 18, 1923 in (East) Derry, New Hampshire. He grew up in East Derry and attended school at the small one-room... Aerosmith Aerosmith, considered by many to be America's greatest rock and roll band, has its roots in New Hampshire. Two members of the band, lead singer Steven Tyler and guitarist Joe Perry spent their... Sully Erna / Godsmack Sully Erna, lead singer for the band Godsmack, hangs his hat in southern New Hampshire. The multi-talented musician can also play guitar and drums. Robert Frost Robert Frost is New Hampshire's most well-known and most beloved poets. But he was born in San Francisco, California in 1874 to William Frost, a journalist, and Isabelle Moody, a school teacher. Wolf Moser Wolf Moser was born on December 3, 1974 in Moultonboro, New Hampshire. He graduated from St. Paul's High School, where he began rowing in 1991. Wolf currently resides in Princeton, New Jersey. Triple H Paul Michael Levesque, better known as the wrestler Triple H, was born on July 27, 1969 in Nashua. He is currently still wrestling under World Wrestling Entertainment's "RAW" brand, works as a... Topher Grace Topher Grace's connection to the Granite State is the acclaimed Brewster Academy in Wolfeboro, where the young actor was discovered by the producers of "That 70's Show." Tom Rush Folk musician Tom Rush was born in Portsmouth on February 8, 1941. His father was a teacher at St. Paul's School in Concord. In an interview he described "growing up" at St. Paul's, but he was sent... Tom Bergeron Emmy-Award winner Tom Bergeron, the host of ABC's America's Funniest Home Videos, and Dancing With the Stars , divides his time between Hollywood and his home in Greenwich, CT. Yet he... Seth Meyers Seth Meyers is a comedian. He was born in Bedford, New Hampshire on December 28, 1973 and he graduated from West High School before attending Northwestern University in Chicago. His parents still... Scotty Lago Professional snowboarder and Olympic Medalist Scotty Lago is a Seabrook native, born on November 12, 1987. He currently owns two homes in Hampton Falls. Sarah Silverman Stand-up comedienne and actress Sarah Silverman was born in Bedford on December 1, 1970. She was a student of the Derryfield School in Manchester. Samantha Brown Samantha Brown is the host of the Travel Channel's "Great Hotels, Great Vacation Homes" and "Girl Meets Hawaii." You might be surprised to learn that Samantha grew up here in New Hampshire both in... Salmon P. Chase Salmon P. Chase, the 6th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, was born in Cornish on January 13, 1808. He was nominated by President Abraham Lincoln on December 6, 1864. He... Ronnie James Dio Ronnie James Dio was born Ronald James Padavona on July 10, 1942 in Portsmouth. His parents moved to Cortland, New York when Ronnie was very young. Rico Petrocelli Rico Petrocelli was inducted into the Red Sox Hall of Fame in 1997. He started in the 1967 and '69 All-Star Games, and was known as one of the league's best fielders for over a decade. Recycled Percussion Recycled Percussion was formed in 1995 by Justin Spencer for a Goffstown High School talent show. Did they win? Actually, no. A juggling act took first place. Ralph Baer Seven years before Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs invented the personal computer and decades before we were interacting with Playstation, Wii and Xbox 360, Ralph Baer was playing ping-pong on... Mitt Romney Mitt Romney, two-time Presidential candidate, American businessman, savior of the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympic Games and the 70th Governor of the State of Massachusetts, was born in Detroit on March... Penny Pitou Penny Pitou, the first American to win an Olympic downhill medal, entered the New England Women's Sports Hall of Fame November 14, 2001. New Hampshire Olympians in 2010 Biographies about the Olympians from New Hampshire who were a part of the 2010 Winter Olympics. New Hampshire Olympians in 2008 New Hampshire has a history of producing amazing Olympians. This summer, there is only one woman on the U.S. Team from the Granite State. She goes to Beijing, China with aspirations of winning a... New Hampshire Olympians in 2006 The men and women on this page went to Torino, Italy with aspirations of winning a gold medal for their country and bragging rights to the title "Best in the World." These athletes with ties to New... New Hampshire Olympians in 2004 The men and women on this page are headed to Greece with aspirations of winning a gold medal for their country and bragging rights to the title "Best in the World". These athletes with ties to New... New Hampshire Olympians in 2002 Just like the Olympic torch that circled the country before landing in Utah on February 4, 21 athletes with New Hampshire ties hope to shine brightly at the winter games in Salt Lake City. Mia Tyler She was born to rock star Steven Tyler and Andy Warhol muse Cyrinda Foxe at Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon on December 22, 1978. Mike O'Malley Mike O'Malley, who played the part of Jimmy Hughes on the popular CBS television comedy series "Yes, Dear," was raised in Nashua, NH. He was born on October 31, 1966. Matt Savage Matt Savage grew up on a 165-acre farm in Francestown with his parents. So, what's so special about him? Matt is an autistic savant. Diagnosed with autism at the age of three, Savage couldn't... Matt Bonner Matt Bonner is known for his strong work ethic. Some would call him a workaholic. Bonner's dedication to his education (he earned straight A's from pre-school all the way through to high school)... Mary Baker Eddy Mary Baker Eddy is the founder of the Christian Science movement, a religious movement that believes in Bible-based healing. She founded the "Church of Christ, Scientist" in Boston, Massachusetts in... Mandy Moore Amanda Leigh "Mandy" Moore was born in Nashua on April 10, 1984. She moved to Orlando, Florida at the age of two months and she continues to reside there with her family. Moore is best known as one... Kristen Vermilyea The New Hampshire Film Industry is abuzz with the likes of Kristen Vermilyea on the scene. The former actress previously appeared in a few television commercials and on television shows such as "Law... Kris Freeman He's young, good looking and cocksure. The All-American boy, raised in the north country of New Hampshire, in a rural house his father built off a dirt road lost among the hills. Ken Burns Ken Burns is an award-winning documentary filmmaker who resides in Walpole, New Hampshire with his wife. He has three children. Burns is best known for his 11-hour film series "The Civil War," a... Justice David Souter David Hackett Souter is an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Though he was born in Melrose, Massachusetts, Souter grew up in the town of Weare, New Hampshire on his family's... John Irving John Winslow Irving is the best-selling author of "The World According to Garp," "The Hotel New Hampshire," the "Cider House Rules," and "A Prayer for Owen Meany." Irving was born in Exeter, NH, on... Joanie Laurer (Chyna) WWF's Chyna, also known as Joanie Laurer, was born in 1971 in Londonderry, New Hampshire. Laurer went to school at the University of Tampa, where she majored in Spanish and Literature. Laurer... Jenny Thompson Jenny Thompson was born on February 26, 1973 in Danvers, Mass. Jenny began swimming while living in Massachusetts when she joined the YMCA and become serious about the sport after joining Seacoast... Jason Hawes and Grant Wilson Jason Hawes and Grant Wilson, stars of the highly-rated SyFi show, Ghost Hunters , co-own (with their wives) the Spalding Inn in Whitefield, a beautiful inn that sits in the heart of the White... J.D. Salinger J.D. Salinger might be an icon of adolescence, a writer who is best known for his short novel "The Catcher in the Rye" and its hero lead character Holden Caulfield. But Salinger's own life as that... Hannah Kearney Olympic Gold Medalist Hannah Kearney was born in Hanover on February 26, 1986 and grew up in nearby Norwich, VT. She was on skis at the age of two, coming up through the Ford Sayre Program and later... Grace Metalious Grace Metalious, the author to one of the most notorious and best-selling novels in American history was born Marie Grace de Repentigny on September 8, 1924 in Manchester, NH. Franklin Pierce He was the first President to be born in the 19th Century. Franklin Pierce was born in the town of Hillsborough on November 23, 1804. His father, Benjamin Pierce, was a two-term Governor in the... Dean Kamen He's the Thomas Edison of our time, the Bill Gates of New Hampshire. Inventor Dean Kamen is best known for designing the revolutionary Segway, a two-wheeled "human transporter" that uses gyroscopic... Dan Brown Author Dan Brown is best known for his controversial best-seller, The Da Vinci Code , which was released in 2003 by Doubleday Books. He was born and raised in Exeter, where his father taught... Christopher Lowell Christopher Lowell is the flamboyant host of his self-titled home-decorating and design Emmy-Award Winning show, "The Christopher Lowell Show." His previous show, "Interior Motives with Christopher... Christa McAuliffe She was supposed to be the first teacher in space. But a disaster that took place on January 28, 1986 when the Space Shuttle "Challenger" exploded 73 seconds after launch over the Florida skies... Chris Carpenter The St. Louis Cardinals' right-handed ace pitcher Chris Carpenter is a native of Exeter, New Hampshire. He graduated from Trinity High School in 1993, where he earned Athlete-of-the-Year honors when... Brad Delp Bradley Delp, the beloved lead singer of the seventies rock and roll band Boston passed away on March 9, 2007 at his home in Atkinson, New Hampshire. But his low-key musical legacy will surely... Adam Sandler Adam Sandler grew up in Manchester, New Hampshire and attended Central High School. At 17, he took his first step toward becoming a stand-up comedian when he spontaneously took the stage at a Boston... Hilary Gehman Hilary Gehman was born on August 15, 1971 in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire. She graduated from Kingswood High School and, for the last few years, has coached the Georgetown University novice women's crew... Janet Evanovich Novelist Janet Evanovich divides her time between her home in Hanover, New Hampshire and Naples, Florida. She was born on April 23, 1943 in South River, NJ, where she graduated from South River High...  New Hampshire Events Calendar All categories Animals/Pets Antiques Art Auctions Auditions Benefits Bridal Shows Business Car Shows Chamber/Rotary Comedy Community Concerts Course/Workshop Cultural Dance Exhibits Expo Fairs Festivals Film Arts & Crafts Food and Wine Free Golf Health & Fitness History Holiday Home & Garden Job Fairs Karaoke Kids and Family Lectures Literary Meetings Miscellaneous Museum/Gallery Music Networking Nightlife Nordic Skiing Open Mic Opera Outdoors Parade Political Religious Reunions School events Seminars Seniors Shows Sports Theater Tours Yard Sales » SHARE EVENTS FOR PUBLICATION, IT'S FREE! Arts & Entertainment Youth & Family Outdoors Arts and Entertainment SUBMIT AN EVENT Family, Community and Culture SUBMIT AN EVENT Outdoors, Sports and Recreation SUBMIT AN EVENT  NH Angle >> Arts & Entertainment Links to news and happenings around the world with a Granite State connection updated daily. 0 Scott Brown, New Hampshire rock star: Former senator performs with Cheap Trick in Hampton Beach 0 Former Colonial Theatre owner in Keene buys Babe Ruth winter home in Manatee, Fla. 0 Four new books from J.D. Salinger to be published starting in 2015 0 Local Navy wife to sing in semifinals of 'America's Got Talent' 0 Broadwayworld.com seeking editors in New Hampshire 0 JD Salinger: Five more books on the way? 0 Video - Nashua WWE star Triple H to wife Stephanie McMahon - 'LET'S BOX' 0 Fan needed to read Stephen King's sequel to The Shining set in NH 0 New Berlin resident and world renowned writer, Gregory L. Norris, offers advice to aspiring writers 0 Small N.H. movie theaters turn to Kickstarter to ‘go digital’ Most Read 08/24/2013 Small instrument draws big crowd 08/17/2013 Art show delivers color to Nashua 08/12/2013 MacDowell Colony honors Stephen Sondheim 08/22/2013 Southern rock on tap in Gilford includes Allman Brothers, Steve Winwood 08/22/2013 NH Theater Factory group eyeing Londonderry for homebase 08/22/2013 ACT ONE's Festival 2013 presents humorist Susan Poulin Most Comments Most Shared NH Theater Factory group eyeing Londonderry for homebase Whom do you trust more to provide your health insurance? Federal Government 21% Private Insurers 70% State Government 9% Total Votes: 405 News Animals Business 40 Under Forty Legacy Awards Ask the Expert Energy Real estate Transportation Crime Education Health News Archive 1987 - present Politics Granite Status City Hall State House Dome Gate City Musings Town meetings Primary 2016 Religion Safety Special Sections Veterans War Weather Opinion Editorials Columns Local Voices City Matters Drew Cline Looking Back Publisher's Notes Scene in Manchester Sports Golf Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA College Sports columns Fisher Cats High School Monarchs Motor sports Patriots/NFL Red Sox/MLB NewHampshire.com Arts & entertainment Events Food Our Gourmet Recipes - Quick Recipes - Tasty Fun Outdoors Stacey Cole John Harrigan Dick Pinney Travel Subscriptions Subscribe Manage subscription Mobile options Single copy outlets Advertise Announcements Anniversary Birth Engagement Wedding Obituaries Obituary policy Newspapers in Education Santa Fund Classifieds Automotive Business Directory Employment ads Monster jobs Merchandise Public Notices Real estate Rentals Services PLACE CLASSIFIED Contact Us Alerts & newsletters Send a news tip! Copyright 2013 Union Leader Corp. | Privacy policy | Terms of Service  [if lt IE 7]>    DD_belatedPNG.fix('.slideshowlite ul li a'); 