 Voices Home Custom Car Culture: Before Pimp My Ride , There was Kalifornia Kustom Kar Kulture Elliot Feldman , Yahoo! Contributor Network May 4, 2007 "Share your voice on Yahoo! websites. Start Here ." More: Custom Cars Flag Close Post a comment While "hot rods" had been around since immediately before World War II, "Kalifornia Kustom Kar Kulture" began with (and some say ended with) custom car builders Ed "Big Daddy" Roth, the Barris brothers, and artist Von Dutch in the fifties. Kalifornia Kustom Kar Kulture is gaining new popularity with the emerging Low-Brow Art Movement created by alternative comix artist Robert Williams, who once worked in Ed "Big Daddy" Roth's shop. Ed "Big Daddy" Roth While Roth is best known for his grotesque cartoon hot-rodder character "The Rat Fink", he is less known for transforming backyard hot rod tinkering into a sophisticated artform combined with engineering finesse. He was also the first designer to implement fiberglass bodywork into custom cars. "The Outlaw" was Big Daddy's first vehicle using his special "plaster and fiberglass method." His mother-in-law's family Revolutionary War sword was incorporated into the car as a gear shifter. Roth's "Beatnik Bandit" is recognized as the inspiration for the popular "Hot Wheels" toys of the seventies. His 1963 "Mysterion" is an engineering masterpiece combining "two Ford engines, two transmissions, plus two welded rear ends for the foundation." Von Dutch Nowadays, when you mention Von Dutch, what comes to mind as a popular brand of women's clothes. But, Von Dutch actually was Kenny Howard, the originator of custom automobile pinstriping. Beginning in the fifties, Von Dutch used car bodies as canvases for his original airbrush artwork. He was also an expert motorcycle mechanic. In fact, he preferred to be considered a mechanic not an artist. His best known designs were painted flames and the flying eyeball. As for the "Von Dutch" clothing line, the artist's heirs sold his name and logo to a clothing company long after his death. He probably wouldn't have liked it. The Barris Brothers Sam and George Barris were also at the very beginnings of California's custom car revolution. Just before World War Two, the brothers started as mechanics and then began creating custom vehicles for special clients. They later formed a "Kustoms Car Club." After World War Two, the brothers moved from small town Roseville, California to Los Angeles where they opened a custom car shop. The film business soon found out about their special custom cars. Their first Hollywood work was designing hot rods for the 1957 film "High School Confidential." After Sam Barris left the business, George continued with his custom work, creating "The Batmobile", "The Munster Koach", "The Monkeemobile", the Dukes of Hazzard's "General Lee" and many other design achievements primarily for television. SOURCES: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Barris_%28auto_customizer%29 "Ed 'Big Daddy' Roth: the original rat fink", Alex Symcox and David Chodosh, Petersen Automotive Museum, URL: (http://www.petersen.org/default.cfm?docid=1049) "Mechanical Dreams", Charles Krafft, Artforum, URL: (http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0268/is_n3_v32/ai_14875077) "Von Who?", Theo Douglas, OC Weekly, URL: (http://www.ocweekly.com/features/features/von-who/20364/) http://www.mrgasser.com/outlaw.htm http://www.mrgasser.com/beatnikbandit.htm http://www.mrgasser.com/mysterion.htm http://www.vondutchkustomcycles.com/the-von-dutch-influence.html http://www.barris.com/history.html Published by Elliot Feldman I'm a veteran television writer (Match Game, Hollywood Squares) and cartoonist (Los Angeles Reader) I've also written for online versions of Jeopardy and Trivial Pursuit. View profile Related Content Low-Brow Art: The Modern Art Movement that Underground Comix Spawned Celebrity Cars: From Custom Cars to Eco-Friendly Hybrids Top Eight Finishing Touches for Your Custom Show Car Studebaker Avanti - An American Sports Car Ahead of Its Time Hollywood's Greatest Movie and TV Cars 0 Comments Sign in to Comment Yahoo! Voices Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel Slideshow Library Video Library Also on Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Mail Maps Movies Music My Yahoo! News Shine Shopping Sports omg! Travel TV Contributor Network All Yahoo! Services  Yahoo! Contributor Network Join / Sign in Help Community Resources Blog Forum Promotional Tools Contests User Search Copyright  2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. | Yahoo! Autos. Questions or Comments Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Disclaimer Careers Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel All Categories Sign in Sign up Mail Voices Web Images Video News Local Voices Web Images Video News