 More Careers  Jobs Entertainment Horoscopes Music Tech Microsoft services Cars Food Lifestyle National Lottery Travel Celebrity Games Mobile News TV Dating  Personals Her Money Shopping Video eBay Him Movies Sport Weather Hotmail MSN UK Hotmail Make MSN your homepage Page Options How to make page text larger Download Internet Explorer 9 Sign In Search site | Web | Images | Videos | Shopping | News | Maps Search:  CARS MSN HOME CARS HOME NEWS FEATURES learning to drive jeremy clarkson celebrity cars top gear CAR REVIEWS new car reviews used car guide green car guide long-term reviews buyer's guide BEST IN CLASS MOTOR SHOWS goodwood pebble beach and monterey week frankfurt motor show USED CAR LISTINGS VIDEO #SOCIALVOICES 0 cars found Distance Within 1 mile Within 10 miles Within 20 miles Within 30 miles Within 40 miles Within 60 miles Within 100 miles Within 200 miles National Used cars Nearly new cars New cars Make BMW Model 3 SERIES Minimum price Maximum price Select Bodytype: Age Mileage Fuel type Transmission Engine size Colour Private and trade No. of doors  Show more search options Show less search options Clear all  Initialising Search Form   You've made changes to your search. Click 'Search cars' to update results.   Please broaden your search options to find results.  Page 1 of 0 View as: Sort by: Price-low to high Price-high to low Distance First Prev Next Last Advertisement | AdChoices Ad feedback More on msn Cars Vauxhall VXR8 Tourer review (2013 onwards) Can the practicality and raw muscle car charisma of Vauxhall’s VXR8 Tourer justify a £50k asking price? CarFest South 2013: the best bits of Chris Evans’ car show in pictures DJ Chris Evans and his team stage their CarFest South automotive extravaganza in Hampshire Frankfurt Motor Show 2013: stand-by-stand A-Z All the major reveals and rumours at the 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show in a useful A-Z. Spyker B6 Venator Spyder Concept at Pebble Beach 2013 Confirmed: Spyker B6 Venator Spyder Concept set for production in 2014 Wild Peugeot 308 R Concept set for Frankfurt debut Peugeot's radical 270hp 308 R Concept ready to wow the crowds at the Frankfurt Motor Show How to save fuel: 20 top fuel economy tips for motorists The rising price of petrol and diesel is a constant headache for motorists but you can cut your car fuel costs instantly with our 20 top tips. Matchbox cars: 60 years of the world's favourite toy cars in pictures For generations, Matchbox model cars have been a central part of childhood playtime – now the brand is 60 years old GT Academy 2013: let’s find the next Lewis Hamilton 2013 GT Academy UK final sees six aspiring British racers through to European showdown Infiniti Q30 Concept Frankfurt star revealed in first official image Infiniti's new British-built Q30 Concept revealed ahead of 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show debut 700hp ML63 AMG off-roader by Brabus revealed Bonkers 700hp Brabus off-roader can hit 186mph The UK's worst car dealers by brand revealed The 2013 JD Power Dealer Satisfaction Survey reveals the worst dealers in the UK, can you guess the bottom 10? The UK's best car dealers by brand revealed The results of the annual What Car? JD Power Dealer Satisfaction Survey are in, and it's another good year for Jaguar error alert We are aware that a small number of computers may generate 'out of memory' and similar errors when visiting this page. This can usually be easily and quickly resolved by resetting your Internet Explorer browser. To learn how to reset it, please visit this page . fraud alert WARNING: Does the vehicle seem way under-priced? Does the person selling it refuse to discuss it on the phone, but only on e-mail? Do they want you to send them money without you even seeing the car in the metal? If any of these, they are almost certainly fraudsters and thieves. Don't fall for the scams! More information Legal Advertise About our ads Privacy  Cookies Anti-Spam MSN Worldwide About MSN Contact Us Café MSN Customer Care Report An Error Site Map © 2013 Microsoft Bing search: Close Make MSN your homepage 