 The Segmental Info System    Tuesday August 27, 2013   Kansas Arts and Entertainment  Kansas Guide Arts and Entertainment From arts and crafts to performing arts, Kansas has you covered Kansas Diversions  Overview Planning Your Trip  Arts and Entertainment Dance Music Theater Visual Arts Food  Site Info Search Sites of Interest Suggest a Site Terms of Use Contact Us Privacy Policy    Known for its delicate plains and prairies, abundance of wheat, and growth of sunflowers, Kansas is alive with breathtaking natural beauty. There are, of course, many more reason to visit the Sunflower State than its picturesque landscapes. The arts and entertainment scenes of Kansas provide vacationers with almost endless opportunities to experience the state's culture with excitement and flare. Visual arts and handmade crafts, performance arts like music, theater, and dance, as well as literary hot spots and film locales are bountiful, and provide hours upon hours of enjoyable activities. Arts and Crafts Art lovers will be thrilled to find that the state has 14 visual arts museums that showcase everything from renaissance to modern art. The real treat that Kansas has to offer is an abundance of studio tours and art walks. Studio tours and art walks are annual events in which artists from a particular area open their studios  which are often otherwise closed to visitors  to the public. During an art tour or walk, you'll receive maps that include stops at local art studios. Upon arrival, you're allowed to tour the studios and see the artist in their working environment, ask questions, see how art is made, and perhaps even purchase a piece of art or two. In some areas, other forms of local talent are showcased, for example the map might include a stop at a restaurant at which an unsigned band might be playing. If you enjoy viewing locally made art, crafts created by Kansas residents might peak your interest, as well. Whether you'd like to see how the crafts are made, meet the artisans, or take home some hand-crafted souvenirs, visiting an arts and crafts fair is the way to go. Regardless of where you stay in Kansas, an arts and crafts fair is sure to pop up. Fairs feature items that reflect the local heritage, like hand-crafted furniture, hand-stitched quilts, beaded jewelry, and more. Performing Arts Know  or are interested in learning  how to play an instrument? Visit the Americana Music Academy in Lawrence where their passion is teaching the significance and historical importance of folk music. The academy holds two-day workshops to teach students how to play various musical instruments, and has weekly jam sessions (at which anyone is welcome) for those who are already musically inclined. If you'd rather listen to live music than play yourself, there are a variety of options. If you prefer classical music, you'll love the Kansas Philharmonic. If you like country, rock, jazz or any other popular form of music, check local listings for who's playing at a nightclub or amphitheater. For bluegrass or other folk styles, your best bet will be to attend a music festival, as the majority of music festivals in Kansas are bluegrass. If you are going to check out a local band, you can't just stand there and watch. You'll have to get up and dance! If you don't know how, or feel like you could use a few pointers, there are plenty of locations throughout the state that offer lessons by appointment for singletons, couples, and even groups. Once you've learned a few steps, there are two ways to go. If you are looking for a wild night out only suitable for grownups, hit up a local dance club like The Hurricane in Kansas City. For a more family-friendly environment, why not attend a barn dance? Kansas is known for their barn dances, at which folk dancing like the contra is popular. If your interest lies in watching others dance, there's nothing more elegant than the Kansas City Ballet, or more breathtaking than the Prairie Wind Dancers in Lawrence. Live theater in Kansas runs the gamut. From professional theater groups such as the Unicorn Theatre in Kansas City to community theater like the Barn Players, Inc. in Mission. Take your pick from dinner theater, children's theater, musical theater, and more; the Sunflower State has it all. Kansas also holds several theater festivals annually, at which visitors can take in back-to-back performances by a variety of theater groups. Two such festivals are the William Inge Theatre Festival in Independence, and the Kansas City Crossroads Musical Theater Festival in Kansas City. Literature and Film A number of excellent authors have come from Kansas, including two-time Pulitzer Prize award winner William Allen White. White got his start as an editorial writer for the Kansas City Star , and by 1895, had purchased the Emporia Gazette , his hometown newspaper. He continued to write editorials that focused on politics, including the article What's the Matter with Kansas?, for which he won his first Pulitzer Prize. The second was for his autobiography, published after his death. Visitors who would like to learn more about Kansas' most famous journalist can visit the William Allen White House in Emporia, where White lived and did much of his writing, that impacted Kansas and the rest of the country. The metropolitan area of Kansas City has been the location for numerous film shoots. Some of the most well-known movies shot in Kansas City and the surrounding areas include Twister (1998) and The Day After (1982). If you want to view locally filmed movies before the rest of the world, check out a film festival. Here, Kansas' own writers, producers, directors, and actors have the opportunity to share their low-budget and/or independent films with audiences  often for the first time. Film festivals in Kansas include the Kansas International Film Festival and the Kansas City Filmmakers Jubilee. Whether visiting friends and family, taking some time off to relax, or any other reason your travels bring you to Kansas, it's important to experience a bit of local culture during your vacation. Hitting up the local arts and entertainment scenes allows you that opportunity by leaving out the mundane. Visiting a museum or crafts fair, sitting for a live performance arts show, checking out your favorite authors local haunts, or touring the shooting locale of your favorite movie are just some of the activities that will make your Kansas vacation stand out. Print this Article Related Articles Dance Dance has played an important role in the culture of Kansas. Planning Your Trip Dance  ABOUT SEGISYS TERMS OF USE CONTACT US SUGGEST A SITE - dash right to the info you want Copyright  2004 - 2013 IIWINC All rights reserved. Print  Return to Normal View 