 Information for Patrons Contact EM Events Join Our Mailing List Sponsors Rules and Information for all events (PDF)  Illinois Art Festivals Art in Your Eye Batavia, IL Sept 21 & 22 West End  Art Festival La Grange, IL Sept 14 & 15 Lakeview East  Festival of the Arts Chicago, IL Sept 14 & 15 Geneva Fine Arts Fair Geneva, IL July 27 & 28 Northbrook Art in the Park Northbrook, IL July 13 & 14 Cantigny  Art in Bloom Wheaton, IL June 15 & 16 Riverside Arts Weekend Riverside, IL May 18 & 19 Geneva ~ Geneva Fine Arts Fair ~ Geneva, IL July 27 & 28, 2013 Accepted artists, click here to pay deposit and booth fee Click here for Artist's Final Instruction Letter Click here for festival layout . Rules and Information (PDF) Geneva, a chic and charming historic town located on the Fox River, willcelebrate its 12th annual Fine Arts Fair in 2013. Its prestigious reputation of offering a superb selection of fine art by renowned artists and cuttingedgenewcomers attracts beginning and avid collectors. Presented by theChamber of Commerce, the show is tucked among 100+ specialty shopslocated in Victorian-style homes and century-old buildings. Awards foremerging and seasoned artists along with warm small-town hospitality,offer a picture-postcard setting for this juried art celebration. NOTE: Prints, photography, digital art and computer generated art: Prints must be produced by traditional printmaking techniques. Giclee prints are allowed only in digital photography. Photography may be wet darkroom (chemicals) or digital darkroom. We define computer generated art as an art form created entirely with a computer. Emerging artists are required to abide by the same rules as professional artists. The jury fee is waived for emerging artists. If accepted the space fee is $100. Note: emerging artists are considered those who have never paid for a booth space at a fine art or craft fair. Accepted artists will receive one “wall” to display artwork on that is approximately 6’ high by 8’ long. Artists need to supply their own chair, umbrella and pedestals. Limited photography spaces are available. FESTIVAL FACTS: Jury Fee: $20 Booth Fee: $300 (payable upon acceptance) Preferred payment method : www.paypal.com remit to: emelloy@emevents.com Checks payable to: Geneva Chamber of Commerce Please refer to our reproduction policy under rules and information • Artists : 175 max. Ribbon Awards: $4,000 • Attendance : 20,000 Event location:  8 S. Third Street  Geneva, IL 60134  (please do not mail anything to this address)  APPLICATION DEADLINE: FEBRUARY 1 Geneva uses an online registration process. Artists are able to upload their entries and enter their information, including the specifics on their pieces (title, media, price) online. Loading EntryThingy... 