   Welcome to our Fine Arts Blog! If you're interested in receiving updates via email, contact finearts@rbhs208.org     Sunday, January 13, 2013 Cast List Seussical- Character List Character CastMember Catin the Hat  JoeRogers Boy/Jojo EmilyMichl Horton JadenCruz Gertrude RachelBennett Mayzie KayleeWeinert GeneralSchmitz  JustinGriggs Mr.Mayor  DavidMonreal Mrs.Mayor  GinaWatylyk SourKangaroo  PaolaLehman Yertlethe Turtle  MikeVrablik Grinch SeanPruett Jones CindyLou Who  VanessaJebb Maxthe Dog  CameronBolton VladVladikoff  CameronBolton ThingOne and Thing Two  Vanessa and Veronica Sanchez BirdGirl #1  SamanthaGoldsmith, Annie Mitchell BirdGirl #2  KristinTomecek, Maddie Chapp BirdGirl #3  TessaSundstrom, Abby Schwarz Wickersham#1  Jake Payne Wickersham#2  Marco Severini Wickersham#3  Dylan Dreilich WhoFather #1  Mike Gmitro WhoMother #1 - Eileena Giurini WhoChild #1 - Katelyn Smith WhoFather #2  Michael Vrablik WhoMother #2  Anna Menendez WhoDaughter #2 - Katie Buckley, Jessica Van Winkle WhoChild #2 - Tom Loftus WhoFather #3  Brandon Ripoli WhoMother #3  Allison Nicolai WhoFather #3  Cameron Bolton WhoDaughter #3 - Ugne Jurgaityte WhoChild #3 - Meana Lopez, Karely Moncada WhoMother #4  Rachel Sammons WhoDaughter #4 - Annabelle Daily, Candance Shelbrack WhoChild #4  Lauren Grimaldi WhoDaughter #5  Miranda Molina WhoMother #5  Moira Dunn WhoFather #5  Bryan Wilson WhoChild #5  Hannah Hettasch, Cecilia Ringo, Alina Gonzalez Fish  Cadets Brandon, Tom, Mike G., Bryan CircusFolk  Vanessa Sanchez, VeronicaSanchez Circus Animals  JessicaVanWinkle, Candice Shelbrack, Karely Moncada, Cecilia Ringo, Alina Gonzalez,Miranda Molina Hunches  CourtroomMen  CourtroomWomen  Congratulations! However: This list is still incomplete! Who and Jungle People will bedoing double duty as fish, cadets, circus folk, courtroom folk, etc. and willbe on stage a lot. Being a member of a Who family doesn't sound too importantright now, but this really is a production that will have everyone involved in alot of action. Ourfirst meeting and rehearsal is Monday,Jan. 14 at 3:30 in the auditorium. This includes all cast and crew! Tuesday  Full cast meet in the Choir Room at 3:30 for afirst music rehearsal! After musicrehearsal, you will move to the auditorium for blocking. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Wednesday, May 16, 2012 A Dance Happening- Thursday, May 17th at 3:30 Please join RB's Repertory Dance Ensemble TOMORROW, May 17th at 3:30 in the RBHS Library as they present, "Tilted Silence." The dancers will perform a five minute dance using the aisles, bookshelves and tables of the Library as their performance stage. We hope to see you there. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Congratulations Orchesis Dancers Congratulations to the cast and crew of this year's Orchesis show, "Existence." Fifty-seven dancers graced the stage performing a variety of different dance styles andshowcasing the versatility of the RBHS dancers. Student choreograpehrs included: Rachel Ackerman, Vilija Aleksa, Meredythe DiVittorio, Karen Fucinato, Sarah Jane Gembara,Nicole Kmet, Cassie Nakis, Jamie Payne, Alaina Sliz, Caroline Stanko and Danielle Ulloa. Guest Choreographers included professional artists Santo Scavuzzo III and Donnette Cannonie. Rachel Ackerman is pictured above in Vilija Aleksa' dance, "Everlasting," To view more photos of this year's Orchesis show please visit http://rbhsfineartsdepartment.shutterfly.com/8100 . Also, a special thank you to Carla Novack for photographing the Orchesis show. To view Mrs. Novack's photos please contact her at 312-318-8779. The above photo is photographed by Ms. Novack. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Monday, May 14, 2012 RB Spring Art Show | 5.15 - 5.18 The spring art show is on display in the RBHS Art Pit! Stop by to vote for Viewers Choice award tomorrow during the day or at the art opening 5:30-7:00pm tuesday may 15th . The show will remain on displayuntil FridayMay 18thwith work by visual art students in the categories of Functional Art, Sculpture, Drawing, Painting, Design, Digital, and Traditional Photography. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Wednesday, March 14, 2012 Guest Choreographer teaches Orchesis Dancers Currently, RB's Orchesis dancers are working with a professional dancer and choreographer. Mr. Santo Scavuzzo has performed for numerous dance companies and events including: Dance for Life, Same Planet Different World, Rodriquez Dance Theatre, and LehrerDance. In addition, Mr. Scavuzzo received his MFA in dance from the University of Iowa. RB dancers work hard learning new movements such as sudden knee drops, body layouts and quirky foot work. This dance, performed to Prince's Baby, I am a Star, will be performed as the opener to this year's Orchesis show on April 27th and April 28th. We hope you can make it. Save the Date- ORCHESIS DANCE CONCERT- Friday, April 27th  Saturday, April 28th, RBHS Main Auditorium, 7PM Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Tuesday, March 6, 2012 RBHS Dancers Qualify for State Congratulations to the RBHS dancers for qualifying for state. The selected dance was choreographed by senior, Rachel Ackerman. It is a trio danced by senior dancer Jamie Payne, and junior dancers Alaina Sliz and Sarah Benya. The dance is titled "Keep me Quiet." Rachel was inspired by her having a secret. She says, "the dance is about having a really good secret and having to stay quiet- you can't tell anyone." The dance was proposed and choreographed as a part of Rachel's first semester final exam. The dance will be performed as a part of the student showcase on Saturday, May 19th at the Illinois H.S. State Dance Festival. Buffalo Grove H.S. will be hosting this year's festival. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Wednesday, February 29, 2012 Repertory Dancers Perform at Hollywood Elementary Every year RB's Repertory Dance Ensemble performs an educational art outreach performancefor alocal elementary school or organization. This year RBHS Repertory Dance Ensemble performed for the Hollywood Elementary Schoolon Thursday, February 16, 2012. The dancers performed six dances and answered questions about dance, performingand choreography. Once the dancers were finished performing the fourth grade students broke into small groups and togetherthey created a dance inspired bythe Edgar Degas painting, Fin'd Arabesque; whichboth groupshad been studying in class. To see more photos visit http://www.mysuburbanlife.com/photo_galleries/x1134098350/RB-dancers-visit-Hollywood Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Dance Wednesday, February 1, 2012 Music Update Dear Music Community, Congratulations to all our All State Musicians! This year every instrumentalist chosen to represent RB auditioned into the All State Honors Band. Molly Chaney was 2nd chair bass, Maddy Muntean was 9th chair first flute, Dovas Lietuvninkas was 2nd chair trumpet, and Andrew Payton was 4th chair tuba. Joining them in Peoria was Kyle Perfect and James Wang who each sang with the All State Honors Choir, and Haley Buntrock who received 3rd place for her composition Falling. Congratulations once again to all of you. Did you know that since 1991 RB has sent 51 musicians to the All State Festival? You can hear our all state musicians with their fellow colleagues on Thursday February 9th at 7:00 PM in the Auditorium. The band, directed by Kevin McOlgan, will be presenting their winter concert. A Quick look ahead:  February 17th, Jazz Ensemble hosts the Battle of the Big Bands. RB Auditorium, 7:00 PM, $10 adults, $5 students under 18 years old.  February 21st, Metro Suburban Band Festival (Only selectees) All Day  February 23rd, Winter Choir and Orchestra Concert. RB Auditorium, 7:00 PM, free admission  March 3rd, Solo and Ensemble Contest. Reavis High School, Burbank IL. All Day  March 5th, Chamber Orchestra Recital, 7:00 PM, Location TBA, free admission Now is the time to start thinking ahead towards summer music camps. If you are interested in attending one of the fabulous camps in the area and want more information, please speak to Mr. McOlgan or Mr. Baum. Did you know that the RB Music Department currently serves 248 students? Thats 17% of the entire school! Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan baumj@rbhs208.net Mcolgank@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Monday, November 28, 2011 RB Winter Art Show | 12.28.11-12.02.11 The annual Winter Art Show is on display in the RBHS Art Pit! Stop by to vote for the VIEWERS CHOICE AWARDat the Artist ReceptionThursday 12.01.11 5:30-7:30pm to congratulate the exhibiting artists and 2011 winners. The show will remain on display through Friday December 2nd with work by visual art students in the categories of Functional Ceramics, Sculpture, Drawing, Painting, Computer Art, Digital and Traditional Photography, Photography Series, and Body of Work. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Tuesday, October 4, 2011 Professional Choreographer teaches Repertory Dance Ensemble Donnette Cannonie, a nationally and internationally known choreographer, choreographs a dance that will be performed at RB's Winter Dance Concert on Thursday, Dec. 15, 2011. The dance was inspired by student's ideas and the struggles of making a life decision. Donnette worked with the dancers during 4th period for six days. In the picture above Donnette Cannonie (center) talks to Alaina Sliz, about her transition from the stack of suitcases. To see more photos check out snapshots.mysuburbanlife.com/1332241 Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines Labels: Dance  Choir Concert Tonight! The RB Choirs will present the first concert of the school year tonight at 7 p.m. in the RB auditorium. The Madrigal Singers, Chamber Choir, Concert Chorale and Treble/Bass Choir will perform pieces they have worked on since the beginning of this school year. In addition, Krisin Ripoli, Cynina Mason and Lex Richter will perform "Mama Who Bore Me" from the musical "Spring Awakening". This morning, the Choirs from S. E. Gross, Hauser and Komarek Schools will visit RB from 10:00 a.m. until 2:00 p.m. They will have the opportunity to sing with the RB choirs and see what we do in choir every day! We welcome all the Jr. High Students! Choir members are all working diligently on their IMEA music. Auditions are next Tuesday, October 11 at Carl Sandburg High School. Audition times will be posted today. All of the music students will take a bus to Sandburg together. Good luck on your auditions! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Monday, October 3, 2011 Instrumental Music Update Dear Instrumental Music Community, Thank you to the 35 band students who played for the Class of 1966 Reunion on Saturday, and the parents who helped with carpooling. Members of the class of 1966 have been raving about how great you sounded and how wonderful it was to have you at their reunion. Despite the poor weather, the band looked and sounded great! Our presence in the stands was excellent and the 8th graders really seemed to enjoy their time with us. Many thanks to the parents who helped buy and distribute the pizza and soda, as well as the parents who helped distribute water and set up the drum major podiums. IMEA Audition times have been posted. More information about when the bus will be leaving and returning will be made available shortly. Auditions will be held at Carl Sandburg High School on Tuesday, October 11th. A message from Lena regarding the Tour: the deadline for your trip deposit has been pushed back to October 17th. On November 5th, we will be hosting the IMEA Junior High Festival. We will have about 300 junior high students and their directors on campus that day. As such we will need everyones help the night before, and on that day to make everything run smoothly. Signups and more information will be made available shortly, however please mark your calendars now. This Thursday is the RB Orchestra Festival. We will be joined by 50 junior high students from Hauser to play music inspired by war. The concert will begin at 7:00 PM. Hope to see you there! Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Tuesday, September 6, 2011 Instrumental Music Update Hello everyone! Congratulations to Sam Romo who purchased a vintage Buffet R13 Clarinet this weekend! It's always exciting when one of our students saves their own money to buy a professional instrument. Sam is a student of Colleen Corning, RB's clarinet teacher,who helped him find the right instrument. Also, Congratulations to Alex Buffo who had the opportunity to playTaps at Soldier's Field recently for the Illinois Warrior Summit.Alex played on stagebeside country singer Rockie Lynne. Alex is part of the group "Buglers Across America" who provide buglers for different events, mostly funerals of veterans, and every once in a while something different and fun like this. This Saturday the Marching Band will be participating in the Von Steuben Day festival and parade. Come show yoursupport for the band and love for all things German at our most memorable parade in the fall! IMEAauditions are fast approaching. If you need help of any sort please don't hesitate to seeMr. McOlgan orMr. Baum. Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan baumj@rbhs208.org mcolgank@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Monday, August 29, 2011 Fine Arts Survey Students Create Beats with Shel Silverstein Students in Mr. Baum's 1st hour Fine Arts Survey Class discussed the componentsof a good beat then tried their hands at composing their own beats setting Shel Silverstein's poetry to music. Enjoy! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Tuesday, August 23, 2011 Instrumental Update RB Musicians shine outside the walls of RB! Many Music students at RB choose to go to summer music camps around the world over the summer as a means of deepening their understanding of music. Here is just a sampling of what RB Musicians have accomplished this summer: Drum Major Vicki Curtin marched her way into the top 8 marchers at drum major camp during the final march off. Anna Menendez won a scholarship. She was named Camper of the Week at Laurence Universitys summer music camp. This honor grants Anna a scholarship to the camp next year, it also grants the same scholarship to another RB student! Adrienne Witek Also attended Laurence Universitys camp and was placed into the top Theory Class. Mitchell Herman attended Oberlins summer music camp and studied electronic composition. Lucia Mancini, Molly Chaney, and Kelly Haughland all attended the Blue Lake Fine Arts Camp. Maurice Hubbard was chosen to play in this summers Rockford Youth Symphony. Andrew Payton attended the Indiana University College Audition Prep. Camp and was named the top Tuba player at the camp. Cassidy Fritsch attended a camp organized as a joint effort between Curtis Music Conservatory, Julliard, and the Manhattan School of Music. While there, Cassidy was named first chair oboe in the top band, and first chair Cor Anglais in the top orchestra. Cathryn Cowell was chosen to represent America in the international Flaud Competition in Ireland. She competed among the worlds finest Irish fiddle players! Congratulations and thank you for representing RB so well around the world. We are proud of all of you! Instrumental Update: The marching band practice that was scheduled for tonight has been canceled due to schedule conflicts. Next weeks practice has been moved to Wednesday to avoid the same schedule conflict. The practice will be from 6:00 PM until 8:00 PM. It is imperative that everyone be present at this practice as its our only practice since camp prior to our first game. The Honors Chamber Orchestra held its first practice of the year on Monday night. The group will be working on pieces by Haydn, Mozart, and Mahler to begin the year. Despite rain on the first day of marching band camp, this years camp was the most successful camp that we have had. The students learned 57 sets in two days and two hours! Be sure to come out on September 2nd to root on the band and check out all their hard work. Thank you to the music sponsors for providing the pizza party at the end of camp! Also thank you to all the mothers who are currently fitting the entire band for Marching Band uniforms, the band would not look as great as they do without your help. Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan baumj@rbhs208.org mcolgank@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Sunday, July 10, 2011 RB Music Department shines in 4th of July Parades Thank you to everyone who came out to make this year's parades very special. We had 154 participants!!! Members of band, orchestra, and choir, alumni, current RB students, future RB students, parents, and community members all came together to make this years 4th of July Parades exceptional. Take a look at the pictures on the shutterfly site, and if you have pictures you would like to add, please email them to baumj@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Saturday, July 2, 2011 4th of July Marching spectacular! Hello, All those who are marching in the 4th of July parades should arrive to the band room by 7:45 AM so we can distribute T-shirts, warm up, and load the buses. A special thank you to the Brauer Family for letting us use their pickup truck to transport the low strings through the parade. also thank you to all the parents who have volunteered to help distribute water, and the Music Sponsors for supplying the water. We look forward to seeing those of you who cannot march with us along the parade route! Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan Baumj@rbhs208.org, Mcolgank@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Thursday, May 26, 2011 Dance Happening Postponed to FRIDAY, MAY 27th at 3:30 Due to the weather, Repertory Dance Ensemble will perform the Environmental Dance Happening piece on Friday, May 27th at 3:30. Please meet on the front lawn. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Tuesday, May 24, 2011 An Environmental Dance Happening Inspired by the post-modern era of modern dance, Repertory Dance Ensemble choreographs an envrionmental piece on the front steps of the school. Please join us on Thursday, May 26th at 3:30 to witness RB's very own Dance Happening! The raindate is Friday, May 27th at 3:30. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines Labels: Dance Monday, May 23, 2011 Mural Update The 8 Corners mural is underway and painting has begun...Congratulations andgood luckto Mr. Gehl's Drawing/Painting II class. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Friday, May 20, 2011 Dancing in Grant Park After attending the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater performance twenty-two dancers headed over to Grant Park and Buckingham Fountain to play improvisation games and restage choreography inspired by the Alvin Ailey performance. To see more photos visit the Fine Arts Department shutterfly account. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines Labels: Dance Riverside Arts Weekend Concert Chorale will perform Saturday, May 21st at the Riverside Art Fair. They will be singing at the train station beginning at 3:15. Please come! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Thursday, May 19, 2011 Spring Choir Concert - 'Wicked' Enjoy a clip from the Spring Choir Concert. Annie Krug and Taylor Dalton perform For Good from 'Wicked.' Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Spring Choir Concert - Hairspray Medley Enjoy a medley from the musical Hairspray Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Wednesday, May 18, 2011 Spring Art Show Winners Enjoy the video! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Tuesday, May 17, 2011 Dancers attend Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater performance In honor of Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater celebrating it's 50th anniversary of Alvin Ailey's Revelations students studied the masterpiece in class. On Thursday, May 19th twenty-two students will witness the grace, artistry and athleticisim as they attend a live performance of Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater performing Revelations at the Auditorium Theater in Chicago. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Monday, May 16, 2011 Choir Spring Concert The RBHS Choirs will present their Spring Concert on Tuesday, May 17 at 7:00 p.m. in the auditorium. Entitled, "The Show Must Go On!", the concert has a Broadway theme this year. Come enjoy music from "Hairspray", "Phantom of the Opera", "Mamma Mia!" and more. Many students will be featured in solos and ensembles. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Friday, May 13, 2011 Art Show and Choir Concert on Tuesday 5/17 The annual Spring Art Exhibit will be displayed on Tuesday, May 17th. Please join us for a reception from 6-8p. The Viewer's Choice Award will be announced at 7:00p. Desserts will be provided by Mrs. Farlee's Family and Consumer Science Students. Come early for the art show and then head off to the Choir concert, "The Show Must Go On" Enjoy the RB Arts! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  The Brookfield Mural is Underway... Drawing and Painting II students will team with the Brookfield Beautification Committee to create a large scale mural with artist Sonata Kazimieraitiene. Stay tuned for more details... Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  RB Orchestra Attendes Open Rehearsal of the CSO With Yo Yo Ma! Yo Yo Ma and Stephen Lester play a duet for the audience prior to answering students' questions. On Thursday May 12th, RB Orchestra Students attended a field trip to hear Ricardo Mutti and Yo Yo Ma rehearse with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra at Symphony Center. Susan Synnestvedt, mother of Alex and Maddy Muntean, performs with the orchestra, it was nice to see a familiar face in the orchestra, RB students even applauded as she entered the stage! Students were delighted to hear Mason Bates The B Sides , a modern piece that used electronic instruments and percussion effects to create dance club inspired classical music. Then Yo Yo Ma came out to rehearse the Schumann Cello Concerto. He played the piece entirely from memory flawlessly and with finesse and charisma that only a musician of the highest caliber can do. At times he would close his eyes and play with a sensitivity that won the hearts of the audience in a few notes, at other times he performed fiery bursts of notes, adding an exclamation point by jumping out of his seat. Needless to say, the RB students were amazed! The rehearsal concluded with the Strauss Aus Italien . Muttis carefully choreographed visualizations brought out the best of the orchestra, at times he even engaged the audience into the rehearsal. To cap off the afternoon, Yo Yo Ma and Stephen Lester led a QA session with the audience. RB students Olivia Lauritsen and Findlay Ross both had the opportunity to have Yo Yo Ma answer their questions. Olivia Lauritsen asks Yo Yo Ma and Stephen Lester when they decided to become a professional musicians. This was a great opportunity for the orchestra students of RB. We are very lucky to have one of the worlds best orchestras right here in Chicago! Everyone should take advantage of this world class institution, check out www.cso.org for tickets and program information. Also take a look at other photos from the trip on our pictures page. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Monday, May 9, 2011 Instrumental Music Update Dear Instrumental Music Community, May is always an exciting month in the music department. On May 1st both the Jazz Band and the Jazz Ensemble played at This Must Be the Place in Lemont. Both groups played a high energy swinging sets to a packed room. The Jazz Band then went on to repeat their set at Hackneys of Palos Hills for yet another packed crowd and professional musicians on May 4th. Thank you to both venues for supporting music education and to Tom Fox and the Brass Tacks Big Band for featuring our students. Congratulations to Kevin Dinh and Ben Mitchell who have been selected to perform for Senior Awards Night this Wednesday along with Megan Welch and the Seniors of Madrigals. The evening will begin at 7:00 PM with pre-ceremony music provided by Sarah Otmanski and Maggie McLaughlin, and Mr. McOlgan. On Thursday the Orchestra will be going on a field trip to hear an open rehearsal of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra featuring Yo Yo Ma! All music ensembles will be photographed on the morning of May 19th. Students should arrive to school by 7:45 in their concert attire. The photo will be taken in the auditorium, more information about ordering this photo, or ordering photos taken earlier in the year will be made available at a later date. On May 21st the Jazz Band and Chamber Orchestra will be featured along with a Choir at the Riverside Arts Fair. The Jazz Band will begin at 2:00 PM and the Chamber Orchestra will begin at 2:45 PM. We hope to see many familiar faces in the crowd! On May 24th at 7:00 PM the Chamber Orchestra will hold its final recital of the year at Ascension Lutheran Church in Riverside. The group will be playing two contemporary pieces as well as the 4th movement from Tchaikovskys Serenade for Orchestra. The Apollo Awards will be held on May 26th, not May 19th as listed in the student handbook. This is an evening where we celebrate all of our musical accomplishments of the year and award our outstanding musicians. The evening starts at 7:00 PM in the main Gym, and is followed up with a reception to be held in the Cafeteria. Graduation will be held on June 3rd. All band students need to meet at 6:00 PM that evening dressed up. Congratulations to Kevin Dinh, Ben Mitchell, Sarah Otmanski, and Sam Romo who all played with the ProtĂŠgĂŠ Philharmonic this weekend at Navy Pier. This is an outstanding orchestra featuring many of Chicagos most talented young students. Please keep us informed of all your musical accomplishments! Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan baumj@rbhs208.org mcolgan@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Friday, April 29, 2011 Life Drawing in Drawing II Click here to see pictures of life drawing from the Drawing  Painting II students. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Wednesday, April 27, 2011 Madrigal Singers perform Michael Jackson's "Beat It"  Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Madrigal Singers perform "I'm Yours"  Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Monday, April 25, 2011 ORCHESIS DANCE CONCERT-THIS WEEKEND Join the RBHS Orchesis Dance Company this Friday, April 29th and Saturday, April 30th in the Main Auditorium at 7:00pm for a stellar performance of DANCE. Student choreographers include Rachel Ackerman, Vilija Aleksa, Brigitte Collazo, Meredythe DiViottorio, Louise Gangware, Sarah Jane Gembara, Allison Hornung, Hannah Langosch, Kayla Muldoon, Alaina Sliz, Caroline Stanko, Rima Lintikas AND GUEST HIP HOP CHOREOGRAPHER KATY KEMPEN. Tickets are 4.00 for students and seniors and 6.00 for adults. Children 6 and under are free. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Monday, April 18, 2011 Madrigal Concert! The Madrigals will present a concert of vocal jazz, pop and Broadway on Tuesday evening, April 19 at 7:00 p.m. in the Little Theater. You're invited! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Instrumental Music Update Thank you to everyone who wrote such nice letters and emails in response to our Spring Concert last Thursday. The evening was splendid, and the kids sounded fantastic! Mr. McOlgan was especially moved by all the parents and students who took the time to meet his mother that night. Our field trip to see Working is Wednesday. Students will leave school 5th hour and should therefore be prepared to eat lunch at school. If you havent turned in your permission slips please turn it in A.S.A. P. The Apollo awards will be held on May 26th in the Main Gym and not on May 19th. Please adjust your calendars. Congratulations to Joe Wilkinson who played an outstanding audition at Elmhurst College. After the audition Joe was informed by the school that they really wanted him and are prepared to match any scholarship from another school. Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan baumj@rbhs208.org McOlgank @rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Friday, April 15, 2011 Listen to Mary Poppins! Enjoy listening to music from theRBHS Instrumental Concert Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Character Counts Artwork! Click here to enjoy the photos of artwork inspired by the pillars of Character Counts! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Tuesday, April 12, 2011 Congratulations Samantha Friend! Congratulations to Samantha Friend for being awarded a full-ride scholarship toparticipate in a three week art camp held at theSchool of Visual Arts in New York City. Samreceived this award from the ScholasticsArt and Writing organization. She qualified after receiving aGold Awardfor her photograph at the Regional Scholastics Art Competition held in January. http://www.schoolofvisualarts.edu/ http://www.artandwriting.org/ Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Monday, April 11, 2011 Instrumental Music Update Dear Instrumental Music Community, The Spring concert is upon us. Join us this Thursday evening at 7:00 in the auditorium. Students should be gathering their concert attire tonight to make sure they are ready for Thursday. The call time for students to arrive is 6:15. Thank you to all who attended Jazzapalozza V. It was a great evening of jazz featuring guest artist Sam Lauritsen. Sam is a RB graduate who performed on the very first Jazzapalozza and is now finishing his degree in Jazz Performance at Roosevelt Universitys Chicago College of Performing Arts. Both RB Jazz groups sounded great. Thank you to everyone who brought treats to share, especially Mrs. Baums lemon squares. The Jazz Groups will be featured at This Must Be the Place on May 1st. The Jazz Ensemble will open the evening at 6:00 PM followed by the Jazz Band. Please call 630-243-1500 for reservations. The Jazz Band will open for the Brass Tracks Big Band at Hackneys in Palos Heights on May 4th. Their set will begin at 7:00. Mark your calendars for the Apollo Awards which will be held on May 19th at 7:00 PM. All music students will perform, and we will honor our outstanding students. Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan baumj@rbhs208.org mcolgank@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Thursday, April 7, 2011 2011 Jazzapalooza Click here to see pictures from Jazzapalooza. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Friday, March 25, 2011 Guest Hip Hop Choreographer teaches at RB The week of March 14th twenty-one Orchesis dancers worked with professional hip hop and contemporary dancer Katy Kempen. Recently, Katy toured with R. Kelly and Jay-Z where she performed with various award winning artists. Katy shared her stories of being a professional concert dancer and a dancer traveling on tours. RB dancers can not wait to perform Katy's dance at this year's Orchesis show on April 29th and 30th. Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  Choir Concert Performance!  Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Choir Concert Performance!  Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Tuesday, March 22, 2011 Choir Concert! Please come to a concert presented by the choirs of RBHS, Wednesday March 23 at 7:00 p.m. in the Auditorium. The concert will feature World Music, including "Jai Ho" from the movie "Slumdog Millionaire". We will also present the DVD the choirs made when they performed in Disney World. Hope to see you at the concert! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Monday, March 21, 2011 Instrumental Update Dear Instrumental Music Community, Congratulations to everyone involved with the musical The Wiz. The pit sounded great, the crew performed amazingly, and the cast was exceptional. We hope you had the opportunity to ease on down the road to see the amazing work of the students in the music and drama departments. On March 5th many of our students participated in the IHSA Solo and Ensemble Contest. Between the choirs, bands, and orchestra students 162 Division 1 medals and 52 Division 2 medals were won. Great job Bulldogs! The Jazz Band will be performing at This Must Be the Place in Lemont on May 1st and at Hackneys May 4th. Please make reservations if you plan to attend the May 1st concert, we look forward to seeing you there! The Bands and Orchestras are busy working on their music for the spring concert. This year the concert will be on April 14th at 7:00 PM. Congratulations to Molly Chaney who has been accepted to Interlocken Music Festival this summer. Congratulations to Ben Mitchell and Sam Cox who just achieved the rank of Eagle Scout in troop 24. We are all very proud of you both! Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Friday, March 18, 2011 Fine Arts Department Accepts Award On Thursday, members of the Fine Arts department traveled to Springfield, Illinois to accept the Illinois Alliance for Arts Education School of Distinction Award. Mindy Haines also accepted the award for Dance Educator of the Year. Congratulations RB Fine Arts! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Art Students @ Metro Suburban Conference Event On Wednesday, 7 RBHS art students were selected to attend the Metro Suburban Conference Art Festival. Students displayed their artwork and attended workshops given by professional artists.Conference art teachers also met to collaborate on curriculum. Participating students included Paige Bottari, Krystyna Serhijchuk, Lila Hernandez, Olivia Lauritsen, Emily Kedzie, Dan Curtin, and Bailey Csech. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Saturday, March 12, 2011 Art Show @ RAC Click here to view pictures from the art show at the Riverside Arts Center. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Wednesday, March 9, 2011 RB Choir Featured in The Suburban Life Click Here to read about the Choir tripto Disney World in The Suburban Life. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Monday, March 7, 2011 Art Show @ The Riverside Art Center Our annual AP Art Show will be exhibited at the Riverside Art Center. The openingreception is set forFriday, March 11th from 6:00-9:00pm. The artwork will remain on display throughApril 23rd.Featured artists includeour current APstudents and our 2011-12 APstudents. See you there! Featured AP Students: Jacob Curtin Cassie Cook Alessandra Panasky Anne Sventy Jennifer Grasser Featured Upcoming AP Students: Michael Abbatacola Salem Baer Karla Bley Thomas Cichon Samantha Friend Natalee Garza SarahJane Gembara Aneliese Gibson Mara Henk Jessica Huebner Caitlyn Kasper Katie Linhart Sandra Lopez Grace Moore Maddie Muntean Tatiana Reaves Collin Roberts Hannah Roppo Grace Salerno Sophia Soluri Amanda Stamm Alvaro Zavala Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Friday, February 25, 2011 Tickets are on Sale!  Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  RBHS Choirs We're back! Just think! At this time last week, we were running around Disney Hollywood in 80 degree weather! The choirs had a great time playing, working and performing in Disney World. They were attentive and enthusiastic about the workshop on Saturday morning. The performance at Downtown Disney on Sunday was very well attended. As people passed by, they stopped, and they STAYED for our performance. I think that says a lot about the students' singing. By the middle of the concert, all the seats were filled and there were 4 or 5 rows of people standing. Congratulations to the choir students! Congratulations to Megan Welch! Meganwon 1st place in the Tower Chorale Vocal Competition. She sang "I Don't Know How to Love Him" from "Jesus Christ, Superstar". Megan will receive a vocal scholarship and will perform on a concert with the Tower Chorale in May. We're looking forward to a very busy March. March 5 - IHSA Solo and Ensemble Contest March 18, 19, 20 - "The Wiz" Tickets are on sale in the business office! March 23 - Choir Concert Hope to see you at any or all of these events! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Thursday, February 24, 2011 Instrumental Update Hello Instrumental Music Community, The February concert season has come to an end. Its a bit weird to not have a concert tonight after three Thursdays in a row with concerts. The first concert was the Battle of the Big Bands featuring the RB Jazz Ensemble, the second concert was the Winter Band Concert, and last week we closed out the season with the Winter Orchestra and Chamber Music Concert. All three concerts were spectacular! Thank you to everyone who came out to support our musicians. Permission slips have been distributed for Solo and Ensemble contest to be held on March 5th at Reavis High School. We just received the times today; students can look on the music office windows to find their times. Be sure to tune in to WFMT (98.7 FM) this Saturday at 10:00 AM for a live broadcast of the Merit School of Music Wind symphony featuring RB students Dovas Lietuvninkas, Adrienne Witek, and Andrew Payton. If you cant listen at that time, the show will be repeated on March 3rd later in the evening. The program is called Introductions and features the talents of Chicagos brightest young musicians. Connor Fagen, guitarist for Jazz Band recently performed for a full house at Fitzgeralds Night club in Forrest Park. The club has recently begun a Sunday open teen mic. Marco Severini, Tyler Straka, and future RB Drummer Adrian Murphy performed last week at the night light in Berwyn. Thank you for representing RB with your talents! Please keep us up to date with all your accomplishments. Sincerely, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Friday, February 18, 2011 Enjoy Music from the Orchestra Concert Hear Singing in the Rain performed by the RBHS Brass Ensemble. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Thursday, February 17, 2011 Art Student Wins 1st Place Congratulations to junior Maddie Muntean for receivingtheAward for Excellence given by the West Suburban Artist Guild. Maddie's workearned 1st place out of 200 other pieces and has now been accepted into the Best of the Best art exhibit hosted by the Alliance of Fine Arts. Maddie was the only artist to receive this honor.Her paintingtitled 'Candied Sushi'will be on display at the Peabody Mansion in Oak Brook from March until May. Congratulations Maddie! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Friday, February 11, 2011 Dancers Perform at Brook Park Elementary On Thursday, February 10th Repertory Dance Ensemble performed an educational art outreach program for 115 4th graders at Brook Park Elementary School. The dancers performed a variety of different dance styles while teaching about the art of dance. The program also included audience participation and one lucky Brook Park student by the name of Ashley was chosen to choreograph on the RB dancers. Congratulations, Ashley. Lastly, a special thank you to Brook Park teacher Joanne Janetopoulos for inviting RB to perform for her students. It was a wonderful day. To see more photos of the performance please visit http://rbhsfineartsdepartment.shutterfly.com/697 Posted by Ms. Mindy Haines  2011 Winter Band Concert - Symphonic Band Hear the Symphonic Band perform "Symphonic Dance No. 3" by Clifton Williams. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  2011 Winter Band Concert-Symphonic Band Hearthe Symphonic Band perform "When the Stars Began to Fall" by Fred Allen Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Thursday, February 10, 2011 RBHS Fine Arts has Joined Facebook! Read aboutdepartmental updates on our newFacebook fan page. Just type inRBHS Fine Arts and enjoy announcements, photos, videos, and more. Help us out by 'liking' our page and spreading the word! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Visitors to the Choir Room The Madrigals enjoyed a recent performance of "No Comment", an a cappella group from the University of Illinois. The groupentertained us with a great concert, includinga medley from the musical "Spring Awakening", "Shark in the Water" and covers of other popular songs. Concert Chorale is learning a folk song from Poland - in Polish, of course! Stephanie Olszewski's grandmother has been kind enough to come to our classroom twice this week to tutor all of us in Polish diction. It isn't easy! But we think it will all be worth it in the end. How many days until we leave for Disney World? 9!!! But who's counting? Seventy seven people that I know of.... If you're in Florida that weekend, come hear the choirs on Sunday, Feb. 20 at 5:45 p.m. at the Water Side Stage in Downtown Disney. On Saturday, the choirs will also participate in a Disney Sings workshop. Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Tuesday, February 8, 2011 Instrumental Update Hello Music Community, Thank you to everyone who came out in support of the Jazz Ensemble last Thursday evening. The band sounded great and warmed the crowd up for the two outstanding pro bands to follow! The Annual Winter Band concert will be held this Thursday, February 10 at 7:00 PM in the auditorium. Highlights include Ben Mitchell performing the Straus French horn Concerto, Prokofievs classic Peter and the Wolf acted out by RBs own Shenanigans, and a setting of My Lord What a Morning in honor of Black History Month. Congratulations to Marco Severini, Tyler Straka, and Adrian Murphy who performed at Brixies in Brookfield for the annual Special Olympics fundraiser. Its great to volunteer for such a noble cause, they sounded great! See you Thursday, Mr. Baum and Mr. McOlgan baumj@rbhs208.org Mcolgank@rbhs208.org Posted by RBHS Fine Arts Labels: Instrumental Music Friday, February 4, 2011 Art Students use a Unique Model Drawing II students experienced an unexpected visitor as their model for the day. Yogi, Mrs. Mortensen's newfoundland, posed for the class as the artistsworked to develop the form using a variety of mediums. Thanks Yogi! Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Shennanigan's on TV! Shennanigan's most recent show, "Welcome to my Tollbooth" is available on RBTV this weekend. Viewers can watch at 9:05pm on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evening. Just turn on Comcast channel 16, ATT U-Verse 99,orwatch at http://www.rbtv.tv/ Enjoy! Performers include Drew Kohler, Jacob Palka, Nick Rauba, Paul Landahl, Sara Nie, Andrew Brondos, George Suchy, Sam Friend, Marty Gross, Allison Nicolai, Abraham Ourth, Erik Kramer, and James Landahl Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Thursday, February 3, 2011 Art Students Win Awards at Triton CC Competition! Congratulations to the following art students for their recent success at the Triton Community College art competition. Best Painting Award : Maddie Muntean Blue Ribbon Award: Elise Castelaz (Computer Art) Deanasia Sanders (Photo) SarahJane Gembara (Drawing) Red Ribbon Award: Ercolani Chiara (Ceramics) Kiley Rusen (Computer Art) Andrew Scafidi (Photo) Hannah Soppo (Photo) Jessica Huebner (Drawing) Paige Bottari (Painting) Salem Baer (Painting) Kaite Wallner (Ceramics) Yellow Ribbon Award: Tatiana Aerozaga (Photo) Isabella Soluri (Photo) Lonely Bridge (Photo) Ricardo Herrera (Drawing) Anne Sventy (Painting) Colin Roberts (Painting) Jenn Grasser (Painting) Amanda Biro (Ceramics) Jon Schereck (Ceramics) Allison Taber (Ceramics) Michael Zeman (Ceramics) Tyler Siebert (Ceramics) Luis Gonzalez (Ceramics) Erin McKenna (Ceramics) Selsa Carmona (Sculpture) Posted by RBHS Fine Arts  Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Visit our fan site for more! RBHS Fine Arts Promote Your Page Too Post Archive  2013 (1)  January (1) Cast List    2012 (7)   May (3)    March (2)    February (2)    2011 (67)   November (1)    October (3)    September (1)    August (2)    July (2)    May (14)    April (11)    March (10)    February (15)    January (8)    2010 (102)   December (10)    November (11)    October (15)    September (6)    August (4)    July (4)    June (3)    May (9)    April (3)    March (11)    February (11)    January (15)    2009 (47)   December (13)    November (19)    October (8)    September (4)    August (2)    July (1)  Links Ceramics Choir Clubs Dance Faculty Fine Arts Survey Fine Arts Survey - Art Music Sponsors RBHS Home Photos Skyward Gradebook Student Art Gallery  RBHS Fine Arts Calendar Visitors  Awesome Inc. template. Powered by Blogger .  