 . Feedback HollySprings-HickoryFlat  81 Today Now |  Hourly |  10 Day Right now Partly Cloudy 81 Precip: 0% Tonight Mostly Clear 67 Precip: 0% Tomorrow H 89 L 70 Precip: 0% Thursday H 91 L 69 Precip: 10% Friday H 89 L 69 Precip: 20% Saturday H 88 L 70 Precip: 30% Nearby Canton-Sixes Patch Woodstock-Towne Lake Patch Alpharetta-Milton Patch Roswell Patch Kennesaw Patch Northeast Cobb Patch Acworth Patch Marietta Patch Propwash Junction Patch See More Get the newsletter  Sign in/Join Join Sign In Follow us on Twitter Holly Springs-Hickory Flat Patch Find us on Facebook Holly Springs-Hickory Flat Patch   Home News & Features  Blogs  Boards  Events  Businesses Real Estate Jobs  Advertise on Patch  News Alert Ethics Hearing for Kelly Marlow Set for Oct. 2 Read More »  News | Entertainment Flag as Inappropriate MOVIE REVIEWS: 'Grown Ups 2' Gang Back for More Juvenile Humor Posted by Ann Marie Quill (Editor) , July 12, 2013 at 09:02 AM Comment Recommend  Flag as Inappropriate Loading... x  Next Previous Slideshow Download The all-star comedy cast is back for Grown Ups 2. This time around, Lenny (Adam Sandler) has moved his family back to his hometown. Grown Ups 2 is rated PG-13 and runs 1 hours and 40 minutes.  Click here for movie times in and around Holly Springs . Heres what the critics are saying: So really, what is there to say? You know what you’re going to get, and that is, indeed, what Sandler delivers. It’s juvenile, it’s obvious and it’s crass. But with Sandler at the helm, at least it’s as easy to like as it is to forget. —  Elizabeth Weitzman, New York Daily News Mystifyingly, the movie manages to emerge plot-free. Instead, it offers a succession of humorless gross-out gags, fat jokes, suggestive posturing, bullying, belches and pratfalls. —  Claudia Puig, USA Today The best that can be said for this who-asked-for-it sequel to the 2010 comedy is that Rob Schneider did not return. As for the rest of the cast - led by Adam Sandler, Kevin James, Chris Rock and David Spade - they are comedically outgunned by an inflatable raft that literally pops up in two scenes. —  Alonso Duralde, Chicago Tribune Progressing from one lazy scene to the next, the heroes contend with the tropes of wedding anniversaries, teenage daughters and overbearing mothers. But mostly they replicate gags that made them famous to begin with. —  Jacob Axelrad, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Do you plan on seeing this movie? Leave a review of the film with a comment below after you do. Comment Recommend  Flag as Inappropriate Newsletter  Alerts Get the best stories each day and important breaking news Subscribe Not from Holly Springs-Hickory Flat Patch? Find your Local Patch  Comments + Leave a Comment Show me all earlier comments  Post comment Shout Stream Dean Sheridan This should not surprise most folks. What will surprise most is that MARTA loses 50 m Sen. Beach: Metro Transit Syst in Government KELLI They need to add KIDNAPPING to those charges because in a normal carjacking the vehic Last Suspect Wanted in Cheroke in Police  Fire Rod McNair I have ordered twice from Aroundtowntakeout and both times it was fast, easy, and my  Around Town Take Out in Announcements KELLI Know what.... this story sounds more like a kidnapping than a carjacking!In normal  UPDATE: Suspect Killed in Cher in Police  Fire Steve Worrall Kelli, I appreciate your comment. Of course, the cards can be updated and changed at  Cherokee County Parents! Befor in Georgia Family Law Blog - Holly Springs KELLI To PATCH...why are you always LATE? Even when it comes to posting job openings! By Cherokee County Parents! Befor in Georgia Family Law Blog - Holly Springs KELLI School started approximately two weeks ago, cards have already been filled out. This Cherokee County Parents! Befor in Georgia Family Law Blog - Holly Springs Show me more Whos Blogging? Colleen Walsh Fong  Fun with Food the Easy way.  Read Colleen Walsh Fongs blog   Mel Krupnick  News from Reform Jewish Congregation Ner Tamid of   Read Mel Krupnicks blog   North Georgia Weather  Talk about the weather by Steve Brueck and  Read North Georgia Weathers blog   Steve Worrall  Cobb County estate planning and family law  Read Steve Worralls blog   Norm Bentley  Wine and food advice from the North Georgia Wine  Read Norm Bentleys blog   Become a blogger today! Get started now Start blogging Boards  All Boards  × Note Article Just a short thought to get the word out quickly about anything in your neighborhood. Share something with your neighbors. Write a new post... What's up? Make an announcement, speak your mind, or sell something Post Art and Craft Show Winey Blonde Boutique cordially invites you to attend its one year anniversary celebration!  S Announcements August 27, 2013 at 02:12 PM Comment Recommend Karen Gramlich  $50 off first cleaning Do you walk into your home only to trip over shoes, school and sports bags as well as other  .