 Inject Advertising - automatically attaches to DIVs in the page if they are present in the view. Ads are only called when the div into which they are inserved actually exists in the DOM. This is WhatCar specific - i.e. it is whatcar and not the injector that places and moves the adverts. We use cookies on whatcar.com to improve your browsing experience and to provide you with relevant content and advertising, by continuing to use our site you agree to this. Please see our privacy policy for more details. Continue  Home Reviews Superminis Crossovers Small family cars 4X4s Family cars Coupes Compact Executives Cabriolets Executive cars Performance cars Luxury cars Car of the year winner Estates All new car reviews MPVs All used car reviews True MPG  Advice Buying a car Selling a car Running a car Green cars Car buyers glossary Petrol or diesel? Depreciation calculator What Car? Checklists Garage finder Company car tax News Tow Car Awards 2013 Car of the Year 2013 JD Power Survey 2012 Green Awards 2012 Awards Used cars Leasing deals Free valuations  Home Car advice & tips Selling a car  Contents Where to sell your car How to value your car Preparing your car for a sale How to write a classified advert Meeting private buyers Payment, paperwork and avoiding scams  Selling A Car - Where to sell your car  24 August 2012  Legacy ID: what-car-reliability-supertest-2007-229285 There are two traditional ways to sell your car when you've decided it's time to part company: selling it to a dealer is the more straightforward, while private sales should make you more money. These aren't your only options, however, as the digital age has seen the arrival of eBay and online companies ready to take your car off your hands with minimum hassle. Trade-in/dealer sale This is the quickest and simplest method to sell your car. If a dealer is keen to sell you another car he may offer a good price for your old one. Conversely, if you negotiate a good discount on your new car, he may be reluctant to give you the best price for your old one, so make sure you know exactly what your car is worth before you offer it. Private sale As a rule, you will get more for your car by selling it privately (on sites such as PistonHeads ). However, the process can be time-consuming. You need to be available to take phone calls and to meet buyers for inspections and test drives. Also, advertising can be costly, particularly if your car takes a long time to sell. Online auction (eg eBay) A combination of quick and easy, but also potentially the riskiest way to sell your car. A good method if you know what you're doing. Online buying companies Selling your car to a professional online buyer is a quick and easy alternative to selling privately or at a dealer, but you probably won창t get the best price 창 only you will know if it창s worth it to avoid the usual car-selling hassle. However, there are reasons why selling online may suit. If your car has a high mileage, is in less-than-perfect condition or is simply getting on a bit, you may struggle to find private buyers or dealers that are interested. Online buyers make no judgments and just value the car as they see fit. In all cases, though, make sure you know the real market value of your car and shop around to get the best price you can. Don창t let an online buyer fob you off with a drastically lower valuation, and walk away if they start adding on extra charges at the last minute. Next step: How to value you car >> Top of page Next Ads by Google  advertisement Car Leasing Why buy? Search for a great leasing deal Used cars for sale 1000s of cars to suit your needs Reviews and News  Our reviews are based on hard data and thorough testing in the real world.  Check out the latest reviews here  Up to the minute news from around the globe  Click here for all the latest news  Advertisement My What Car? About us Site Map Privacy Contact What Car? Terms  Conditions  RSS What Car? is brought to you by  Haymarket Consumer Media What Car? is part of Haymarket Motoring About Haymarket Advertising Syndication International licensing Autocar Practical Caravan Stuff What Hi-Fi  Haymarket Media Group 2013 div id="careerFooter">  Fulfill your potential at Haymarket Careers 