  Edition: U.S. Arabic Argentina Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Latin America Mexico Russia Spain United Kingdom  Home Business Business Home Economy Media Small Business Legal Deals Earnings Business Video The Freeland File Aerospace & Defense Summits Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices M Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds peHUB Dividends World World Home U.S. Brazil China Euro Zone Japan Africa Mexico Russia India Insight World Video Reuters Investigates Decoder Global Innovations Politics Politics Home Supreme Court Politics Video Tech Technology Home MediaFile Science Tech Video Tech Tonic Opinion Opinion Home John Lloyd Felix Salmon Jack Shafer David Rohde Nader Mousavizadeh Nicholas Wapshott Bethany McLean Anatole Kaletsky Zachary Karabell Edward Hadas Hugo Dixon Ian Bremmer Lawrence Summers The Great Debate Reihan Salam Mark Leonard Steven Brill Alison Frankel Breakingviews Equities Credit Private Equity M Macro & Markets Politics Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Tax Break Lipper Awards Global Investing MuniLand Unstructured Finance Linda Stern Mark Miller John Wasik James Saft Analyst Research Alerts Watchlist Portfolio Stock Screener Fund Screener Personal Finance Video Money Clip Investing 201 Life Health Sports Arts Faithworld Entertainment Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home Reuters Photographers Full Focus Video Reuters TV Reuters News   Arts Follow Arts  Related Topics: Entertainment Film Lifestyle People Victorian woman photographer Cameron celebrated at NY museum show NEW YORK - With a camera meant to amuse her in her solitude and some famous friends, Julia Margaret Cameron managed to forge a body of work focused on Victorian portraiture that is still celebrated a century and a half later. Continue Reading Walker Evans' Depression-era photos revisited in New York exhibit NEW YORK - From a photograph of an Alabama cotton picker's wife to scenes of urban poverty, the photographs of Walker Evans, on display in a new exhibit at New York's Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), shaped Americans' view of the Great Depression. Fashion , Lifestyle 16 Aug 2013 Los Angeles mural by graffiti artist Banksy up for auction LOS ANGELES - A mural by British graffiti artist Banksy that was painted on a Los Angeles gas station wall will be auctioned off in December and is expected to fetch upwards of $150,000, Julien's Auctions said on Monday. Lifestyle 13 Aug 2013 Romanians on trial offer to give up stolen masterpiece paintings BUCHAREST - Romanians on trial accused of stealing paintings worth tens of millions, including works by Picasso and Monet, have denied burning the artworks and are willing to give them back if a deal can be struck, their lawyers said on Tuesday. Lifestyle , 13 Aug 2013 Florence tomb opened in search for identity of Mona Lisa FLORENCE, Italy - Researchers opened a centuries-old Florence tomb on Friday in a search for remains that could confirm the identity of the woman whose enigmatic smile Leonardo da Vinci immortalized in the "Mona Lisa", one of the world's most famous paintings. Lifestyle 09 Aug 2013 Detroit launches two-month review of city assets DETROIT - Detroit will begin to assess the value of its assets, including parking meters, real estate, and a portion of the Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA) collection, in what the city called a "necessary part" of its restructuring efforts. U.S. , 05 Aug 2013 'The Cuckoo's Calling' keeps top spot on U.S. best-sellers list NEW YORK - "The Cuckoo's Calling," the detective novel written by J.K. Rowling under a pseudonym, held on to the top of the U.S. best-sellers list on Thursday. 08 Aug 2013 Portrait of doomed love conquers British public's hearts LONDON - "The Lady of Shalott", a painting by John William Waterhouse of a young woman lamenting unrequited love, has been chosen as the British public's favorite artwork, soon to be displayed among other masterpieces across the nation's billboards. Lifestyle , 08 Aug 2013 Bradley Manning play scoops British drama award EDINBURGH - A play about Bradley Manning, the U.S. soldier convicted by a military judge last week for passing classified information to anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks, has won a newly created drama prize at Britain's oldest literary awards. Fashion , 06 Aug 2013 Detroit art museum warns auction could be death knell - A top officer at the Detroit Institute of Arts predicts near-certain closure for the museum if Detroit sells major pieces from the 60,000 works in the institute's art collection as a way to address the city's dire financial situation. U.S. , Lifestyle 01 Aug 2013  Entertainment Video  Animation celebrates Pink Floyd's 'The Dark Side Of The Moon' "Getaway" provides Selena Gomez with break. Vin Diesel gets star on Walk of Fame Civil rights themes big in Hollywood this year  More Entertainment Video Slideshow Top-earning celebrities VMA highlights Miley Cyrus: Then and Now Ben Affleck to become Batman Reviews Classic Japan anti-war comic stirs history controversy TOKYO - A Japanese school board's bid to limit children's access to a classic anti-war comic has sparked an outcry from those who fear the move is part of a trend to whitewash the country's wartime past. Book Talk: India and Italy linked by food and mothers Book Talk: Philip Caputo explores the glue holding America together Prosecutors investigate Russian edition of Goebbels' novel  More Reviews Related Topics: Entertainment Film Lifestyle People  Edition: U.S. Arabic Argentina Brazil Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Latin America Mexico Russia Spain United Kingdom Back to top Reuters.com Business Markets World Politics Technology Opinion Money Pictures Videos Site Index Legal Bankruptcy Law California Legal New York Legal Securities Law Support & Contact Support Corrections Connect with Reuters Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Podcast Newsletters Mobile About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise With Us AdChoices Copyright Our Flagship financial information platform incorporating Reuters Insider An ultra-low latency infrastructure for electronic trading and data distribution A connected approach to governance, risk and compliance Our next generation legal research platform Our global tax workstation Thomsonreuters.com About Thomson Reuters Investor Relations Careers Contact Us Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news , world news , business news , technology news , headline news, small business news , news alerts, personal finance , stock market , and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video , mobile , and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests. NYSE and AMEX quotes delayed by at least 20 minutes. Nasdaq delayed by at least 15 minutes. For a complete list of exchanges and delays, please click here .  