  Search Home  Arts and Entertainment  Performing Arts  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Arts and Entertainment: Performing Arts category? Email Address: Subscribe Performing Arts RSS Feed Top Authors in Performing Arts More Arts and Entertainment categories: Arts and Entertainment (10,762) Animation (1,097) Astrology (5,920) Body Piercings (258) Casino Gambling (30,408) Filmmaking and Film Editing (885) Humanities (4,325) Humor (4,218) Movies TV (16,266) Music (40,232) Music Industry (2,955) Music Instruction (6,270) Painting (1,686) Performing Arts (5,147) Philosophy (2,466) Photography (19,803) Poetry (6,042) Short Fiction (984) Tattoos (11,578) Visual Graphic Arts (9,327) Arts and Entertainment: Performing Arts Article Category Religious Dance by Iain Duigan Dancing has long been considered an art form. People express their feelings and thoughts through intricate dance moves and well-choreographed steps. Many modern dances require a partner or a group of dancers to beautifully execute and clearly express body movements. Religious dance is no different. Jive Dancing - A Modern Take by Iain Duigan Dancing is an art that has a big part in the world's culture and history. And the amount of styles and types are endless. Jive has a bigger part in our history than we may think... How to Get the Best Concert Tickets by Marc L Fischbein Getting the best concert seats for an event can be tricky. But, I'm going to show you ways that you will have no worries and get the best tickets available. How to Pen Scripts for Theatre by Alcott Dean As you pick up your pen to narrate a story in words and sketch out a live dream or fantasy, you may have the best of imaginations that may define you as a writer. Writers are known to be very imaginative, as they are god gifted to bring any character to life with their words. But all changes when you pen scripts for theatre. They don't expect you to be imaginative but the more realistic scripts for theatre are, the more likely they will be a success. "Oh No It Isn't - Oh Yes It Is" - The Story of Pantomime by Christopher John Green Wherever the Brits have travelled pantomime has followed in their wake, so that it can be found in places like Australia and South Africa as well as countries where there is a lively expat community such as the USA. These plays pull together music, dance, comedy and acting in a unique way that only the bonkers British could ever have done. Choreography in Indian Classical Dance by Prerana Deshpande Choreography in Western Dance may seem limited. But the fact remains that elements of choreography are the basic part of conception in any Western dance creation. Where Do You Draw the Line? by Zachary K Miller Where is the line drawn between what your employer is asking you to do and what you are comfortable with? Is this line dotted? Is it bold? Is it dashed? Is it completely missing? Seriously? Just Take the Note by Zachary K Miller Do you know people that won't take a note? No matter how wrong or how bad they mess up, they are never in the wrong? Are you one of those people? Is Ballroom Dancing Sexist? by Carna Zacharias-Miller Women (and men) who are used to gender equality, can find the strict "leading" and "following" pattern of ballroom dancing off-putting. Being a women's rights advocate and a ballroom dancer at the same time, I am eager to comment on this. Head Acting - Gestures and Implications by Erik Sean McGiven The head, by its movements and gestures, can impart meaning to the character's intentions and/or feelings. Understanding the potential of these gestures and their implications is a valuable tool for actors, especially in film acting where the head and face dominate the screen image. Article discusses a number of head gestures and their meanings, and how they become more defined accompanied by dialogue, facial expressions, and blocking. Flamenco - The Original Flamenco by Eve A. Ma Originally, flamenco focused on the singer, the cantaor. As developed and preserved by gitano (Spanish Gypsy) flamenco families, this original flamenco continues to exist, and to some, is far more interesting and moving that the flamenco that focuses on the dance. Stage Fright: How to Overcome It in 2 Steps by Carna Zacharias-Miller If you are a professional or amateur dancer striving for peak performance, you probably have stage fright before your ballroom dance competition, ballet recital, or any other public dance show. Here are two easy steps that will teach you how to become a better dancer - and feel much better about yourself. The History Of The Tutu by Midge Hand When we visualise the ballerina we automatically have her dressed in the famous short classical ballet skirt with it's layers of netting helping to create a figure of elegance and grace. This iconic dance costume is called the tutu, the development of which enabled the audience to see the once-covered dancers' legs and wonderful footwork. How to Become a Better Dancer - The Easy Way by Carna Zacharias-Miller What if I told you that there is a natural method that can help you feel better about yourself and your dancing (ballroom, ballet, social, etc)? It has nothing to do with more training or any other physical effort. Learning to Be a Magician - Childhood Memories by Robert G Lodge I'm amazed at the number of children who are involved today in learning to become a magician. I guess it's the fascination of glimpsing a professional magician in action. 5 Ways to Not Get the Part by Zachary K Miller Every person has something that pisses them off. There's always that one little thing that someone else does that throws you, wait... hurls you... off the edge! Lucky for you, we have interviewed some stage managers and grilled them about what really ticks them off! Lucky for me... I am not the one getting hired! One Thing to Consider Once You Get Your First Job in the Arts: Do You Need an Emergency Fund? by Zachary K Miller One down side of the entertainment & arts industry continues to be that workers' compensation benefits are few and far between. Let's say you get hurt training or rehearsing on your own time. If you are lucky enough to carry health insurance with a benefit for when you are unable to work, you are covered. How to Get Discovered As an Actor by Tom Geoffrey London Some of us dream to become astronauts and presidents, and others dream to become famous actors. Unfortunately, it isn't as easy as most of us would like it to be. In this article I will discuss what are the chances of getting discovered as an actor, and how can once increase them. Ten Questions You Ask Before Hiring A Stage Hypnotist by Terrance Ballinger Top 10 questions to ask your hypnotist. This is a list of questions for asking a hypnotist you want to hire/book for entertainment. Some of the questions are also appropriate for asking a hypnotherapist if you want hypnotherapy. Dance Classes and the Power of Movement by Joel Chng Dance is more than just an art form. Explore how the power of movement can bring about therapeutic benefits, physical and mental development with a whole load of fun to oneself. Adding Spring Animals to Your Routine by Blake Cabot So you tried using puppets in your act and it's really not your thing? Here is something fun to try, an animal made of spring! Sorry for the rhyme, I just couldn't help myself. DVDs Help Define Acting Styles by Erik Sean McGiven Article explores how the selection and arrangement of dramatic elements depict the genre of the play and its appropriate acting style. By knowing the paradigm for each genre such as drama, comedy, suspense, or farce, the ensemble can solicit the desired audience response and likewise serve the purpose of the play. Article uses two award-winning movies available on DVD to illustrate how various dramatic attributes differentiate style. DVD's - The Alternative Acting Coach by Erik Sean McGiven With acting classes and workshops charging outlandish fees, aspiring actors are finding DVD performances by award-winning actors a cheaper and more effective means of learning their craft. Instead of the catch-as-catch-can workshop approach, students follow the lead of award-winning actors and emulate their time-tested techniques. Scene workshops charge $350 to $600 per month while DVD rental services charge as low as $8 a month, and deliver similar results. Article sights numerous clips for studying specific techniques. Five Easy Steps for How to Paint a Clown Face by Russ Kennedy Face painting is not a very difficult task; it is an activity that is liked by children as well as adults of all ages. Everyone can start painting faces, with the right advice and guidelines. Painting a funny clown is an idea that is very popular at different parties and different designs are painted on the faces according to theme of the party or the person face. What Is The Croydon Music Festival? by Madeleine Burrows There is nothing quite like getting away for a few days to enjoy the British sunshine and listen to live music at a festival. The atmospheres at festivals are amazing with everyone enjoying themselves and the music. There are a number of big name festivals that happen annually in the UK, such as Glastonbury, Download, V-Festival and Creamfields. But there are also a number of lesser-known festivals that are on annually. One of them festivals is the Croydon Music Festival. This article gives an overview of the Croydon Music Festival. Children Who Learn Dancing Carry Themselves With Poise And Confidence by Midge Hand There are several ways in which parents can nurture the talent and dreams that children have. Many however, do not realise the great role that dancing can play in developing children for whatever future they may have. When a child is introduced to dancing early in life, there are a number of advantages that she will reap from it. Screenplay Writing Based on Creative Techniques by Anthony Q Crawford Jr Writing a screenplay is unique from other forms of writing as in they are written to be seen on the screen, not read in a book. Given this factor, screenplays must be written in a very specific manner so that they don't read like prose, and so that they will play out correctly in a movie or television format. Screenwriters must think beyond the page and picture how what they are writing will look acted out by actual people. Standup Comedians - Learning the Art of Comedy by Brock Mccarthy There is little doubt that people love to laugh and this is actually something that many scientists from all over the world have recognized as being very beneficial to health. Of course, people laugh for a lot of reasons but you probably already knew that people sometimes pay to laugh. Improve Your Fitness With Dance by Iain Duigan Dancing is one of the best ways to improve your health and fitness. It improves your lifestyle in so many ways. More than just the choreography and the music, dance is a whole combination of physical work, social interactions and mental stimulation. Actors: Handling Rejection or the Road to Next (First Boo Hoo Then on to Next) by Ruth Kulerman How you handle rejection after an audition often determines the outcome of the next audition. Here we present an idea that has worked for many actors--the minute the audition is over, review it briefly and than dismiss it and on to next (the next audition). Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First  Previous 1 2 3 4 5  172 Next   EzineArticles.com  2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 