  314-991-2277 Click on any image for more details  click +1 if you like our service Home About Appointments Services Staff Night Drop Contact Welcome to Car-Doc Automotive in St Louis, your Premier Auto Repair and Service Shop Reputation... at Car-Doc Automotive our philosophy is simple... You never get a second chance to make an outstanding first impression. Ranked as one of St Louiss premier auto repair shops , we strive to deliver the best quality service, at a fair price. We stand behind every job we do with an "Iron Clad" warranty, backed by over 24 years in business at the same location. Our entire service team is ASE certified , which includes a couple of well respected Master Technicians who specialize in VW Repair and Audi Repair , Joe and Brian (AKA Oilhammer). We have been treating customers like family since 1989. From Brake Repair, Engine Repair, you name it, we got you covered! We will always strive to deliver excellent Auto Repair , maintenance and service to our clients....Check our A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau or AAA Automobile Club, or as we prefer You be the Judge. If we have exceeded your expectations, we hope you would consider referring us to your friends, co-workers & family.  Call or E-mail anytime, Thank you.  The Car-Doc Automotive team Contact "OilHammer", our VW Specialist  Certified for your benefit  Sign Up to receive a Coupon! Email * : *|HTML:EMAILERROR|* First Name: *|HTML:FNAMEERROR|* Last Name: *|HTML:LNAMEERROR|* IF you want this to work with our Facebook app, your submit button *must* start with this: . You can have whatever else you'd like in the rest  of the tag, and we'll maintain any custom "value" you set.  Mon - Fri: 7:30am - 5:30pm Looking for a new IPod? Click on the link below to enter your name and email address to participate in our quarterly drawing.Click Here to Get a New iPod Testimonials Hover over to pause John M. from St. Louis, MO , whose Toyota was in for an auto repair, on 8/17/2013 : " I would highly recommend them. I trust them to do quality work and only the work needed when it comes to repairing or servicing my vehicle. " Brian B. from Fenton, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair service, on 8/13/2013 : " The dealer told me that my oil changes were every 5000 miles when I bought the car and to bring it back to them to get it changed when it was do. However I read about Car-doc on a forum I frequent so I decided to take it into them when it was time. Not only did Car-doc inform me that the correct service interval was ever 10k miles, not 5k, they also did a once over of my car, noted some areas of concern (nothing to serious), and printed off a copy of the manufacturers recommended maintenance schedule for me. All for no charge. They now have my complete trust, and I have been going back to them for 110,000 miles now. I recommend them to anyone looking for a mechanic. " Shelley C. from Saint Peters, MO , whose Honda was in for an auto repair, on 8/13/2013 : " Excellent service. Dobbs told me that my front ball joints were bad. Dobbs gave me a $700 estimate for ball joints and alignment. I was shopping around for other estimates and heard about Car-Doc from a co-worker. I took it in for an estimate, and they said, lets see if they are really bad first. They called me and let me know that everything was fine, and I didnt need ball joints or an alignment... They saved me a lot of money. They could have told me I needed the work and I would have paid to have it done. I respect their honesty, and they have earned a customer for life! They also replaced the linkage in my wipers - and at a great price. They knew right away what was wrong when I explained it. They ask a lot of questions and spend time getting detailed information from you. So much different than these other places in town that want to get you in and out as fast as possible and up-sell a bunch of services that you dont need. Try them, you wont be disappointed! " Bill I. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Chrysler was in for an auto repair service, on 8/7/2013 : " Best shop around for honest and dependable repairs. " Dave L. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Pontiac was in for an auto repair service, on 8/2/2013 : " Knowlegeable, fairly priced, honest and do a good job to explaining what the options are for a given service or repair " Beth D. from Saint Charles, MO , whose Honda was in for an auto repair, on 8/2/2013 : " Excellent work, very happy with the service! People are awesome! " Kevin H. from Maryland Heights, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair, on 8/2/2013 : " I have referred people I know to Car-Doc because of the service I received on my vehicles. Its hard to find a service you can trust. Once found, I tell people I know this is where my cars are serviced. " Andrea B. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Toyota was in for an auto repair service, on 7/28/2013 : " The staff at Car Doc are courteous, patient when explaining the services offered  charges  most importantly they are trustworthy! I would highly recommend using Car Doc to anyone who values these things. " Mike J. from Valley Park, MO , whose Honda was in for an auto repair, on 7/17/2013 : " Good quality, efficient, easy to schedule, no hassle (dont bug you for un-needed repairs) " Sherry A. from Des Peres, MO , whose Ford was in for an auto repair, on 7/16/2013 : " Very professional, excellent service " Betsy A. from St. Charles, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair, on 7/12/2013 : " I always recommend to friends. " Rich J. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair, on 7/8/2013 : " If youre like me and want your car fixed and serviced by a trust-worthy, professional shop, take your car to Car-doc. " Bob B. from Shelbyville, KY , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair service, on 7/7/2013 : " i would tell them to be prepared for a smooth running car. Be prepared to dismiss any notions to purchase a new car. Brian was professional and knowledgeable of the vehicle. All of the Car-Doc Automotive employees were very courteous. " Steve M. from Ballwin, MO , whose Honda was in for an auto repair service, on 7/2/2013 : " Knowledgable people, great service! " Lance W. from St. Louis, MO , whose Toyota was in for an auto repair, on 7/2/2013 : " Car-Doc is better then taking your car to a dealer or anywhere else, for that matter! " Scott Z. from Dupo, IL , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair service, on 6/30/2013 : " I wont take my cars anywhere else. " Derrick S. from Saint Peters, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair service, on 6/28/2013 : " I believe Brian and Joe do great work . However, It is frustrating when your oil change description says you vaccum the front floor areas and that was certainly not done. I dont expect to have that done but dont say put it on the bill and fail to do it. That raises the question what else was not done that I paid for. " Randy S. from Olivette, MO , whose Chrysler was in for an auto repair, on 6/28/2013 : " Excellent repair work, friendly environment, they explain what your automotive repair needs are and offer alternative solutions, not looking to fleece customers " Michael P. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Toyota was in for an auto repair, on 6/26/2013 : " Attention to detail and customer service. " Mel M. from St. Louis, MO , whose Hyundai was in for an auto repair service, on 6/20/2013 : " I would highly recommend them. " Sally M. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Chevrolet was in for an auto repair, on 6/18/2013 : " Car-doc got me in right away to accommodate my busy schedule and made the repair at a reasonable price. I will definitely bring my car back to Car-doc! " Bev S. from Brentwood, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair service, on 6/11/2013 : " If you have a German crafted car, this is the place to go! They are knowledgeable, well-trained, and are nice people who are easy to converse with. " Chuck P. from Berkeley, MO , whose Ford was in for an auto repair service, on 6/10/2013 : " I always recommend Car Doc! They are the best. " Janet V. from St. Charles, MO , whose Pontiac was in for an auto repair, on 6/7/2013 : " Excellent!! I have recommended CarDoc to co-workers and friends. Many have switched from dealerships to CarDoc. " Drew K. from Chesterfield, MO , whose Kia was in for an auto repair service, on 6/6/2013 : " They do fantastic work that is done the right time. They have fair pricing that beats the dealer, they dont try and upsell you on unneccesary fixes and their customer services is outstanding (prompt call backs, and patience with explaining the problem with the car). " Steve M. from Ballwin, MO , whose Honda was in for an auto repair, on 5/31/2013 : " Knowledgeable people and great service. " Jason G. from Saint John, MO , whose Ford was in for an auto repair, on 5/30/2013 : " I was very impressed with their professionalism and customer service. Another mechanic had indicated that I needed a fairly expensive repair, and after checking the vehicle, they told me that it was not needed and that the problem was in another area. They made the repairs and the vehicle is running great! " Robert P. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Honda was in for an auto repair, on 5/15/2013 : " I would highly recommend Car-Doc for their knowledge and reliable service. One item of feedback: some shops have surprised us in the past by vacuuming the car interior, and wiping down the dashboard, in addition to the service performed. A quick cleaning of the vehicle, when service is completed, would leave us with an even more positive impression! " Maureen C. from St Louis, MO , whose Honda was in for an auto repair, on 5/15/2013 : " I once had an argument with a Car Doc tech because I wanted him to replace a radiator hose as a preventive measure, and he insisted it would be good for at least another 15,000 miles and refused to replace it. It ended up lasting longer than that. Thats why Ive been a customer for 22 years even though for the last 11 it hasnt been convenient to get my car there. But I trust them to do only whats necessary, to give me the information I need to decide what repairs to make, and to do the work well. " Mike J. from Valley Park, MO , whose Toyota was in for an auto repair service, on 5/9/2013 : " Car-doc has been a reliable shop for my cars. They are efficient and friendly and normally can accomodate my scheduling needs. " Donna A. from Maryland Heights, MO , whose Nissan was in for an auto repair service, on 4/29/2013 : " I would highly recommend Car-doc. Their quality of work and customer service is top-notch, always honest and upfront about needed repairs. The fact that Car-doc is AAA-rated is extremely important and a huge plus as well. " Cathy T. from St. Louis, MO , whose Ford was in for an auto repair service, on 4/26/2013 : " Great Place - very professional and prompt. The courtesy shuttle is always appreciated. " Bryan T. from Ofallon, MO , whose Chevrolet was in for an auto repair, on 4/25/2013 : " Swift, reliable service. High standard of mainenance. Knowledgable staff. Cleanest garage I have ever seen. " Scott B. from Fenton, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair, on 4/24/2013 : " I think the quality of work is excellent but I will have drive it for a little while to be sure. Debbie and Don were excellent and I didnt get the name of the person who drove me to my work but he was also nice. " John R. from St. Louis, MO , whose Dodge was in for an auto repair, on 4/22/2013 : " they do great work but they are alittle exspensive. But worth the money " Dave G. from Florissant, MO , whose Buick was in for an auto repair service, on 4/22/2013 : " Good service and reasonable prices.Debbie is very helpful and polite. " A. S. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Hummer was in for an auto repair, on 4/17/2013 : " Quick. Informed me as to what was going on regularly. " Matt F. from Saint Charles, MO , whose Chrysler was in for an auto repair service, on 4/17/2013 : " The service is excellent! And they have shuttle service! " Tony T. from Saint Ann, MO , whose Chevrolet was in for an auto repair service, on 4/16/2013 : " They do very good work, pricing seems high. " Steve M. from Wentzville, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair service, on 4/13/2013 : " Good service, good work, trustworthy people. " Maria K. from St. Louis, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair, on 4/13/2013 : " They know what they are doing. They also are friendly, helpful  professional. My experience with Car Doc has always been positive. " David K. from St. Louis, MO , whose Dodge was in for an auto repair service, on 4/6/2013 : " I have always been satisfied with the work. I feel the information provided to explain the repairs needed has always been clear and professional. They are always courteous and they are always prompt with phone calls informing me of the status of my vehicle. " Bill I. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Chrysler was in for an auto repair service, on 4/4/2013 : " The best most trusted automotive repair shop in the St Louis area. " Maria K. from St. Louis, MO , whose Ford was in for an auto repair, on 4/4/2013 : " We have older cars  have always received great service at Car Doc. Were not quite ready to get a new vehicle  were happy Car Doc has kept our cars running. :-) " Maria K. from St. Louis, MO , whose Ford was in for an auto repair, on 4/4/2013 : " I have a 2000 VW and Car Doc has qualified mechanic to work on my vehicle. Everyone is friendly  professional. I know they know what they are doing. " Maria K. from St. Louis, MO , whose Ford was in for an auto repair, on 4/4/2013 : " Trustworthy. I feel confident that work will be done properly. " Tim C. from St. Louis, MO , whose Scion was in for an auto repair service, on 4/4/2013 : " They do well exactly what they say they will do! Very clear about the repair/service needed and the work is performed in a timely manner. Debbie is the epitome of customer service. Always look forward to bringing my vehicle in. Keep up the good work. " Berni R. from Saint Charles, MO , whose Mitsubishi was in for an auto repair service, on 4/3/2013 : " They are always fair, convenient, and friendly. " Jimmie M. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Volvo was in for an auto repair, on 3/31/2013 : " Car-doc can be trusted to provide the best service andor recommendations. " John R. from St. Louis, MO , whose Dodge was in for an auto repair, on 3/27/2013 : " THEY DO GOOD QUALITY WORK BUT A LITTLE ON THE HIGH SIDE " John M. from St. Louis, MO , whose Chrysler was in for an auto repair service, on 3/18/2013 : " I trust Car-Docs mechanics. Their knowledge and expertise make them the easy choice for me when it comes to maintaining my vehicles. " Michael L. from Saint Louis, MO , whose Pontiac was in for an auto repair, on 3/13/2013 : " That they are honest, quick, and charge a fair price, they get the job done right the first time " Drew K. from Chesterfield, MO , whose Kia was in for an auto repair, on 3/12/2013 : " That they do great work, on time, and at a fair price. They call back, answer my questions, and never seemed bothered by customers. " Gene H. from Rock Hill, MO , whose Infiniti was in for an auto repair service, on 3/1/2013 : " Have told a lot of people they should go there. " Beverly S. from Brentwood, MO , whose Volkswagen was in for an auto repair service, on 2/6/2013 : " Great service -good work-reliable. " Click for all reviews  Powered by: AutoVitals We service and repair the following makes: Acura Repair Audi Repair BMW Repair Buick Repair Cadillac Repair Chevrolet Repair Chrysler Repair Daewoo Repair Dodge Repair Duramax Repair Ford Repair Geo Repair GM Repair GMC Repair Honda Repair Hummer Repair Hyundai Repair Infiniti Repair Isuzu Repair Jaguar Repair Jeep Repair Kia Repair Land Rover Repair Lexus Repair Lincoln Repair Mazda Repair Mercedes-Benz Repair Mercury Repair Mini Cooper Repair Mitsubishi Repair Nissan Repair Oldsmobile Repair Plymouth Repair Pontiac Repair Porsche Repair Prius Repair Range Rover Repair Saab Repair Saturn Repair Scion Repair Smart Repair Sprinter Repair Sterling Repair Subaru Repair Suzuki Repair Toyota Repair Volkswagen Repair Volvo Repair  Car-Doc Automotive , 2277 Administration Dr , St Louis , MO 63146 Phone: 314-991-2277 ,  URL: Car-Doc Automotive Car-Doc Automotives Customer Satisfaction Score of 99.33 % is based on 149 votes and 108 reviews over 6 months Certified ALLDATA Market Reviews 