 Find a Used Part. Sell Us Your Vehicle. Contact Us. About Prices. Parts Warranty Info. Body Shop and Towing. News and Links. Espanol. Map. Local Used Auto and Truck Parts. Price's Auto Parts has been selling used auto parts in Raleigh NC, Durham and Wake County areas since 1940! We offer a full line of used car parts , used truck parts , as well as van and SUV salvage parts supported by FREE local delivery *. Our sales office and salvage yard are located in Knightdale, NC just off of 540 and Buffalo Road. To start your used auto parts search, simply visit our Find a Used Part page and then contact one of our expert sales staff to complete your purchase or to continue your search. All of our in-stock used parts sales are backed by our 90 Day Warranty and our loyal customer service. For the rare or hard to find parts that may be out of stock, we gladly offer a FREE nationwide parts locator service. Our number one goal is to deliver the quality recycled parts that you need, quickly and with a smile. We also buy all types of wrecked vehicles, junk cars and trucks for recycling with FREE local pickup *! Call or stop by today and let our automotive parts experts serve you! Used Engines, Transmissions and Mechanical Parts. Price's maintains over 30,000 square feet of warehoused used car engines, used truck engines, manual and automatic transmissions, rear ends, engine parts, engine cooling systems (radiators, condensers) axles, suspensions and many other drive train parts. We take the time to dismantle and store mechanical parts that might be affected by the elements in order to assure that we deliver the best quality used parts available to get that vehicle back on the road. Used Auto Body Parts. In addition to our 30,000 square feet of warehouse space, we have over 30 acres of inventoried salvage parts vehicles carefully maintained to preserve the fenders, front ends, hoods, bumpers, doors, grilles, deck lids, taillights, headlights, rear clips and many other body parts that you may need to complete your auto body repair job. All at great prices! We can also help with the installation and painting of those used body parts at our full service auto body repair facility - Prices Paint  Body Shop. Used Tires, Wheels and Auto Accessories. Because we process such a high volume of vehicles for salvage , we have a great inventory of good used tires, stock and aftermarket aluminum alloy wheels, used radios, cd players changers, interior parts, truck seats, carpets, air bags, air bag modules and just about any other parts on the interior or exterior of a vehicle! Selling a Junk Car or Truck for Salvage. Looking to sell a wrecked or salvage vehicle? Looking for FREE junk car, truck or vehicle removal ? Call us and we will pick it up today*! Price's has a full fleet of wreckers, rollbacks and offers 24 hour towing and recovery service for any size towing job in and around Raleigh, NC. * Call for complete details about local parts delivery and junk vehicle pickup restrictions. We serve local cities and geographical areas including: NC, SC, VA Wake County, Johnston County, Durham County, Knightdale, Raleigh, Wake Forest, Garner, Smithfield, Goldsboro, Greensboro, Burlington, High Point, Winston Salem, Charlotte, Durham, Chapel Hill, Apex, Cary, Reidsville, Mt. Airy, Fayetteville, Roanoke, Lynchburg, Richmond, Sanford, Danville, Martinsville, Roanoke Rapids, Greenville, Rocky Mount, Kinston, Wilson, Kenly, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia. We sell used parts from all makes and models of salvage autos including: GM, Buick, Chevrolet, Pontiac, Cadillac, Oldsmobile, Saturn, Ford, Lincoln, Mercury, Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep, Toyota, Nissan, Honda, Lexus, Infinity, Volvo, Saab, Mercedes, BMW, Hyundai , Mazda, Suzuki, Mitsubishi, Kia, Acura, Subaru, Jaguar. Also find us at www.salvageyardsraleigh.com , www.junkcarbuyersnc.com and www.usedautopartsnc.com . Home | Sitemap | Copyright 2010 Price's Auto Parts 1900 Old Crews Road Knightdale, NC All Rights Reserved. 800-672-9211 Website Design, Marketing  Management by: Automotiveinet Designs 