 Top College News Subscribe to the Newsletter Home  Receive campus news in your inbox. Sign up for the email edition. Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Subscribe to our RSS feed Sign up for Our Newsletter Home News Sports Opinion Arts and Entertainment Lifestyles Restaurant Review Map About Us Classifieds Reader Submissions  The Quad News  Arts and Entertainment Monologues Send a Powerful Message With a Side of Humor serosenbaum.quadnews@gmail.com Published: Sunday, February 21, 2010 Updated: Monday, February 22, 2010 11:02  Photo courtesy of Google Images Fourteen women, dressed in black with various accents of pink and red, graced the stage of Buckman Theater this weekend to perform the Vagina Monologues. The production, based on the award-winning play by writer and women's activist Eve Ensler, and orchestrated by the Women Activists and Allies Vocalizing Equality (WAVE) student organization at Quinnipiac, covered seventeen segments in which the female sex organ is the focus. From laughs to laments, atrocities to orgasms, vagina happy facts to vagina not-so-happy facts, the Vagina Monologues was, at its core, an hour of education. Sponsored by WAVE and directed by WAVE co-president, senior English major Bianca Ursillo, the Monologues came together in a short three week span before the two performances this weekend. While the short rehearsal time was evident in the actors' use of scripts while on stage, the strong acting and powerful subject matter made for an impressive act. A standout performance was delivered by freshman biology/pre-med major Danielle Slupicki, in not one but two roles. In one of the first monologues of the evening, Slupicki portrayed a 72-year-old native New Yorker who's never experienced an orgasm in "The Flood." With a heavy New York accent, convincing body language and an understated grace, Slupicki was hilarious and poignant, eliciting both laughs and awes from the audience. In a later act, Slupicki also played the title character in "The Woman Who Loved to Make Vaginas Happy." While the first piece proved to be her strong point, in the second as a sex worker who serves women exclusively, Slupicki held her own, and was particularly captivating in her rendition of various moans. After all, how many college freshman would be confident enough to mimic "the surprise triple orgasm moan" to a theater full of their peers and possibly their relatives? A bold move, and one Slupicki dominated. Molly Heintzelman, a junior English major, also delivered a strong performance. Heintzelman was the only actress to perform without the assistance of a script, and this confidence carried throughout her monologue "Reclaiming Cunt." A fast-paced breakdown of the four letter word, Heintzelman delivered the skit comfortably with a dose of humor, captivating the audience and inducing some interaction. It's no small feat getting a theater full of people yelling "cunt" with positive connotations. Ursillo's rendition of "Because He Liked to Look at It" was the understated genius of the evening. Quieter than Slupicki and Heintzelman's performances but no less captivating, Ursillo had down the pacing of speech, simple facial expressions, and natural voice inflections of a seasoned actress. The Vagina Monologues was like a dress rehearsal for hercalm, confident, and poised for something greater. Although humor plays a large role in it, the Vagina Monologues is first and foremost an instrument of the V-Day Movement, Ensler's global crusade to end violence against women. Themes of abuse run throughout the Monologues, in the spirit of raising awareness to combat this global problem. "The Crooked Braid," "My Vagina Was My Village," "2010 Spotlight Monologue" and "The Little Coochi Snorcher That Could" are three skits that highlight these issues. Senior theater major Bret Bucci delivered in a flawless Southern accent the story of woman that endured a string of abuses to her "coochi snorcher," including a rape, before rediscovering herself and her sexuality. Bucci, one of only two theater majors in the cast, was proof that a theater education from Quinnipiac can produce a talented young actress. The final montage of statements collected into the "2010 Spotlight Monologue" focused on these serious issues. In a powerful final performance, seven members of the cast came together to tell in first-person the story of a young women named Marta who was kidnapped then raped and abused for two years before finally escaping to freedom. All proceeds from the performance were donated to the Women and Girls of Democratic Republic of Congo and the Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network foundations. For more information on the Vagina Monologues and V-Day, visit www.vday.org . Recommended: Articles that may interest you Facebook Comments Site Comments 1 comments    Bianca     Mon Feb 22 2010 14:01    Hey Sarah! Great article :) I just wanted to let you know that WAVE raised $600 in total for the charities you listed!   Add comment       I have read and accepted     I am not posting spam. I understand posting spam or other comments that are unrelated to this article will cause my comment to be flagged for deletion and possibly cause my IP address to be permanently banned from this server. log out  secParents;  Most Popular Tips From The Hood: Team Names Disney Channel Stars: Good Role Models? Why Do People Hate Nickelback? Country Stars Get Inked Illegal Downloading Benefits All Photo of the Day  The Quad News Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Subscribe to our RSS feed Sign up for Our Newsletter This site is powered by: is a member of the Official Music Sponsor: 