  Obituaries  Classifieds  Autos  Homes  For Sale  For Rent  Jobs  Celebrations  Place An Ad  Self-Serve  Contact & Deadlines  Newspaper Ads  myLOCALFLYERS.ca  Classifieds  Obituaries  Classifieds  Autos For Sale  For Rent Jobs  Celebrations Self-Serve  Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads  myLOCALFLYERS.ca  Subscriber Services  Subscribe To Print Edition  E-edition  Sign Up For Website Access  Renew Your Subscription  Press + Account Services  Subscription Inquiries  Change Of Address  Delivery Problem  Vacation Stops  More  Shopping  Contact Us  Home News B.C. National World Business Money Technology Working Sports Hockey Soccer Football Baseball Basketball Golf Auto Racing Tennis Rugby Cricket Fishing Maps Entertainment Go! Music Books Movies Television Life Raise-a-Reader Health Travel Driving Homes Food & Drink Two Dozen Things Opinion Blogs Letters Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Galleries Go! Music Books Movies Television HEADLINES: Two escorts found dead in same New Westminster apartment complex B.C. school boards ordered to cover wage increases Esquimalt losing its only B.C. government liquor store Disability advocates take aim at Sidney's motorized wheelchair proposal Capital Region considering Canada geese cull B.C.'s volunteer firefighters feeling strain of workloads  Theatre  Fringe reviews: 2 for Tea a bona fide hit Adrian Chamberlain  /   Times Colonist About 20 new shows will arrive at the Victoria Fringe Theatre Festival this week.Festival publicist Sean Guist said the fresh crop travels directly from the Edmonton ... Previous Next  Three Victoria film projects get funding Three Victoria filmmakers have received funding and a broadcast commitment for their new short ...  Fine Tuning: Just entertainment Espionage, surveillance techniques, covert operations and high-tech stuff wrapped up in a ripping ... Atwood, Gilmour, Boyden among big names in Canadian fall book season TORONTO - New novels from Margaret Atwood, David Gilmour and Joseph Boyden along with memoirs by ...  Jay Baruchel writing sitcom for ABC about actor disaffected with Hollywood TORONTO - Jay Baruchel is angling a return to TV.ABC says the "Goon" star is working on a ...  All is fair in love and 'Storage Wars,' as the franchise makes its way to Canada TORONTO - War — what is it good for? Ratings, apparently.TV's "Storage Wars" franchise — where ...  Music Review: Scottish indie rockers Franz Ferdinand make loud comeback with 4th ... Franz Ferdinand, "Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action," (Domino)It's been four years since ... Affidavit: OKC police smelled 'overwhelming odour of marijuana' on tour bus of ... OKLAHOMA CITY - A police affidavit says an Oklahoma City police officer who pulled over the tour ...  Caroline Kennedy, Lynda Johnson Robb join commemoration of March on Washington WASHINGTON - Caroline Kennedy is joining the lineup of speakers commemorating the 50th anniversary ... Dan Zanes teams up with Elizabeth Mitchell to create music for toddlers and their ... NEW YORK, N.Y. - Dan Zanes and Elizabeth Mitchell had only been playing for about 10 minutes when ...  'Paradise Valley' top album on iTunes in Canada iTunes in Canada top 10 for the week ending Aug. 25.ALBUMS1 Paradise Valley _ John Mayer2 ... Selena Gomez chides reporter who asks what Taylor Swift said at the VMAs LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction...  '42' actor Chadwick Boseman to play James Brown in long-planned biopic NEW YORK, N.Y. - After bringing Jackie Robinson to the big screen, Chadwick Boseman is going to try...  More Movies   '42' actor Chadwick Boseman to play James Brown in long-planned biopic  NEW YORK, N.Y. - After bringing Jackie Robinson to the big screen, Chadwick Boseman is going to try another icon: James Brown.Boseman has been cast to play the Godfather of ...  More Music   Music Review: Scottish indie rockers Franz Ferdinand make loud comeback with 4th ...  Franz Ferdinand, "Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action," (Domino)It's been four years since Franz Ferdinand's last album "Tonight: Franz Ferdinand," and in that time ...  More Television   A fall harvest of new broadcast TV shows, but how many will viewers want to spend ...  NEW YORK, N.Y. - There's something antiquated about the custom long known as the Fall TV Season.It was born of a bygone era (and still harkens back to it) when fall ...  More Books   Paterniti chronicles more than the making of a famous Spanish cheese in 'The Telling...  "The Telling Room: a Tale of Love, Betrayal, Revenge, and the World's Greatest Piece of Cheese" (...  Photo galleries from the Times Colonist  Gallery: Greater Victoria, Aug. 19 - 26  Photo Gallery: On the Rocky Mountaineer  Photo Gallery: The overlooked Yellowstone Gallery: RCMP Musical Ride in Greater Victoria  Gallery: Greater Victoria photos, Aug. 12 - 18  Gallery: World news in photos Gallery: Greater Victoria photos, Aug. 6 to 11  Gallery: How to make your own ice cream sandwiches  Gallery: Victoria's Ryan Cochrane wins 800-metre freestyle in SPain  Gallery: Evergreen Shopping Centre fire  Gallery: Greater Victoria in Photos, July 15 -21  Gallery: Victoria Buskers Festival Gallery: Tudor House Pub Fire  Gallery: Greater Victoria in photos, July 8 -15  Gallery: Greater Victoria, July 1 to 7  Gallery: Hillside Shopping Centre makeover  Gallery: KISS in Victoria  Gallery: Van Isle Windows  Gallery: Fire takes roof off Beach Drive home  Gallery: Greater Victoria, June 25 to July 2  Featured Blogs Digital Access 10 reasons to not complain about paying for online news It was the kind of coincidence Alanis... Aug 27, 2013  OMG, what if I don't have a pretty face? lack·a·dai·si·cal adjective \ˌla-kə-ˈdā-zi-kəl\Definition of... Aug 25, 2013  Spiritually Speaking Meditation on conflict of realities Times are confusing. We’re undeniably heading... Aug 24, 2013 Popular Entertainment Most Recent Most Read  Music Review: Scottish indie rockers Franz Ferdinand make loud comeback with 4th album Affidavit: OKC police smelled 'overwhelming odour of marijuana' on tour bus of rapper 2 Chainz Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Caroline Kennedy, Lynda Johnson Robb join commemoration of March on Washington Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Dan Zanes teams up with Elizabeth Mitchell to create music for toddlers and their parents Tuesday, August 27, 2013 'Paradise Valley' top album on iTunes in Canada Tuesday, August 27, 2013  Toronto culinary star Lynn Crawford to compete in 'Top Chef Masters' Book review: Novel looks at those who fought Islamist tide in Iran, but fails to gel Wednesday, June 19, 2013 Chef describes lives of Michael Jackson's children, including daughter's last birthday party Tuesday, June 18, 2013 Snooki meets 'Jersey Shore' nemesis NJ Gov Chris Christie, laments 'he just doesn't like us' Friday, May 24, 2013 Funeral services set for actor James Gandolfini in NYC on Thursday Sunday, June 23, 2013 Event Listings Community Events Go! Calendar  Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local event  Go! Calendar: Aug. 23 to Aug. 29  News And Tools  Life   News   Obituaries   Newspaper Ads   Job Listings   Car Listings   Properties For Sale   Place An Ad   Infomart  Other  myLOCALFLYERS.ca   About Us   Subscriber Services   Victoria Early Years   Contact Us   Advertise With Us   Terms and Conditions   Sponsorship Information  Social  Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright ®2013 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.  