   Search  Home  Pathways  Language Arts Login with Facebook! Access ALL of Lesson Pathways by logging in with your Facebook account... no registration required !  Login with Facebook You can also link your existing Lesson Pathways account to your Facebook account by clicking the button above. Language Arts Lesson Pathways provides a comprehensive language arts program for Pre-K through fifth grade. Each unit is based on a literature selection and language arts concept. The goal is to increase your child's appreciation and comprehension of literature through hands-on and printable activities. Although each year builds upon concepts taught in previous guided journeys, you can begin our language arts study with any year.   The Pre-K Language Arts Guided Journey teaches your child the letters of the alphabet and a different readiness skill each week. In addition, each week provides fun activities based on a theme. You can enhance your child's literacy during the year by selecting from the suggested picture books that go with the letter and theme of the week. Each week, your child will add a page to his or her alphabet book.    In Year K Language Arts and Year 1 Language Arts , each unit is based on either a picture book, short story, or poem. All literature selections are available online. During the week, your child will enjoy games, crafts, and activities that increase his or her comprehension and enjoyment of the literature selection. Your child will be introduced to several sight words each week and will also review previously taught sight words. Each unit also teaches a language arts or grammar concept. In Year 1, your child will create an All About Me book to practice writing and composition, completing a simple weekly writing assignment to add to the book.   During the Year 2 Language Arts and Year 3 Language Arts , chapter books are added to the Guided Journey along with poetry, stories, and picture books. You will need to find copies of the chapter books (available at most public libraries) to read during those weeks. Your child will continue to learn a language arts/grammar concept and complete activities based on the literature selection. Each week, your child will complete three writing assignments related to the literature selection or language arts concepts.   In Year 4 Language Arts , children will continue their adventure in Language Arts, exploring increasingly more complex selections of literature, with the objective to develop an understanding and appreciation of poetry, stories, and chapter books. During the year, you and your child will continue to read chapter books, short stories, and poems together. Because of the length of the chapter books, you will spend several weeks on each book. Each week, you will complete activities that help your child better understand and enjoy the stories and books.   Year 5 Language Arts will provide your learner with a variety of chapter books and poetry. Some of the favorites covered include " Dear Mr. Henshaw " by Beverly Cleary, " Bud, Not Buddy " by Christopher Paul Curtis, and " The Giver " by Lois Lowry. Literary elements such as theme, character, setting, and plot will be covered. A study of literary techniques covering personification, simile, metaphor, and alliteration is included in this Guided Journey as well. This year will also provide an introduction to research methods, including the basics of note taking, citation, bibliography writing, revising, and editing. Year 5 also provides children with the opportunity to build their writing skills. Each week includes two writing assignments, one of which explores an aspect of the literature selection. Children will also learn and practice spelling and vocabulary words that have been carefully selected from each week's reading selection. The Language Arts Guided Journeys are intended to be used in conjunction with a reading/phonics program and a handwriting program. You can use the LessonPathways.com Reading and Phonics program for Years K, 1, and 2 , or select a program of your choice.    All of  Lesson Pathways spelling lists can now be found at Spelling City! Tags Type:  Subject  Navigation Home | Blog | Forums | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Help Copyright  2009 Lesson Pathways 