  Facebook  Twitter  YouTube  Pinterest Google Plus  Blog Chat With Us Events Meetings  Conventions Weddings Press  Experience Features Guides Stories Photos Videos Read Blog About Gatlinburg Deals Stay Deals Play Deals Dine Deals Shopping Deals Wedding Deals Stay Bed & Breakfasts, Inns & Lodges Campgrounds Chalets & Cabins Condominiums Hotels & Motels Play Family Attractions Live Entertainment Outdoor Activities Special Events Winter Activities Arts & Crafts Shopping Breweries, Distilleries and Wineries Weddings & Romance Dine Barbecue Casual Dining Family Dining Southern Style Breakfast/Pancake House Coffee Shop Deli/Cafe Steakhouse Italian Pizza Joints Seafood Mexican Tea Room Fine Dining Ice Cream/Frozen Custard Home  Gatlinburg News  Events  Gatlinburg Fine Arts Festival gatlinburg fine arts festival A family oriented fine arts festival featuring juried artists from around the country and music on the campus of Arrowmont School of Arts & Crafts in downtown Gatlinburg.   Combine fine art, a gorgeous mountain backdrop, diversity in creativity from across the nation, a national renowned school of arts and crafts, and what do you have? That would be the 9th Annual Gatlinburg Fine Arts Festival at Arrrowmont, set October 4-6, 2013, at the base of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, showcasing artists at the top of their fields. Participating exhibitors are chosen by jury in 16 categories ranging from ceramics and glass to watercolor and woodworking; $10,000 in prizes and purchase vouchers is at stake. For artists, the festival is a prestige event. For visitors, its a guaranteed opportunity to enjoy the best in fine art, a fantastic free children activity program, listening to music, and gaze at the nearby mountains. The 2013 three-day fair will be headquartered on the grounds of Arrowmont School of Arts and Crafts and is scheduled October 4 through October 6, 2013, with attendees of the free event able to mingle with their favorite artists and view an outstanding array of their creations. A special Night with the Artist Party will be part of the festivities. While admission to the festival is free to visitors, the event serves as a major fundraiser for Arrowmont, the Sevier County Arts Council and the Gatlinburg Boys  Girls Club art program. Share This:  Event Search Spring Summer Fall Winter Latest News   Date:  October 4, 2013 - October 6, 2013  Location:  Arrowmont Visit Website   Admission:  FREE  Ask Us Anything eNews Signup Free Vacation Guide Contact Us View Mobile Site Local Services FAQs Sitemap Associations Chamber of Commerce City of Gatlinburg Gatlinburg Goes Green City of Gatlinburg  Gatlinburg Goes Green Tennessee Department of Tourist Development Sunny Side Trail  2013 Gatlinburg Convention and Visitors Bureau. Site by  Paramore  Aristotle 