 Auto World Blog Home Register Login Subscribe Author information is disabled per default. Uncomment and fill in your details if you want to use it.AuthorA little something about you, the author. Nothing lengthy, just an overview. Categories American Muscle Auto World Model Cars Parts Race Sets Round 2 Slot Cars Recent Posts UltraRAW – Top Secret Chase Cars My First Slot Car Kit Berrien County Youth Fair Auto World Trophy Winners Auto World UltraRed Auto World 1:64 Die-cast Release 2 – Plus SNEAK PEEK!  Jr. Model contest winners Amateur And Serious Slot Car Racing  Custom Car Culture loses an icon: Dean Jeffries posted by RebaR 6:53 PM Friday, May 10, 2013 If Dean Jeffries thought you were crazy, hed say you were bananas. If he liked what you were doin, hed say thats bitchin! The car modeling world, as well as 1:1 custom car culture has lost a great man. His disposition was humble, yet his self taught talents were immense. Sure, he started with pin striping and flame painting, but what about those cars! Who can argue the design and execution of the Mantaray? If its not the most exciting custom car ever built, we dont know what is. In fact, back in the 1960s, plans to produce the Mantaray as a 1/25 model kit were drawn up by the original Kats at AMT. Later, the plans landed in the hands of MPC, but a slot car instead of a static kit was the single item to be produced. Other 1:1 custom cars designed and built by Dean that became incredibly successful model kits include the Monkeemobile and Coyote dune buggy, both released by MPC in 1:25 scale. The infamous Green Hornet Black Beauty was released as a 1:32 scale kit by Aurora and later by Polar Lights. We feel privileged to have known Dean and are very sad about his passing. We hope that wherever he is, hes striping and building bitchin customs.  This entry was postedon Friday, May 10th, 2013 at 6:53 pmand is filed under Slot Cars .You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Auto World Blog social media advertising by iePlexus.com. Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS) . 