  home | non-fair events | non-fair facility rental | fairtime employment General Information Accessibility Attendance Brochures  Daily Schedules Campgrounds Directions  Maps Fair History/Archives Get to the Fair Avoiding Construction Bike to the Fair Express Bus Service Maps  Directions Parking Park  Ride Regular Route Bus Service Groups Guest Services Hours Lodging Phone Numbers Smart Phones Visitor Guide Tickets  Discounts Admission and Discount Days Blue Ribbon Bargain Book Box Office Online On the Fairgrounds Deals, Drawings  Giveaways Grandstand Tickets Grandstand Info Guide Purchasing Grandstand Tickets Seating Chart Midway/Kidway Tickets Entertainment Adventure Park, Attractions  More! Adventure Park Arts A'Fair Lasertainment Luminarium Agricultural  Animal Exhibits Agrilympics Aisle of Breeds CHS Miracle of Birth The Dirt EquiMania! Little Farm Hands Moo, Baa  Oink Booths Pet Center See the Animals Thank a Farmer Magic Show Alphabet Forest Coliseum Shows Daily Parade Eco Experience Free Entertainment All Stages Baldwin Park Bandshell Bandshell Tonight Leinie Lodge Bandshell Bazaar Bazaar Stage Festival of Nations Stage Heritage Square Heritage Square Stage Variety Showcase Lineup More Free Music The North Woods Lumberjack Show Ron Schara Ramberg X-Zone Flippenout Skateboard Park Grandstand Midway  Kidway Talent Contests Competition  Contests Enter a Competition How to Enter 4-H Ag-Hort-Bee Creative Activities Education FFA Fine Arts Horses Livestock Judging Schedule Milk Run 5K Race Overnight Livestock Parking Results Talent Contest Fun Commemorative Art Commercials Dance Party Fair Trivia Giant Sing Along Hot Shots Photo Contest New Food for 2013 New Attractions for 2013 Photo Galleries for 2013 State Fair Four Time-Lapse Videos Fair Finders Food Finder Fun Finder Merch Search  FINE ARTS The fine arts department of the Minnesota State Fair presents an annual art exhibition that is the result of a juried competition. Participation is open to all living residents of Minnesota, and each may submit one work for consideration. Only those works selected by the jurors are displayed in the Fine Arts Center during the State Fair. In 2012, a total of 2,267 pieces were submitted, and 365 works were accepted. State Fair Fine Arts Exhibition: 2012 Peoples Choice Award: Am I Your Pride and Joy by Daniel Volenec 2012 Kids Choice Award: Bless the Beasts and Children by Attila Ray Dabasi Registration for the Minnesota State Fair Fine Arts Competition is required . Eligible artists must register their work. Registration must be completed online no later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, July 1, 2013. Registration absolutely closes July 1 at 4:30 p.m. IMPORTANT: ENTRIES WILL NOT BE RECEIVED IF NOT REGISTERED. GENERAL INFORMATION AND RULES FOR ENTRY: The Fine Arts Rules and Regulations will be available for download April 1. Please be sure to read the rules and regulations document before beginning the registration process. JURY PROCESS: There are now two phases of the jury process. In Phase 1, jurors will first review submitted digital images to determine which works will be delivered for Phase 2. Phase 2 will be an in-person jury review to determine the works to be accepted for the 2013 Fine Arts Exhibition at the Minnesota State Fair. Please take care in photographing your work. The jury will consist of recognized individuals in their respective media. All artists will be notifies via email of the decisions of the jurors. Phase 1 submission process: We now require each entrant to submit a digital image(s) of their work. Images should be in JPEG format. We recommend the shortest dimension of the submitted image be 1000 pixels. Artists MUST submit AT LEAST ONE DIGITAL IMAGE of the entry. Only one image is required, but entrants are allowed up to THREE total images to present the ONE work. If images of more than one work are submitted, entrant will be disqualified. For three dimensional art (generally classes 2, 6, 7), each image may be used to present a different view of the object in space. For two dimensional art (generally classes 1, 3, 4, 5, 8), the first image must be a full, frontal view, while the other two may be details of the work. DIGITAL PROCESS: As digital technology continues to expand and influence the way many artists work, not simply photographers, we are changing our policy regarding entries that display digital process. Acceptance of these entries is expanded to all classes. Please note that this applies to the finished work itself, not the process of entering the submission. For instance, digitally photographing an oil painting for submission does not constitute digital process. However, if an oil painting includes a digitally printed photo as a collage element, that does constitute an element of digital process. During registration, for identification purposes and to insure we are best serving our participants, entrants will be asked to indicate if the submitted work includes digital process, and to describe that element. WEB PRESENCE: We recommend all artists establish a web presence. Participation in the Fine Arts Exhibition is an opportunity to make a lasting connection with viewers, many of whom might be interested in seeing more work. There are several options for creating a web page to display art and resume information, many are free (for example: www.mnartists.org). ELIGIBILITY: Original works by living residents of Minnesota executed since January 1, 2011. Work of students eligible only if executed without the help of the instructor. Works that have been accepted and shown in a previous Minnesota State Fair Fine Arts Exhibition are ineligible. NOTE: Students in grades K-12 who are looking to enter artwork and photographs should do so in our education department competitions. Although the fine arts competition is open to any Minnesota artist, regardless of age, it is a highly competitive contest and we strongly recommend students enter the education department competition, where their work will be judged solely against their peers. PLEASE NOTE: Any work accepted in the fine arts competition listed FOR SALE by the exhibitor will be sold through the Minnesota State Fair at a 20 percent commission. All accepted entries will remain on exhibit during the run of the State Fair even if sold. IMPORTANT DATES REGISTRATION is required for all fine arts divisions and will be available beginning April 1. Entries will not be received if not previously registered . Registration must be completed online or postmarked by 4:30 p.m. on Monday, July 1. Online registration absolutely closes July 1 at 4:30 p.m. PHASE 1: From July 10-14, jurors will review submitted digital images to determine which works will be delivered for Phase 2. All artists will be notifies via email of the decisions of the jurors on July 15-16. PHASE 2: Entries selected for Phase 2 will be received on Saturday and Sunday, July 27 and 28 from 10 a.m.-8 p.m. All Phase 2 artists will be notified via email of the decisions of the jurors on July 31-Aug. 1. DELIVERY OF PHASE 2 ENTRIES: Received at the Fine Arts Center, corner of Randall and Cosgrove (on the State Fairgrounds) Saturday, and Sunday, July 27  28, 10 a.m.8 p.m. RETURN OF ENTRIES: Unaccepted work must be picked up from the Fine Arts Center Saturday or Sunday, Aug. 3  4 from 10 a.m.8 p.m. Accepted work must be picked up from the Fine Arts Center Tuesday or Wednesday, Sept. 3  4, 10 a.m.7 p.m. FIRST GLANCE EVENT: Tuesday, Aug. 20, 5-7 p.m. The Minnesota State Fair Foundation 501(c)(3) invites artists, friends and family to support the future of the arts at the Minnesota State Fair. This is your chance to get a first glance at the selected works and celebrate art at the fair with arts enthusiasts. Light refreshments available. Tickets will be available for purchase in July at www.msffoundation.org or by calling (651) 288-4323. PREVIEW NIGHT: Tuesday, Aug. 20, 7-9:30 p.m. at the Fine Arts Center, for participating and non-participating artists and their friends. For further information, please email us or call us directly at (651) 288-4417. Peoples Choice Awards: 2012 Peoples Choice Award: Am I Your Pride and Joy by Daniel Volenec 2012 Kids Choice Award: Bless the Beasts and Children by Attila Ray Dabasi DOWNLOADABLES: The fine arts rules and regulations can be viewed and printed using Adobe Acrobat Reader version 5 or higher. If you do not have Acrobat Reader or have an older version, you may download the most current Acrobat Reader by clicking here. Fine Arts Rules and Regulations ONLINE REGISTRATION: Online registration will absolutely close on July 1 at 4:30 p.m. Please be sure to PRINT AND READ the rules and regulations document before beginning online registration, as you are responsible for the important information it contains regarding your entry. IMPORTANT: Due to issues with Microsofts image uploader code, the Web browsers Internet Explorer 8 and 10 are NOT supported for online registration. You will not be able to upload your image(s) using that browser. You must upload your image using Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox or Apple Safari. Please go to one of their websites to download a free browser on your computer before beginning your registration. Online Registration is now closed. SPECIAL AWARDS: For 2013, $3,150 in additional prizes will be awarded and provided by: American Swedish Institute, Anoka-Ramsey Community College, Banfill-Locke Center for the Arts, Bloomington Theatre and Art Center, Patricia Kennedy Crump Memorial, Robert Crump Memorial, Friends of the Hopkins Center for the Arts, Crist Delmonico Memorial Painting Award, Maple Grove Arts Center, The Ron Merchant Award, Robert Meyer Sculpture Award, Minnesota Citizens for the Arts, Minnesota Porcelain Arts Guild, Minnesota Quilters Inc., Minnesota State Fair Foundation, North Hennepin Community College, Northern Clay Center, Northstar Water Media Society, Jennifer and William Oliver, Textile Center, Tweed Museum of Art, Vesper College Eco-Art Award, Walker Art Center Ingenuity Award, White Bear Center for the Arts. In addition, the Minnesota Museum of American Art will purchase one work from the 2013 juried exhibition for the MMAAs permanent collection. Salon 300: Attention Minnesota Artists: The Hopkins Center for the Arts will host the 11th annual exhibition of work accepted for Phase 2, but not selected for the Minnesota State Fair Fine Arts Exhibition. This provides Minnesota artists with increased opportunity for exhibiting their work. Rules and specifications for the Salon 300 exhibition are available by clicking here . about us fair departments sponsorship  mobile marketing becoming a vendor concessions  exhibits midway media room recognition programs employment opportunities site map contact us Call Us: (651) 288-4400 Write Us: 1265 Snelling Ave. N., St. Paul, MN 55108-3109 Privacy Policy Minnesota State Fair. All rights reserved. 