 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Car Maintenance Do It Yourself Car Maintenance DIY Automotive Repairs DIY Automotive Repairs By William Zane , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Do-it-yourself auto repair is an increasingly common undertaking by car owners who are interested in saving a little (or a lot) of money by doing some of the things that a mechanic would normally do. Performing your own car maintenance is a satisfying endeavor that is both challenging and educational. Other People Are Reading Do it Yourself Car Vehicle Repairs Car Air Conditioner Parts: The Evaporator Gather Resources If you are serious about working on your own vehicle, a good first step is to purchase a detailed workshop manual for the car that you own. Several publishing companies, including Bentley, Haynes, Chilton and others, produce detailed workshop manuals for most makes of cars. Spend an evening looking over the manual to get a feel for how your vehicle is put together, what jobs are easy and what might be more challenging. Educate Yourself Most large metropolitan areas have community colleges that offer classes on a variety of subjects, including car repair and maintenance. Join the local club for the type of vehicle that you own so you can interact with other owners who share an interest in car maintenance work. Many of these clubs sponsor tech sessions led by experienced mechanics who talk about a variety of technical subjects. The Internet is a gold mine of information on automobiles. Become active on the forums that have been created for your specific make and model of car. For example, the Pelican Parts Porsche 911 Technical BBS is a huge resource for owners of Porsche 911s who want to learn more about the car. Obtain Tools and Supplies If you have ever been in your mechanic's work area, you know how many tools and specialized devices can be used to work on cars. But while it's great to have a huge selection of tools to choose from, most basic automotive repairs can be performed with a socket set, some wrenches and miscellaneous other tools like screwdrivers. Buy a good set of metric sockets if you own a European or Japanese car or a set of standard sockets if you have an American car or truck. Another important tool to have on hand is a torque wrench, which allows to check how tight your bolts are installed. Gather specialized tools as repairs come up on your vehicle. Start Small Start working on your car with a smaller job like changing the oil and filter or changing the spark plugs. As you become more comfortable with your skills, move on to jobs like performing suspension and brake work. Before long, you'll be tackling larger jobs like an engine rebuild or tracking down electrical problems with a voltage meter.  Related Searches References Auto-Facts.org: DIY auto repair help Resources Bentley Publishers: Automotive Reference Pelican Parts: Porsche 911 Technical Forum Snap-On Tools More Like This Do it Yourself Car Vehicle Repairs Car Air Conditioner Parts: The Evaporator Do it Yourself Auto Repair Videos You May Also Like Do it Yourself Car Repairs Do-it-yourself auto repair techniques vary in difficulty. One technique that can be done quickly and with a few supplies is a repair... DIY Auto Repair Help Getting the proper help to repair a vehicle is important when considering safety and efficiency. When undertaking a car repair yourself, make... Do it Yourself Car Vehicle Repairs Knowing how to perform basic repairs on your vehicle can help you bypass the costs of taking your car to a mechanic... DIY Automotive Wiring You may need to perform do-it-yourself (DIY) automotive wiring under a number of different circumstances. Install new wiring when installing aftermarket accessories... DIY: Auto Body Repair Auto body repair can be expensive to have professionally done. You can do it yourself, but if not done correctly, it can... Do it Yourself Auto Repair Videos If you want to share your knowledge of car repair and help others fix their automobiles, setting up a video blog or... DIY Car Brake Repairs Do-it-yourself brake repair has been around since there were brakes. Todays vehicles, though, have integrated brakes with computer sensors and parts. Some... DIY Auto Interior One of the best ways to make a car look, feel and smell like new is installing a new interior. But an... Do it Yourself Auto Repair Diagnosis Auto repair diagnosis can be tricky at times. Still, using a systematic approach, you can make your job much easier in solving... DIY Car Scratch Repair Scratches can make your car look ugly and cause rust damage. From light scratches that are barely noticeable to deep scratches down... DIY How to Install an Auto Thermostat DIY How to Install an Auto Thermostat. Typically, automotive thermostats are located in one of two places on an engine. ... Car... Automotive DIY Diagnostic Software If your car is experiencing mechanical or electrical problems, then you may need to use an OBD II scanner to help diagnose... DIY Auto Body Do-It-Yourself Auto Body Repair. ... Do it Yourself Auto Body. Automotive body work is something most people would never consider doing on... Do it Yourself Instructions for Car Repair One feature common to all new and used cars is the need for occasional maintenance and repair. Besides the need to replace... Automotive Repair Labor Guide Automotive repair labor guides go hand in hand with flat-rate labor. This involves a standard of service in the automotive repair industry... DIY: Automotive Touchup Painting Vehicles get scratches, chips and dings from regular use. Besides making your vehicle look bad, scratches and dings can lead to serious... DIY Corrosion Repair on Alloy Wheels Alloy wheels are made of a composite of aluminum or magnesium. These wheels, otherwise known as rims, are light in weight which... DIY Sandblaster Sandblasters have a variety of uses, from removing corrosion and rust to cleaning steel and plastic. A sandblaster uses compressed air in... DIY: Auto Rust Repairs Owning a car mean maintaining it on a regular basis. One source of potential problems is rust or corrosion. Rust is a... DIY Autobody Repair Autobody repair is a common need for car owners, but can get expensive very quickly. The tools and equipment needed to repair...  Related Ads  Check It Out The How To Garage: DIY Car Help You May Like Do it Yourself Auto Repair Videos How to Get Free Car Repair Manual Do it Yourself Instructions for Car Repair How Do I Read Chilton Manuals for Free? How to Do Car Maintenance & Car Repairs Toyota Repair DIY DIY Automotive Wiring How to Become an Auto Mechanic Featured Oil Testing: What is My Oil Telling Me? Watch Video Preparing Your Car For Winter Driving Watch Video 5 Ways to Improve Mileage Watch Video Others Also Viewed How to Save Money on Do-it-Yourself Car Repairs Free DIY Camper Plans How to Open the Hood on a Mitsubishi Endeavor Is it Normal for a New Car on the Lot to Have a Low Battery? How to Fix the Window on a Mitsubishi Endeavor ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 