  Home Firm Overview Diversity Public Service Offices Contact Advanced Search Professionals Services  Industries News  Publications Events Careers Extranet Blogs   Home > Services & Industries > Sports, Arts and Entertainment Services & Industries  Sports, Arts and Entertainment If you work in the sports, arts or entertainment industries, you work in a unique business and legal environment. You need lawyers who have the right type of experience for the environment. Recognizing this client need, Garvey Schubert Barer created our Sports, Arts and Entertainment Group. In assembling this group we chose lawyers with the skill-set mix required to provide optimal, full-service representation to clients like you. Our lawyers include those with business transaction and litigation practices as well as those focusing on other legal areas such as securities, tax, communications, intellectual property, immigration and labor and employment. Our Sports, Arts and Entertainment Group represents a large, diverse array of clients, regionally, nationally and internationally. These clients are involved in virtually every aspect of sports, arts and entertainment, including film and television production and distribution, music, theater, talent, advertising and direct marketing, publishing and multimedia, and executive employment. Endorsement and Sponsorship Agreements We represent athletes, entertainers and corporate clients entering into contracts involving endorsements, sponsorships and corporate appearances. Our services include helping clients negotiate, evaluate and document these arrangements. Executive Employment Virtually every executive in the film, television and music industries enters into an employment agreement with the executives entertainment company employer. Our group evaluates, negotiates and documents these arrangements. Film and Television Distribution We represent, both domestically and internationally, producers and distributors of motion picture, television, video and ancillary productions. Our services involve evaluating, negotiating and documenting the following: Studio production and distribution transactions Negative pickups Network licenses TV syndication and barter transactions Foreign distribution and co-production agreements Pay TV and home video licensing arrangements Multiparty financing and distribution transactions Cable channel ventures Print and advertising financings Foreign sales representative engagements Output and multipicture transactions Rent-a-system transactions Acquisitions of motion picture and TV program libraries Film and Television Production Our Sports, Arts and Entertainment Group has significant experience representing clients involved in film, music and TV production. This experience includes: Negotiating development and production agreements for motion pictures Creating production structures, including fund formation and private placements and offerings Negotiating screenplay option and acquisition agreements Life-story agreements Coordinating and negotiating with distributors, banks, financiers and completion guarantors Writer, director, producer and key crew agreements Negotiating talent and crew engagements Establishing and maintaining guild relationships Music, locations and other clearance and release agreements Postproduction agreements Negotiating broadcast and cable TV license and production agreements Distribution agreements Monitoring contract compliance Intellectual property and personality rights issues First Amendment issues Television, Motion Picture and New Media Entertainment We represent entertainment-industry clients in both traditional and innovative media. Our clients include production companies, broadcasters, content developers, distributors, and individual artists. Examples of our services include licensing of life-story rights, endorsements, motion picture financing and production agreements and digital distribution and licensing agreements. Litigation Our groups lawyers are diligent in producing clear, comprehensive contracts that eliminate, or significantly minimize, the likelihood of future disputes. Still, disputes do happen, often because of unforeseen post-contract events. When a dispute occurs, we do everything possible to resolve it amicably, informally and cost-effectively. If litigation is unavoidable, we have skilled litigators who will aggressively represent clients with a strategy and goal of achieving favorable results. Our litigation experience covers a broad spectrum of entertainment-related disputes. These include disputes over copyrights, trademarks, Olympics protocol arrangements, author-publisher disputes and royalty accountings and general contract compliance. Music and Recording Industry We represent some of the worlds leading recording artists, songwriters, performers, producers and music supervisors. Our groups clients also include independent record and music publishing companies, concert promoters, personal managers, business managers, talent agencies and music industry executives. We have extensive experience forming and developing production companies, record labels and publishing and licensing companies. This experience includes negotiating, evaluating and documenting the following: Domestic and international record distribution agreements Recording agreements Songwriting and publishing agreements Merchandising and touring agreements Commercial appearances, endorsements and sponsorships Intragroup agreements for recording artists Film and television music supervisor and soundtrack album agreements Agency and management representation agreements Record producer agreements Music and sampling clearances Synch licenses Professional Sports Professional sports has become part of the entertainment industry. Our group provides legal services for clients involved in professional sports. We represent star athletes, corporate sponsors, professional athletic tournaments, teams and touring exhibitions. Talent We represent many prominent artists and talent, including athletes, screenwriters, directors, actors, producers, vocalists, musicians, newscasters and reporters, weather and sports personalities, radio personalities and novelists. Our group also represents talent agencies and managers. Our services include Evaluating, negotiating and preparing talent engagement agreements Recommending talent clients for prominent film, music, television, literary, theater and other entertainment projects, including commercials and endorsements Counseling talent on contract interpretation, copyright, trademark, litigation, labor- and union-related issues and industry practices relevant to the performance of their engagement and contracts Agency and management agreements Immigration law issues for talent seeking to enter the United States or tour abroad Print Industry to PDF Contacts Hillary H. Hughes 212.965.4527 Tel hhughes@gsblaw.com Theresa A. Simpson 206.816.1425 Tel tsimpson@gsblaw.com View all Related Professionals News View all Related News Events View all Related Events Contact Site Map Privacy  Disclaimer Attorney Advertising Copyright  2000-2013 Garvey Schubert Barer. All Rights Reserved. Site by Inherent, Inc. 