 NEWS MOVIE TV CELEBRITY MUSIC INTERVIEWS VIDEO DVD PHOTO GALLERY CONTEST FUN STUFF SUMMER MOVIE  Celebrity News Movie News TV News Music News   WHAT'S HOT? /* * The tag in this template has been generated for use on a * non-SSL page. If this tag is to be placed on an SSL page, change the * 'http://us-ads.openx.net/...' * to * 'https://us-ads.openx.net/...' */  Home  News Entertainment News News  Movie News Dr. Hasnat Khan on Princess Diana Biopic: It's Completely Wrong 1 comment(s) August 27, 2013 09:39:36 GMT Dr. Hasnat Khan, who was romantically linked to Princess Diana years before her death, has reacted to her upcoming biopic, " Diana ". Speaking to Mail on Sunday, the cardiologist blasts the movie for its inaccurate depiction of his relationship with Princess Diana. "I don't see this movie doing well at all," he tells the site. "It is based on gossip and Diana's friends talking about a relationship that they didn't know much about, and some of my relatives who didn't know much about it either. It is all based on hypotheses and gossip." Read Full Story News  Celebrity Gossip Drake Gets Sued by Former Stylist Over Unpaid Shopping Bills August 27, 2013 09:39:36 GMT Grammy Award-winning artist Drake is being sued by his former stylist Michael Raphael for the amount of $76,490, allegedly the full amount that the MC owes him for shopping and other expenses he initially paid for when he served as a styling consultant for the rap star. Raphael claims Drake faithfully reimbursed him from when he was hired back in August last year and only stopped in December, the month when he reportedly racked up the said amount on behalf of the Canadian rapper. Under Drake's employ, Raphael was paid a monthly consultant's fee of $39,583 that covered styling, clothing and graphic design for his OVO brand and other related services. It does not, however, cover shopping expenses that he incurred on Drake's behalf from such branded stores as Nike, Diesel, and American Rag. Read Full Story News  TV News Parents Television Council Blasts Miley Cyrus and Lady GaGa's MTV VMA Performances August 27, 2013 09:30:20 GMT It's time for The Parents Television Council to voice their opinion about performances at this year's MTV Video Music Awards. The non-profit group has released a statement, in which they complained about the program's TV-14 rating, while it aired R-rated contents. "MTV has once again succeeded in marketing sexually charged messages to young children using former child stars and condom commercials -while falsely rating this program as appropriate for kids as young as 14," PTC spokesperson Dan Isett said in a statement. "This is unacceptable." Read Full Story News  Music News Eminem Debuts New Single 'Berzerk' 1 comment(s) August 27, 2013 09:16:56 GMT After dropping the "Call of Duty: Ghosts" soundtrack "Survival" a couple of weeks ago, Grammy Award-winning rapper Eminem debuts the first single from his forthcoming eighth studio album " MMLP2 " a.k.a. "The Marshall Mathers LP 2", set to be released on November 5. The full version came via his SiriusXM channel, Shade 45, after the 40-year-old rapper teased it the night before through a Beats By Dre commercial. Sampling Billy Squier's "The Stroke", the Slim Shady goes back to his roots in the old school hip-hop track produced by veteran hitmaker Rick Rubin. He name-drops celebrities from rappers Kendrick Lamar ("shout out to Kendrick") and Future ("I did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow"), to Khloe Kardashian and hubby Lamar Odom and even Britney Spears ' ex-husband Kevin Federline ("so baby make just like K-Fed"). Read Full Story News  Celebrity Gossip Lamar Odom Spotted Driving Near His House August 27, 2013 09:16:15 GMT Lamar Odom is captured driving a car after his agent denied report suggesting that he went missing. On Monday afternoon, August 26, Lamar was seen driving an SUV around San Fernando Valley area, which is not far from a house he shared with Khloe Kardashian . In pictures obtained by TMZ , the NBA player was featured wearing a black shirt as he drove around the area. The photos are believed to be first photos of the athlete in few days. Read Full Story News  Movie News Animated 'Scooby-Doo' Movie Developed at Warner Bros. August 27, 2013 09:07:25 GMT Warner Bros. is eager to launch Scooby-Doo back on big screen, Variety learns. After two live-action films, both of which were received negatively by critics, the studio is developing an animated flick about the fan-favorite Great Dane and lifelong companion of Shaggy Rogers for a release date that remains unknown as of this writing. Matt Lieberman has been tapped to write the script with Charles Roven and Richard Suckle on board as producers. Roven and Suckle have had history with the Hanna-Barbera character, having produced the aforementioned live-action movies, 2002's "Scooby-Doo" and 2008's " Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed ". Read Full Story News  Celebrity Gossip Teresa and Joe Giudice of 'Real Housewives' Clash With Cops on Beach 2 comment(s) August 27, 2013 08:55:39 GMT Teresa Giudice and her husband Joe Giudice appeared to be embroiled in an argument with police over the weekend. According to TMZ, the couple had to face the cops after refusing to pay an entrance fee of $5 per person when hanging out on Ship Bottom Beach on Long Island. " The Real Housewives of New Jersey " star was initially approached by a female teen beach worker. She allegedly asked for their "beach badges," which were basically proof that they had paid the tickets, but the group which consisted of 30 friends and family members flipped out. Read Full Story News  Celebrity Gossip Olivia Newton-John's Daughter Battling Alcohol and Cocaine Addiction 1 comment(s) August 27, 2013 08:38:47 GMT Chloe Lattanzi, the daughter of singer/actress Olivia Newton-John , reveals that she is battling alcohol and cocaine addiction. In an interview with Australia's Woman's Day , Chloe says that she has been living in a sober living facility for seven months and undergoing five hours of therapy a day to cure her addiction. Olivia's fame apparently contributes to Chloe's addiction. "Growing up I was under immense pressure being the daughter of such a famous woman. You don't have a normal childhood and you don't have that space to make mistakes and find your feet, as everyone is watching you," she says. She started abusing drugs shortly after she moved to L.A. Read Full Story News  Music News Asher Roth Releases 'Apples and Bananas' Music Video August 27, 2013 08:35:16 GMT Asher Roth has unveiled the visuals for his single "Apples and Bananas". Directed by Ryan Maloney, the three-and-a-half-minute video features the 28-year-old rapper, his friend, a bikini-clad girl and a bulldog as cartoon characters. The video sees the rapper singing his song in front of a microphone. Along with his friend, he is seen doing whatever they want, including having a BBQ party, jumping on a trampoline and using their fireworks to launch the bulldog in the sky. Read Full Story News  TV News New Teaser for VH1's 'The TLC Story' Teases the Personal Conflicts August 27, 2013 08:28:08 GMT A new teaser for VH1's " Crazy, Sexy, Cool: The TLC Story " was debuted during the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards. While the previous promo video highlighted the group's heyday, this one inserts glimpses of the girls' personal issues in between scenes of them enjoying their stardom. Lisa Lopes a.k.a. Lopes' (played by Lil' Mama) relationship with then-Atlanta Falcon player Andre Rison is one of the highlights in this preview. Their rocky romance led to the burnt of Rison's mansion in 1994 after Lopes set fire to Rison's tennis shoes in a bathtub. Read Full Story News  Celebrity Gossip LeAnn Rimes Celebrates Birthday With Eddie Cibrian in Hawaiian Party August 27, 2013 08:10:50 GMT LeAnn Rimes is celebrating her 31st birthday with Eddie Cibrian in a Hawaiian-themed party. "I'm getting ready!!" she captioned a photo of her cozying up to her hubby. "Loving my @ACACIASWIMWEAR Hawaiian print bikini for my luau bday celebration." Rimes will officially turn 31 on August 28, but she has already kicked off the celebration early. "I just blew out my first bday candle for 31 w/ all my extended family & our waiter singing to me. He was great!!" the singer tweeted over the weekend. Read Full Story News  Celebrity Gossip James Franco Gets Roasted on Comedy Central August 27, 2013 08:09:26 GMT Sunday night in Los Angeles, James Franco became the latest star to be roasted by Comedy Central. Celebrity friends of the 35-year-old actor like Seth Rogen , Aziz Ansari , Jonah Hill and Andy Samberg were on hand to poke fun at the " Spring Breakers " lead actor, making jokes about his Oscars hosting gig with Anne Hathaway and the speculations about his sexuality. Roast master Rogen, Franco's " Pineapple Express " co-star, delivered a one-two punch with a gay joke that went, "He once told me he worked for 36 hours straight, which I didn't believe. The straight part, of course," and a dig at Franco's poorly-received Oscars performance, saying, "Look at me doing all the talking while you sit there doing nothing. I feel like I'm hosting the Oscars with you!" Read Full Story News  Music News Lady GaGa Works With RedOne for a New 'ARTPOP' Track, 'Gypsy' August 27, 2013 07:53:55 GMT Lady GaGa has teamed up again with longtime collaborator RedOne for new tracks in her upcoming " ARTPOP " album. In an interview with French radio station Fun Radio, on Sunday, August 25, the Mother Monster revealed that she had also worked with 19-year-old DJ Madeon. "He is so amazing. He has such an understanding of music at such a young age," the "Applause" singer praised the French DJ. "He reminds me of myself so much. He's obsessed, so obsessed with music." Read Full Story News  Music News Miley Cyrus Defends Racy VMAs Performance, Adam Lambert Weighs In 1 comment(s) August 27, 2013 07:50:38 GMT Miley Cyrus is unfazed by the critics who scrutinized her raunchy acts on the stage of 2013 MTV Video Music Awards. "My VMA performance had 306.000 tweets per minute. That's more than the blackout or Superbowl! #fact," she posted, after posting a picture of her holding up both of her middle fingers with her back to the camera. The former Disney darling also countered the many negative reviews coming her way by re-tweeting a favorable comment from Rolling Stone. "Miley was the one star in the room who truly understood what the MTV Video Music Awards are all about!" it read. "Miley stole the night, which is why the nation is still in recovery today. Thanks, Mile..." Read Full Story News  Celebrity Gossip Madonna Ranked by Forbes as World's Highest-Earning Celebrity August 27, 2013 07:48:05 GMT Anchored on the immense success of her top-grossing tour, iconic diva Madonna tops Forbes' highest-earning celebrities list, with $125 million in estimate earnings for the period from June 2012 to June 2013. The 55-year-old Material Girl bested other A-listers in the roster like filmmaker Steven Spielberg and TV personality Simon Cowell . Despite the lackluster sales performance of her album " MDNA ", the $305 million that its supporting world tour brought in was enough to boost Madonna's earnings ahead of the pack. Adding to her total are profits from merchandise and other business ventures like her fragrance and clothing line. Read Full Story Page 1 of 5063  LAST Parents Television Council Blasts Miley Cyrus and Lady GaGa's MTV VMA Performances Eminem Debuts Single 'Berzerk' Olivia Newton-John's Daughter Reveals Cocaine and Alcohol Addiction Los Angeles Premiere of Selena Gomez's 'Getaway' Eric Christian Olsen Welcomes Son Justin Timberlake Pens an Open Letter, Teases New Album Joshua Jackson Cast in 'The Affair' Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel Split Daft Punk's 'Lose Yourself to Dance' Music Video Teaser Katy Perry Teases 'Roar' Music Video Vin Diesel Honored With Hollywood Walk of Fame Star Stars React to Miley Cyrus VMA Performance Fat Joe Turns Himself In for Tax Evasion 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Films Find Annie Cresta Lamar Odom's Agent Denies Missing Report Matt Damon Not Returning in New 'Bourne' Film CALENDAR August 2013 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 MOST POPULAR 50 Cent Adrienne Bailon Amber Heard Angelina Jolie Beyonce Knowles Bob Dylan DMX David Cassidy Demi Lovato Famke Janssen Frank Ocean Garth Brooks Harry Styles J.J. Cale Jennifer Aniston Kate Gosselin Kylie Jenner Lily Collins Miguel Nicki Minaj Prince Rutina Wesley Simon Cowell Tina Turner Zayn Malik  /* * The tag in this template has been generated for use on a * non-SSL page. If this tag is to be placed on an SSL page, change the * 'http://us-ads.openx.net/...' * to * 'https://us-ads.openx.net/...' */  MUSIC CHART MOVIE CHART   Fatal error : Call to undefined function gerFooter() in /home/aceshow/public_html/php/ndetail.php on line 809 