 Green Car Reports News  Today in Car News  August 27, 2013   Corolla Pricing, Electric Numbers And Diesel...    Auto Shows  August 27, 2013   Infiniti Q30 Concept Hints At Smaller, Greener...    Electric Cars  August 27, 2013   Passing Gas: More Electric Cars Than Gasoline...    Diesel Pickup Trucks From Chevy, Ford, Nissan...    Tesla: As Disruptive To U.S. Car Market As...    New 2014 Toyota Corolla L Base Model To Start At...    Can You Name The Top 10 U.S. Markets For Nissan...   More News  Reviews Reviews More    2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee Ecodiesel   If theres such a thing as a Swiss Army Knife of... LATEST REVIEWS  2013 Honda Civic    2013 Nissan Leaf    2013 Toyota Camry    2013 Nissan Versa  BY CATEGORY Sedans 2 Doors SUV  Wagons Minivans  Guides Green Car Guides More   Buying Guides  August 27, 2013   Diesel Pickup Trucks From Chevy, Ford, Nissan...    Buying Guides  August 13, 2013   Electric Car Price Guide: Every 2013-2014 Plug-In...    Buying Guides  August 12, 2013   The New Diesel Cars For 2014   Electric All Cars Electric More   Passing Gas: More Electric Cars Than Gasoline...  August 27, 2013   Tesla: As Disruptive To U.S. Car Market As...  August 27, 2013   Can You Name The Top 10 U.S. Markets For Nissan...  August 27, 2013  Car Types News by Car Type See all new cars  HYBRID ELECTRIC CLEAN DIESEL FUEL CELL Popular Green Cars 2013 Chevrolet Volt 2013 Nissan Leaf 2011 Tesla Roadster 2013 Toyota Prius Video Follow Like Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add Us on Google+  Advertisement Home News Electric Cars Buying Or Selling a Used Electric Car? What You Need to Know Buying Or Selling a Used Electric Car? What You Need to Know By Nikki Gordon-Bloomfield 1,232 views May 2, 2011 2 Follow Nikki  Add to circle 2011 Nissan Leaf for Sale on eBay - Screenshot March 28, 2011. Enlarge Photo  On the face of it, buying or selling a used electric car could seem like a great idea if you either need to make more room in your garage for your shiny new plug-in ride or you just can’t afford the sticker shock associated with buying new.  However, we’ve been watching Internet auction site eBay over the past six months and have noticed a couple of trends in the sales of used electric cars. To help you make the right decisions, here are a few pointers we think will help you buy or sell those plug-in vehicles which may not be quite as new and shiny as cars like the 2011 Chevrolet Volt and 2011 Nissan Leaf.  Many points of course are the same as they are for regular gasoline cars: Don't assume listed price is what it will go for, don't overpay, make sure you view the car before you buy and remember that new electric cars have dropped the price of used electric cars dramatically over the past year.  Overinflated prices don’t work... Over the past six months we’ve seen time and time again great looking electric cars come up on eBay with asking prices well above their true market value.  Take one recent listing for a 1999 Ford Ranger Electric pickup truck.  Ford Ranger EV For Sale on Ebay (Screenshot) Enlarge Photo Listed as having 59,500 miles on the clock, this 12 year old truck is in average condition for its age. Citing that it is only one of 300 remaining in existence, the buyer gives a good argument that the truck is worth buying. But with an opening bid required in excess of $15,372 this truck has had no bids and literally hours left on its listing.  It’s hardly surprising. A 12 year old truck, well outside of warranty and using a battery pack technology no-longer officially available, the owner of this truck would be taking a serious gamble at the asking price.  It also uses a charging protocol now considered obsolete, even though there is still plenty of charging infrastructure for its inductive style charging paddle system in certain areas of California.  Our advice to the seller? Start with a low opening bid level, ideally no more than half of what you think is a realistic price. You'll find more people are willing to bid and the chances of selling your car your ideal asking price are increased.  ...unless the vehicle is truly unique, rare or desirable 1938 S100 Replica Electric Car Enlarge Photo Occasionally, you’ll find plug-in cars for sale which are truly unique, such as pre-production prototypes, or one-of-a-kind conversions which are both in excellent condition and highly desirable, or vehicles which truly are among the last few of their kind.  But these cars are rarely snapped up by people who will drive them on a daily basis as electric transport. Often snapped up by collectors they will either sell for such high prices that very few can afford them.  And if you have a rare electric car there really isn’t any guarantees that you’re sitting on a future gold-mine.  Remember, a used car is only valuable if you can find someone who shares your valuation and is willing to part with their money in exchange for your car.  As we’ve proven before even an opportunity to own a 2011 Nissan Leaf without joining the queue or a hyper-rare experimental hybrid from the 1980s doesn’t guarantee a sale.  Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next 2 1,232 Views  Tags: Ebay Auctions car buying Electric Car plug-in cars Buying Advice Toyota RAV4 EV Posted in: 2011 Nissan News News Electric Cars Green Nissan Leaf News  Advertisement Contribute Send us a tip Comment Contact the editor Follow Us  Get daily e-mail updates GO People Who Read This Article Also Read Electric-Car Warning: Check Your Utility Bill Carefully! 90% of Chevy Volt Plug-In Hybrid Customers New to Brand 2011 Nissan Leaf: How Much Would YOU Pay to Jump the Queue? Five Top Accessories and Modifications For Your 2011 Nissan... Have an opinion? nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Comment: Posting indicates you have read this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use nbsp; Notify me when there are more comments nbsp; Share on Facebook nbsp; Share on Twitter nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Comments (2) Posted Order Most Recent Most Popular David Noland  Posted: 5/4/2011 7:21am PDT   Interesting story, but I'd really like to see a how-to guide for buying a LEAF or Volt for us unfortunates outside of the early marketing areas. What's the LEAF/Volt situation on eBay? Is it possible to buy one over the phone from a dealer in California or other early-tier state? Have people been doing this? Is there a price premium? It would be interesting to know about the inevitable "grey market" that pops up whenever a high demand meets a limited supply.   Post Reply     Vote  Bad stuff? Patrick Connor  Posted: 5/8/2011 11:10pm PDT   I can confirm this. I bought a Chevy S10 EV in 2007 for $20,000. Now I am selling it for $10,000 (maybe less) to make room for a new Nissan Leaf.   Post Reply     Vote  Bad stuff?  Have an opinion? Join the conversation!  Advertisement More About This Car REVIEW Get our rating plus photos & specs. RATED  10  out of 10  GALLERY  See Full Gallery Related Articles Nissan Tests New Heat-Resistant Battery For Leaf Electric Car Does Toyota's Hybrid Leadership Blind It To Electric Cars? Five 40-MPG Mid-Size Sedans You Can Buy Today Trademarks, Model S Safety Success & Hot Hybrids: Today's Car News The Five Greenest, Most Energy-Efficient Cars of 2013 Follow Us On Facebook  Green Car Reports on  Most Popular This Week 1  Armadillo Electric Car: Fold It, Park It With A Smartphone  2  NHTSA Rebukes Tesla Over Non-Existent "5.4-Star" Safety Rating  3  2013 Tesla Model S Crash Tests: What Cars To Compare It To?  4  Does Toyota's Hybrid Leadership Blind It To Electric Cars?  5  Five 40-MPG Mid-Size Sedans You Can Buy Today  More  News In Your Inbox Green Car Reports Sign Up  Find Green Cars Select Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model Go!  Advertisement Topics GAS MILEAGE HYBRIDS ELECTRIC CARS DIESEL ALT FUELS AUTO SHOWS Photo Galleries  New 2014 Toyota Corolla L Base Model To Start At $17,610 2013 Frankfurt Auto Show Preview: Green Cars & Concepts Detroit Electric Sports Cars Delayed Over Factory Deal Diesel Pickup Trucks From Chevy, Ford, Nissan, Ram: Ultimate Guide Porsche 918 Spyder: Plug-In Hybrid Sports Car Photo Gallery  1 of 5  Advertisement  Get the e-mail newsletter everyone talks about. See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning. Subscribe More from High Gear Media  30 Years Since His Lap Record, Stefan Bellof Is Immortalized At The Nürburgring   VW Targets Accident-Free Driving With Autonomous Tech   Detroit Electric Delays Sports Car Pending Factory Deal    2014 Ford Transit Connect Preview   2011-2012 Chevrolet Cruze Recalled For Brake Issue   Tuesday Challenge: Match 10 Advertising Taglines To The Right Car Companies  News Reviews Electric Gas Mileage Car Types Buying Guides Company About Us Contact Us Jobs Press Legal Privacy Policy Follow Us  2013 Green Car Reports. All Rights Reserved. Green Car Reports is published by High Gear Media . Send us feedback. Stock photography by Homestar, LLC.   