  ZackTaylor.ca | Your #1 Source for Celebrity Gossip & Entertainment News ZackTaylor.ca | Your #1 Source for Celebrity Gossip & Entertainment News Home October 11, 2011 CHEATERVILLE.COM LAUNCHES CHEATERTAINMENT BLOG!! CLICK HERE to visit the new website blog!! Oct 11, 2011 4:21:07 PM | Cheaterville Comment 0 Reblog It 0 October 05, 2011 CHEATERVILLE.COM ACQUIRES ZACKTAYLOR.CA IN BLOCKBUSTER DEAL!! CheaterVille, Inc. http://www.cheaterville.com , a Las Vegas online social media company that provides information about alleged cheaters, today announced the acquisition of one the largest celebrity gossip and premiere entertainment websites in Canada, ZackTaylor.ca !! In a statement to the press, James McGibney , CheaterVille’s founder and CEO said, “By acquiring the rights to ZackTaylor.ca and their sub-domains, we are continuing to expand our reach into the Canadian market by appealing to the millions of viewers who have visited his site since it first launched back in 2007. Furthermore, we will be rebranding it shortly as the Internet’s first all-inclusive website to find out about exclusive celebrity cheating scandals. I want to thank all of our Canadian fans for their unbelievable support in our continued effort to fight infidelity! ZackTaylor.ca which launched in Toronto, Canada back in 2007 by former radio host Zack “Taylor” Teperman , has been dubbed as the “Perez Hilton website of the North.” The site has gained recognition throughout the world as one of the top blogging websites after breaking some of entertainments juiciest gossip news over the past few years. Mr. Teperman commented on this blockbuster acquisition by stating, “ I will definitely miss it but Im looking forward to the next chapter in my life. It has been an exciting few years building the site into what it is today, but now my baby has grown up and it’s time to let CheaterVille take it to a whole new level, which I’m very excited to see. I knew it wouldn’t be just a blogging site forever and after looking at what CheaterVille has planned for the website, which has never been done before, is going to blow people’s minds!” FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CLICK HERE !! Oct 5, 2011 4:15:00 PM | Cheaterville , Current Affairs , Headlines , Zack Taylor Comment 4 Reblog It 0 RACHEL UCHITEL'S NEW HUSBAND USED TO BE A CHEATER!! Rachel Uchitel got Tiger Woods to cheat on his wife, and now she has JUST MARRIED a guy who used to cheat as well!! The 36-year-old former mistress exchanged vows with 26-year-old Matt Hahn in Las Vegas over the weekend, and now some of Matts former girls are putting him on blast. In a posting on Cheaterville.com , a former girlfriend of Matts reveals, I only wish I knew he used girls before I met him because he told me that he could get anything he wanted playing ball and he could even help me with tutors to do my school work for me. I didn’t sleep with him for the first 2 weeks we hung out and it was baby this baby that and acting like a sweet gentleman but as soon as I slept with him I found out the real truth about him. We only hung out for a week longer because he totally started being a jerk and I found out that he hung out with girls after every night he would walk me to my dorm. It figures that Matt would finally settle down and get married to a w**re because that’s exactly what he is too! They sound like a perfect match eh?! Oct 5, 2011 4:02:05 PM | Cheaterville , Couples Comment 1 Reblog It 0 October 04, 2011 KAT VON D CALLS JESSE JAMES A CHEATER ON TWITTER!! Kat Von D has just confirmed that Jesse James cheated on her... like he did on Sandra Bullock ?! Rumours have been going around that the real reason the two called off their marriage was because Jesse cheated on her, and now Kat is finally talking about the recent postings on Cheaterville.com by Jesses secret mistress. The L.A. Ink star, who is penning a new book, wrote on her Twitter : No, my next book will not be about my cheating ex. There are way too many positive and inspiring things to write about instead. And hell no Im not with Jesse. Once a cheater, always a cheater!! Oct 4, 2011 1:11:07 PM | Couples Comment 0 Reblog It 0 October 03, 2011 BRITNEY SPEARS IS LOOKING FOR A HOMELESS GUY!! Britney Spears is looking for a homeless fan of hers!! A photo of a homeless guy has been going around the Internet (see above) , and Britney just caught wind of it and took to her Twitter and wrote: “If anyone can find this gentleman I’ve got a package with my entire catalog with his name on it. -Britney” Im not exactly sure what a homeless guy is going to play her CD’s on, but too bad the homeless guy in Venice Beach, California who asked Justin Bieber for his money recently didnt get the same type of response!! Oct 3, 2011 4:21:00 AM | Britney Spears Comment 1 Reblog It 0 JASON BIGGS AND HIS WIFE ONCE HIRED A HOOKER!! Jason Biggs became a star through his sexual nature in American Pie , and it seems his real-life is just as wild!! The actors wife, Jenny Mollen , has just written a very detailed blog entry about the couple hiring a hooker to help spice-up their relationship. So, this one time, at band camp... CLICK HERE to read the full blog entry if you care!! Oct 3, 2011 4:20:00 AM | Couples , Say What?! Comment 1 Reblog It 0 A TUPAC SEX TAPE IS ABOUT TO BE RELEASED!! A five-minute Tupac sex tape has surfaced!!  The tape, which has been viewed by several media outlets, was shot in 1991 and shows the rapper with a bunch of groupies in a living room during a house party with his pants down to his ankles receiving oral sex as he dances and raps. No word yet on when the person who is in possession of the tape plans to release it. Oct 3, 2011 4:17:29 AM | Say What?! Comment 3 Reblog It 0 DR. CONRAD MURRAY HAS SOME WEED NAMED AFTER HIM!! Dr. Conrad Murray is (sorta) goin into the weed biz!! The doctor, who is currently being accused of killing Michael Jackson, has just had a new strain of marijuana named after him at California weed shops. The strain is being sold under the name, Conrad Murray OG , and one weed shop owner says, It puts you to sleep... for a really long time. I wonder if itll make you as crazy as Justin Biebers weed?! Oct 3, 2011 4:13:00 AM | Say What?! Comment 0 Reblog It 0 ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT IS COMING BACK TO TELEVISION!! Arrested Development is coming back to television five years after it was cancelled!! Creator Mitch Hurwitz has announced that the show will do a limited season, which will show us what the characters have been up to since the show last aired, and then lead into the planned movie. Cant wait!! Oct 3, 2011 12:05:00 AM | Television Comment 1 Reblog It 0 GENE SIMMONS AND SHANNON TWEED ARE NOW MARRIED!! After 28 years together, Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed have finally tied the knot!! The couple wed at The Beverly Hills Hotel in front of nearly 400 guests including Hugh Hefner, Bill Maher and the members of KISS . Congrats!! Oct 3, 2011 12:00:00 AM | Couples Comment 0 Reblog It 0 October 02, 2011 TAREQ SALAHI IS WORKING ON HIS OWN DATING REALITY SHOW!! Tareq Salahis wife recently left him for Journeys lead guitarist Neal Schon , so now he is going to look for a new lover in the form of his OWN reality dating show!! The separated 43-year-old is working on a new show titled, Seducing Salahi, which will shoot at his winery in Virginia and would see 14 women competing for Tareqs affection. Im guessing girls who are NOT into soft rock music and HAVE the ability to talk their way into highly-secure events are going to be picked!! Oct 2, 2011 12:02:00 AM | Television Comment 0 Reblog It 0 NEXT PAGE  Zack Taylor 1 Following 0 Followers  Search  Recent Comments Account Deleted: Congrats on being Freshly Pressed!http://www.v... | more » On WILL SMITH IS GETTING SET TO RECORD A NEW ALBUM?! Account Deleted: Speaking of butts, check out this funny parody.... | more » On JIRI TLUSTY SPEAKS TO ITH... jane: Superhot!! http://www.jaydenicole.com... | more » On JAYDE NICOLE: HOT OR NOT?! Subscribe to this blog's feed Powered by TypePad  