 Skip links and keyboard navigation Skip to content Skip to site navigation Skip to section navigation Skip to footer Use tab and cursor keys to move around the page (more information) Site header Site map Contact us Help Search Department of Transport and Main Roads  Site navigation Home Licensing Registration Safety Travel and transport Projects Business and industry Community and environment About us Registration Family vehicle registration freeze Registering vehicles Registering motor vehicles and motorbikes Caravans and light trailers Registration codes for heavy vehicles Street rods and vintage cars Wheelchairs and small devices Motorised foot scooters and motorised bicycles Motorised wheelchairs Small vehicles and devices Written-off vehicles Definitions Inspections Register Conditional registration Explained Agricultural vehicles Construction vehicles Recreational vehicles Changing your registration details Renewing registration Transferring registration Interstate Cancelling vehicle registration Number plates Legible plates Plates in good view Replacement plates Personalised plates Registration fees and labels Pensioner and senior concessions Buying or selling a used vehicle Checklists Safety certificates Inspections Moving unregistered vehicles You are here: Home Registration Buying or selling a used vehicle Buying or selling a used vehicle Used car safety ratings If you are buying a used car, it's worth considering whether your car's safety and design features are likely to protect you or harm other road users in a crash. The Used Car Safety Ratings Buyer's Guide 2012 for Passenger vehicles built 1996–2008 can help you decide whether that car you've set your sights on is right for you. Previous editions of the buyer's guide* are available, with safety ratings of passenger vehicles built as far back as 1982. How safe is your car? View the  buying a safer vehicle section before your next purchase, or visit the How Safe Is Your Car* website for detailed information about used car safety ratings and safety features that people should look for when buying used cars. Buying a used vehicle? If you are buying a used vehicle you need to ensure that there is a current  Queensland safety certificate displayed. A safety certificate identifies the authorised inspection station that issued the certificate, and it must be displayed on the vehicle from the time it is offered for sale. If a Queensland safety certificate is not displayed, it is likely the vehicle has not been checked and should not be considered for purchase. A buyer's checklist is available . Selling a vehicle? If you are selling a registered vehicle, you will need to obtain and display a  Queensland safety certificate from the moment you offer the vehicle for sale. The safety certificate must be displayed on a conspicuous part of the vehicle. Contact an approved inspection station to arrange an inspection. Fees for inspections are paid directly to the station. A seller's checklist is available . If you fail to display a Queensland safety certificate on the vehicle from the moment you offer it for sale you may receive an on-the-spot fine of $550. Note: You are required to obtain and display a safety certificate on a registered vehicle when it is being offered for sale, even if you plan on cancelling the registration when the vehicle is sold. *The content found by using this link is not created, controlled or approved by this department. No responsibility is taken for the consequences of viewing content on this site. Related information Inspections Moving unregistered vehicles Registering vehicles Written-off vehicles Last updated 06 August 2013 Explore this site Popular Find a form Traffic cameras Find a customer service centre Interactive map Indigenous programs Looking for Buying or selling a used vehicle Demerit points Getting a licence Learning to drive Registering vehicles Queensland road rules Our projects Online services Pay your fine Renew your licence Change your address Renew your registration Book a driving test Book a vehicle inspection Related sites Traffic and Travel info (13 19 40) Maritime Safety Queensland TransLink Personalised Plates Queensland Queensland Rail Contact us Phone Online Visit us Mail Get Involved consultations Facebook Twitter RSS Site footer Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Right to Information Accessibility Jobs in Queensland Government Other languages © The State of Queensland (Department of Transport and Main Roads) 2010-2013 Queensland Government Great state. Great opportunity 