 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Car Maintenance General Car Maintenance Car Parts  Definitions Car Parts  Definitions By Dennis Hartman , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Car Parts & Definitions The modern car is a complex machine that contains numerous technological systems developed over a century of automotive engineering. Even the earliest cars pushed the limits of the engineering of their day. Many parts are common to all cars, regardless of when they were made. Other People Are Reading Parts of a Car Frame How to Identify Car Parts Engine A car is powered by its engine, which generally constitutes a large amount of its mechanical complexity and expense. Engines may run on a variety of fuel types, the most common being gasoline and diesel fuel. In the case of hybrid electric cars, which are growing in popularity, an electric motor acts as the engine, powering the drivetrain. The drivetrain contains the transmission, which links the engine to the drive shaft and, ultimately, the wheels. Within the transmission, gears are selected to transmit the proper amount of power given the vehicle's speed and other conditions. Frame A car's frame is a rigid metal cage on which all other components are attached. Frame design is a long, complex process involving computer-aided design. For this reason, automakers often design a universal frame, which can be used for several car models, thus maximizing its use and cutting down on the number of frames, or platforms, that must be designed. A car's engine is mounted to the frame, as is the body. Suspension components, such as springs, struts, shocks and rocker arms, are part of the linkage between the frame, body and wheels. Body A car's body is build around the frame and gives the car its characteristic shape as well as serving as a container for the interior cabin. Bodies may be made from a number of materials, including steel, aluminum, carbon fiber, fiberglass and plastic. Car bodies are usually composed of a series of panels, each of which can be replaced individually. Most car bodies are designed to be aerodynamic, which improves handling and performance as well as fuel efficiency. Wind tunnel testing is a large part of the design of a new car body. Wheels A car's wheels are extremely important. Supported by the suspension linkage, and attached to axles that receive power from the drive shaft, wheels serve as the point of connection between the car and the road. Most cars come with standard wheels that are made of steel and covered with alloy or plastic wheel covers. Alloy wheels are usually offered as an option but are becoming common on more entry-level cars. Alloy wheels may be made from a combination of metals such as magnesium, aluminum and zinc. These wheels offer lower weight than steel wheels and can be finished for a glossy or metallic appearance. Interior A car's interior contains not only the seating and storage areas, but also all of the controls a driver will need. Instrumentation varies from car to car, but a speedometer, fuel gauge and engine temperature meter are standard. Additional gauges may include an oil pressure gauge, a tachometer (which displays the engine's workload in revolutions per minute) and an ammeter for monitoring the car's electrical system. Some modern cars also include entertainment and navigation systems, which may include an LCD screen, music system or trip data center where additional information about the car can be obtained.  Related Searches References Auto Parts Warehouse Auto Education Resources How Does My Car Work? Photo Credit Liftarn, http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1942_Nash_Ambassador_X-ray.jpg More Like This Parts of a Car Frame How to Identify Car Parts How to Identify Exterior Body Parts Comments You May Also Like Third Party Car Insurance Definition Third party car insurance is to the least expensive type of car insurance a driver can purchase. Deemed third party because it... Definition of a Classic Car A classic car stands out anywhere but its difficult for collectors to define what the term means. Most will agree that, to... What is the Definition of an Antique Auto? There are several classifications that are applied to old automobiles. Vintage, Classic, Collectors and Antique are the main ones. Each of these... Definition of Single-Stage Auto Paint Single-stage paints are either one-part or two-part. One-part paints are ready to spray, but may need to be diluted in order to... Definition of Car Lemon Laws Lemon laws exist in most states and through the federal governments Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act of 1975. Informally named after the American jargon... Gasoline Engine Parts  Definitions Gasoline engines use small, sudden gasoline explosions to drive pistons that the crankshaft turns into rotary motion. Gasoline engines mix fuel and... What is the Definition of Collision Auto Policy Coverage? Finding an auto insurance policy to fit your needs can be daunting for even the most experienced driver. However, whether you choose... Definition of Customized Car The definition of a customized car is loose. Any vehicle that departs from the factory production model with aftermarket mechanical components, accessories... What Is the Definition of a Big Block Engine? While there is no direct, clear definition of the label big block, the phrase is well regarded to mean an engine that... Auto Body Technician Training Auto body technicians refinish and repair vehicle bodies and straighten out car frames. According to the Occupational Information Network, auto body technicians... Parts of a Car  Their Functions A car is a complex machine with several systems functioning simultaneously. While most modern cars contain computerized systems that are beyond the... What is the Definition of a Part-Time Job? A part-time job refers to an employment position or job posting wherein fewer hours are put in per week by an individual... Definition of a Turbo Engine Turbo engines, first introduced for piston propeller-powered aircraft to enhance high altitude performance, have invaded the entire reciprocating internal combustion ... Definition of Line Boring Line boring -- sometimes called align boring -- is an engine machining process that establishes perfectly straight bores for crankshaft and camshaft... What Is the Definition of a Totaled Car? A totaled vehicle is one that has sustained severe damage as a result of a collision, natural disaster or other event. While... Definition of a Lemon Car All states have lemon laws for vehicles. Lemon laws generally protect consumers of new vehicles from having to deal with defective cars... Definition of Medicare Part A  Part B Medicare was signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson on July 30, 1965. It was the first comprehensive health insurance program passed... Car Warranty Definition A car warranty essentially states that the car you are buying is sold to you as factually stated or legally implied. There... Definition of Auto Liability Insurance Car accidents occur daily and auto insurance without liability coverage could cause financial hardship for an insured driver. Auto insurance including liability... Definition of Car Truck Carriers Car carrier trucks, which haul many vehicles at once, are useful when cars break down, when they need to be transported for...  Related Ads  Check It Out The How To Garage: DIY Car Help You May Like How to Identify Exterior Body Parts What Are the Main Parts of an Automobile? Parts of a Car & Their Functions Main Parts of a Car Engine Car Engine Parts Description Names of Car Body Parts The Basic Parts of a Car How to Learn About the Parts of a Car Featured Oil Testing: What is My Oil Telling Me? Watch Video Preparing Your Car For Winter Driving Watch Video 5 Ways to Improve Mileage Watch Video Others Also Viewed Safety Features of Early Cars Car Engine Parts Description Parts of a Car  Their Functions Common Problems With Lotus Esprit Different Kinds of Car Engines ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 