 PopBytes When culture pops, we wipe it up ... LOBBY BLOG Links Tags Facebook Twitter Tumblr About Contact Sitemap Gossip Giveaways Interviews Javier Dunn Carole Radziwill Marina and the Diamonds Kerli ICONA POP NiRè AllDai Skylar Grey David Bazan ZZ Ward NeNe Leakes Famewhores Kim Kardashian Amanda Bynes Lindsay Lohan Courtney Stodden Nadya Octomom Suleman Paris Hilton HOTTIES Jon Hamm David Beckham Ryan Gosling Channing Tatum Michael Fassbender Matthew McConaughey Just Because Hes Cute Musicians Marina and the Diamonds Lady Gaga Katy Perry Lana Del Rey Tori Amos Madonna Beyoncé Mariah Carey Britney Spears Justin Timberlake Nicki Minaj Courtney Love Gwen Stefani Amy Winehouse Whitney Houston Michael Jackson Music Videos TELEVISION Orange Is The New Black Arrested Development RuPauls Drag Race Glee SMASH The Comeback Showtime HBO Film Trailers Reviews Galleries RSS LOBBY | Hollywood Walk Of Fame DENIED: Kim Kardashians Walk of Fame star! September 1, 2012 Jeremy Feist Leave a Comment Filed Under Kim Kardashian Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Kim Kardashian If you've never been to Los Angeles, you probably haven't seen the Hollywood Walk of Fame, which is actually quite beautiful and memorialises a lot of very talented people. So of course, famewhore Kim Kardashian wants a star of her own, even though she lacks the very important "talent" portion of the requirements. And before you ask: No, getting making a sex tape is not a talent. Hollyscoop reports ...Kim Kardashian recently sat down for MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Kim Kardashian Jennifer Aniston got a star on the Walk of Fame! February 23, 2012 Jeremy Feist Leave a Comment Filed Under Actresses , Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Jennifer Aniston It's been kind of a slow news week, so here's a bit about how Jennifer Aniston got a completely meaningless award in order to promote her new movie Wanderlust. Oh, and did we mention she gets naked in her new movie? Because she really wants your fifteen bucks. The National Post reports:Actress Jennifer Aniston was honored with a star on Hollywood’s Walk of Fame on Wednesday, the first of the Friends actors to receive the emblem of MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Jennifer Aniston Links: Jennifer Aniston got her star! February 22, 2012 Michael Knudsen Leave a Comment Filed Under Pop Nosh Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Jennifer Aniston Linkage • Find out why Chris Brown should seriously just shut the hell up now! IDLYITW• Bobbi Kristina’s issues after Whitney’s death – are the tabloids going too far? Cele|bitchy• Nicki Minaj goes all blue in a brand new spread for the latest issue of Vogue Rickey• Britney Spears has expressed an interest in joining The X Factor judging panel? I'm Not Obsessed• I don't know when this happened, but apparently Calista MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Jennifer Aniston Linkage Shakira got a star on Hollywood Blvd! November 8, 2011 Allen Piatt Leave a Comment Filed Under Musicians , Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Shakira Star #2,454 on the Hollywood Walk of Fame went to Colombian superstar and Grammy / Latin Grammy Award-winner Shakira earlier today. Of the event she exclaimed, “This is incredible ... I would like to thank all of you.” Her dedication went further, dedicating the star to her fans and to Hispanic Americans. Shakira has been a household name since her first English language album, Dirty Laundry, with the single Wherever, Whenever skyrocketing MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Shakira Reality famewhores are banned from the Walk of Fame! August 25, 2011 Jeremy Feist Leave a Comment Filed Under Famewhores , Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Despite the fact that all you really need to get on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is money and a good publicist (The fucking Rugrats have their own star, I swear to God), someone in the committee has decided to pull rank and declare on their Facebook page that anyone who was on a reality TV show won't be getting a star anytime soon and you know what? I can get behind that. Fuck those whores.In a recent posting on the Walk of Fame's Facebook page, MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame hottie mark wahlberg gets his star! July 29, 2010 Michael Knudsen Leave a Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame Mark Wahlberg honored with star (#2414) on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. (Hollywood, CA | July 29, 2010)PHOTOS | BAUER GRIFFIN MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame oprah and tina fey are getting walk of fame stars! June 17, 2010 Michael Knudsen Leave a Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame earlier today the hollywood chamber of commerce announced a list of thirty recipients who will be getting their very own star on the infamous walk of fame next year here in hollywood - although i'm thrilled the muppets, oprah winfrey and tina fey will be honored (the full list is below) i'm still super peeved that my beloved bea arthur still doesn't have one yet - girlfriend only has four more years to wait before they can honor her posthumously MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame dennis hopper finally gets his star! March 26, 2010 Michael Knudsen Leave a Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame good evening! word broke earlier this week that actor dennis hopper (age 73) was too sick and frail to take part in the nasty divorce proceedings with his wife victoria - he's been fighting prostate cancer (the sad news became public last october) and is apparently too ill to have undergo any more chemotherapy treatments - but thankfully he was able to gather enough strength to accept his star which was unveiled on hollywood's walk of fame MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame john stamos gets his hollywood blvd star November 17, 2009 Michael Knudsen Leave a Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame good morning! i knew something was up yesterday when two people in my office told me they spotted cutie john stamos (age 46) on hollywood blvd yesterday and it turns out he was getting his star (#2,393) along the infamous 'walk of fame' - which was probably in conjunction with him starring on broadway in a revival of bye bye birdie (one of the few musicals i don't know too well) although i find him totally adorable and super sexy - it still irks MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame cameron diaz gets her hollywood blvd star! June 22, 2009 Michael Knudsen 1 Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame good evening! actress cameron diaz was honored in hollywood today - she received the 2,386th star along hollywood blvd's walk of fame (her vanilla sky co-star tom cruise along with wife katie holmes were in attendance) i don't mind ms. diaz at all but in all honesty - i didn't really want to write a post about her (or her upcoming movie my sister's keeper which looks like a total drag) i'm simply using this latest star ceremony as another MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame glenn close gets her hollywood blvd star! January 12, 2009 Michael Knudsen 3 Comments Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame good evening! oh my word - it was beyond difficult to get back into the swing of things today after a truly amazing & relaxing vacation down in maui (right now i'm trying to organize all the pictures...stay tuned) i was a bit tired at work (after getting in at 1am - i finally slept around 3am) but i picked up right where i left off - plus it was good to see all of my work friends! anyways right now i've got actress glenn close who received the MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame cate blanchett gets her hollywood star! December 5, 2008 Michael Knudsen 1 Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Cate Blanchett Hollywood Walk Of Fame good evening! today actress cate blanchett finally received a star on hollywood's walk of fame (#2,376) i'm super surprised she didn't already have one - she is an academy award winner after all for her work in the aviator (it still shocks me that mary-kate & ashley olsen have a star on hollywood blvd) when i left for work this morning i saw the set-up for the ceremony but i couldn't get down there to take my own pictures but the ones below are MORE Tagged Cate Blanchett Hollywood Walk Of Fame holly hunter is a hollywood blvd star! May 30, 2008 Michael Knudsen 1 Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame good evening everybody! normally i get to catch most of the ceremonies along hollywood blvd when a new celebrity star is revealed but unfortunately this morning i missed one of my favorite actresses - ms. holly hunter being bestowed with the 2,363rd star along 'the walk of fame' - i was completely shocked to find out she didn't already have one - let's not forget ms. hunter is an academy award winner (for her amazing work in 1993's the piano) MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame sean diddy combs gets his blvd star May 2, 2008 Michael Knudsen Leave a Comment Filed Under Walk of Fame Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame hey hey! here are a few pictures i just snapped of sean 'diddy' combs getting the 2,362nd star along hollywood blvd's infamous walk of fame (it was massively crowded down there and people were waving balloons and signs like crazy people - plus it's pretty hot outside so i didn't stay for long) he's actually the first male rap artist to be honored with a star - i'm not overly crazy about mr. combs but he doesn't really bother me either - gosh MORE Tagged Hollywood Walk Of Fame 1 2 3 4 Next  Get Social with PopBytes  Recently on PopBytes Kris Jenner is mad that Lamar Odom might tarnish her familys reputation? The Golden Globes want Tina Fey  Amy Poehler again! Miley Cyrus team is freaking out over her VMAs performance? RuPaul Drives  with special guest Henry Rollins! Oh yeah, *NSYNC was at the VMAs too  Links: This grill epidemic must be stopped! Chris Brown might be associated with a street gang? So Miley Cyrus twerked at the 2013 MTV VMAs  So the 2013 MTV VMAs were last night  Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom are separated?! PopBytes on Facebook PopBytes on Twitter Tweets by @PopBytes PopBytes on Google+ Tags American Idol Amy Winehouse Angelina Jolie Beyoncé Britney Spears Charlie Sheen Chris Brown Concerts Courtney Love Courtney Stodden David Beckham Drag Queens Drag Race Giveaway Glee Jennifer Aniston Jessica Simpson Justin Bieber Kanye West Katy Perry Khloe Kardashian Kim Kardashian Kris Humphries Kris Jenner Lady Gaga Legal Issues Lindsay Lohan Linkage Madonna Mariah Carey Mashup Miley Cyrus Music Videos National Enquirer Nicki Minaj Oscars Paris Hilton R.I.P. Rihanna RuPaul Sex Tapes Star Magazine Tom Cruise Trailers Twitter Categories Select Category Adverts(58) Animals(8) Awards(177) Emmys(19) Golden Globes(26) Grammys(16) Oscars(51) Books(3) Celeb Sighting(31) Events(22) Film(517) DVD(25) Reviews(89) Trailers(193) Gossip(541) National Enquirer(75) Star Magazine(310) You Didnt Hear It From Me(27) Holidays(50) Hollywood(99) Graumans(14) Premieres(25) Walk of Fame(41) Interviews(23) Los Angeles(7) Magazines(133) Music(1400) Concerts(76) Listen(118) Mashup of the Week(302) Monday MP3(215) Music Video(502) People(6521) Actors(662) Actresses(706) Amanda Bynes(24) Amy Winehouse(89) Angelina Jolie(93) Anna Nicole Smith(16) Athletes(35) Azealia Banks(17) Beyoncé(93) Britney Spears(183) Courtney Love(82) Courtney Stodden(69) Dancers(2) David Beckham(53) Dita Von Teese(10) Famewhores(530) Guess Who?(22) Gwen Stefani(34) Jennifer Aniston(19) Jennifer Lopez(41) Jessica Simpson(64) Justin Timberlake(33) Kim Kardashian(266) Lady Gaga(190) Lana Del Rey(37) Lil Kim(23) Lindsay Lohan(501) Liza Minnelli(16) Madonna(96) Mariah Carey(47) Marina and the Diamonds(31) Martha Stewart(30) Michael Jackson(27) Models(70) Musicians(1338) Nicki Minaj(45) Oprah Winfrey(37) Pamela Anderson(23) Paris Hilton(118) R.I.P.(113) Tammy Faye(9) Tom Cruise(76) Tori Amos(56) Valerie Cherish(27) Victoria Beckham(33) Whitney Houston(47) PopBytes(1858) FashionBytes(69) FilmBytes(22) FitnessBytes(117) Giveaway(62) Just Because Hes Cute(47) Lazy Sundays(9) LegalBytes(17) Moanday Update(15) Personal(35) Pop Nosh(1066) TelevisionBytes(64) TrailerBytes(37) Video Fix(220) Random(211) Television(1009) Alias(9) Americas Next Top Model(11) American Horror Story(8) American Idol(143) Arrested Development(18) Big Brother(15) Glee(55) HBO(29) Netflix(1) Nip/Tuck(49) Orange Is The New Black(3) Reality(192) RuPauls Drag Race(54) Showtime(49) Sitcoms(31) Six Feet Under(10) SMASH(19) The Amazing Race(12) The Apprentice(31) Theater(55) Video Games(8) PopBytes on Instagram Get Social with PopBytes    Scandal – Season 2 – Deleted Scene – Video Mary Lambert – She Keeps Me Warm – Music Video What’s On TV Tonight? – 8/27/2013 SyFy Fall Programming Lineup Jhene Aiko injured in car accident “Robert Pattinson visited sick kids at an LA hospital a few weeks ago” links Is Lady Gaga worried that Miley Cyrus out-stunt- queened her at the VMAs? Nicole Richie presents her guide to dining al fresco: lovely or strange? Is Miley Cyrus’ team ‘freaked’ & Robin Thicke ‘bummed’ over VMA fallout? Kelly Clarkson mocks the ‘pitchy strippers’ of the VMAs, everybody slams Miley This Is How Bill Hader Got Hired For "Saturday Night Live" Vin Diesel Made The Greatest, Goofiest Faces During His Walk Of Fame Star Ceremony The 16 Biggest Summer Movie Surprises, Both Good And Bad Exclusive: "Bunheads" Bids A Wonderful Farewell To Its Fans Why The iPhone Is Causing Problems For Movies 13 Of Our Favorite #NSAPickupLines High School Bans “Revealing” Cheerleading Uniforms From Class But Makes Girls Wear Them to Games Just A Gratuitous Update On Some Lesser “Jersey Shore” Stars The Standard Hotel Comes Under Fire For Trivializing Violence Against Women In Their Latest Ad Campaign Real Talk: On Literary Erotica, Part 1  Cheryl Cole Has a Full Butt Tattoo Alexander Skarsgard Went Full on Bro at a Swedish Soccer Match Terry Richardson Took Pictures of Lady Gaga’s Gold Butt And Now Some Miley Cyrus VMA Backlash Beauty Pageant Joanlia Lising’s Q Answer Is Amazing Robin Thicke’s Mom Gets It The Other Dudes In NSYNC Are Mad At Justin Timberlake Miley Cyrus Is Still Trying Nice Shirt, Vanessa Hudgens And Links RIP Miley Cyrus Sandra Bullock and George Clooney Cruise Into Venice Serious in St.-Tropez: See Simon Cowell and Lauren Silverman's PDA-Filled Getaway Don't Miss Out on Your October Must Have Box! Matt Damon Talks Civil Liberties, Says Snowden Did a "Great Thing" Jennifer Garner Gets Emotional on Set With Steve Carell Watch: “Pieces of Carver” Starring Max and Charlie Carver For Bello Mag James Franco Is 'Made To Measure' For Gucci New Fragrance France / Baptiste Giabiconi Fights Like A Men ... Screams Like A Lady Game Of Thrones Kit Harington Looking Abdolicious In Pompeii First Trailer *Actual Historical Facts Not Included* Jean-Pierre Jeunet Is Disgusted By Amélie Poulain Becoming A Musical TOP | COPYRIGHT NOTICES | PRIVACY POLICY |  2003 - 2013   Tweet   