  Art  Entertainment Automobiles Beauty  Fashion Gadgets  Gizmos Health  Fitness Home  Living Parenting  Family Society Travel Entertainment topics allow you to include humor and personal experiences in a speech. Go through this article and find lots of funny entertainment speech topic ideas. Lifestyle Lounge : Art  Entertainment Looking for something? SEARCH Entertainment Speech Topics Though most of the people think otherwise, a speech is not given with the purpose of providing information only, and neither does it aim to put across a person's viewpoints on serious topics only. In fact, for that matter, the issues that concern a society, in general, or a section of it, in particular, need not necessarily be the only topics for a speech. You can give a speech on funny and entertaining topics as well, including lots of humor in it. For giving an entertaining speech, you need to select the topic carefully (it should be funny, but not offensive to anyone), look at all the view points and, if possible, involve personal experiences and funny stories in it as well. However, most of us will not have any idea on funny and entertaining speech topic and end up choosing something which is quite hilarious. In case you are searching for funny and entertaining speech topics right now, the following list will come handy. Choosing some of these is sure to entertain you as well as keep you informed. Entertainment Speech Topic Ideas Why compare when you are the best A man's dilemma: beer or women? Advice for a happy married life Bad hair day solutions What to do when bored Best Chinese proverbs  their explanation Clean your house in 30 minutes Creative ways to propose Becoming popular is easy Crime does pay, at times Excuses to get you out of every situation Gift wrapping and men How to best answer a woman How to train a puppy? Life of a famous celebrity Things men should never say Rare pronunciations How to buy condoms discreetly? Shopping guide for a man Stages a hard working employee goes through Strange dress codes - are they still in Teachers - why they hate us How to drive people crazy? What not to say to a police officer? The best prank ideas The male guide to selecting an outfit Things that films have told you How to impress women instantly? Typical mom sayings What not to say at an interview? Things your mom would never say Can Santa Claus be a woman? Things to do when you are bored on a lazy Sunday Things you will not know without watching films. Ways to cat walk The Jokes that back-fired The party which did not go well. If I ruled the world About Cartoon characters My worst day ever My worst nightmare Why mother knows best The best jokes ever said The worst jokes ever said Things that make two people compatible Blind dating Games to be played for parties Party Ideas Gift ideas for various occasions Ways to photograph a baby Working of entertainment industry Happy puppies make humans happy Funny Guinness World Records set by humans Creative way of proposing Whether to play golf at night or in the snow Ways to test your popularity Freudian slips of the tongue Basic rules for driving in a big city Crazy things to do in a final that doesn't matter Comparisons which wont hold Grandchildren's phrases Breaking up is not hard How I ran away from home Funny Names to call your tutors Describing a yo-yo to an alien What do teachers do off duty? How you can tell when you're drunk The worse chat-up lines ever How to give your dog a pill Most stupid labels Things to do at the last day of school How to color your face and prepare for Halloween How to be funny in front of an audience About the French Unbelievable lottery winners stories Things to remember while searching for men Things to bear in mind while looking for women The truth behind cafeteria food How to explain baseball or football to a foreigner How you can tell when you're drunk Unimaginable websites that exist The simple and sweet art of kissing List of insults made by celebrities How to become paparazzi How to become a singer or actor Excuses to make to avoid work and ways not to get caught. Laughter: That Makes You Laugh I Wish I Could Rewind The Blind Date Costume Party Stories Understanding Women Why I Wish I Were A Wizard? What I Can't Do in Public! Advantages of Changing Your Gender Being The Boss of Your Ex! Ways to Irritate Your Teacher/Boss Ways to Take The Hell Out of Your Bully Roommate Advice on Successful Married Life By a Bachelor How to Train Your Pet to Harm People You Hate How to Play a Prank On Your Boss Most Dumb Questions Ever Asked If Men Could Get Pregnant  Related Articles How To Entertain Kids At Birthday Party Humorous Speech Topics Wedding Entertainment Ideas Wedding Speech Quotes Funny Debate Topics Argumentative Speech Topics How to Cite  See also Inspirational Quotes | Kids Crafts | Love Quotes | Lunch Ideas | Movie Reviews | Music | New Year | Origami | Paintings  Art | Paper Crafts  More in ' Art  Entertainment ' Robin Hood Facts | How To Freeze Apples | Craft Ideas For Grandparents' Day | Scottish Cuisine | Outdoor Halloween Decoration Ideas More from iloveindia. com Home Remedies | Ayurveda | Vastu | Yoga | Feng Shui | Tattoos | Fitness | Garden | Nutrition | Parenting | Bikes | Cars | Baby Care | Indian Weddings | Festivals | Party ideas | Horoscope 2013 | Pets | Finance | Figures of Speech | Hotels in India : Delhi | Hyderabad | Chennai | Mumbai | Kolkata | Bangalore | Ahmedabad | Jaipur  Contact Us Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Advertise With Us Lifestyle Sitemap Copyright iloveindia.com . All Rights Reserved.  