 University of South Dakota View: Mobile or Standard skip to main content Search  myU Contact Us USD A to Z College of Fine Arts You are here: Home Fine Arts Print Share Fine Arts Home Experience The Sound The USD marching band, The Sound of USD, travels internationally performing many musical genres. More> Mission Statement The College of Fine Arts prepares students for life-long engagement with local and global communities through education in Art, Music, or Theatre. Our dedicated faculty inspire students by challenging them to strive for excellence in creative scholarship/research.   Considering Art, Music or Theatre? With state-of-the-art facilities and faculty comprised of dedicated teachers and working professionals, the College of Fine Arts combines high educational standards with extraordinary opportunities for real-world experience. We invite you to visit our Departments  section to find all the details about our world-class programs in Art , Music and Theatre . Or view the events calendar to find out about the many events going on each week, including performances, gallery exhibits, contests, festivals and camps. As the only college offering the B.F.A., M.F.A., Bachelor's of Music and Master's of Music degrees in the state of South Dakota, you will no doubt find something that's a fit for your interests! News  Events Coyote football to honor veterans, military service personnel at home opener with Military Appreciation Day USD Director of Choral Activities presented with 2013 Encore Award University Art Galleries hosts annual UAG Loan Exhibition Show Exhibition (8/27) Dust, Metal, and Stone: The... Exhibition (8/27) The Shapes of Sound: Hearin... Exhibition (8/29) Evening at the NMM - Extende... More News More Events  Menu Fine Arts Home Weekly Events Overview Dean's Office Dean's Welcome Scholarships USD Night at the Washington Pavilion Fine Arts Strategic Plan 2013-2018 Departments Art Music Theatre Black Hills Playhouse National Music Museum University Art Galleries Giving Contact Information College of Fine Arts Warren M. Lee Center University of South Dakota 414 E. Clark St. Vermillion, SD 57069 Work Phone: 605-677-5481 Fax : 605-677-5988 finearts@usd.edu www.usd.edu/finearts Admissions Questions? University of South Dakota 414 E Clark St. Vermillion SD 57069 1-877-COYOTES | Work 1-877-269-6837 Emergency Privacy Accessibility EEOC Policies USD is governed by the Board of Regents of South Dakota . © Copyright 2013 