 DIRECTORY Home General LDS Information Basic LDS Beliefs LDS Videos Answers to Critics' Questions Answers to Submitted Questions Scriptures and LDS Literature Genealogy/Family Organization LDS Temples Missionary LDS Online Stores and Services Priesthood, Auxiliaries, Humor, Etc. Site Map Suggest a Site Search!   Music, Arts, and Entertainment * Music LDS Music Stores - Listing of online LDS music stores LDS.org Church Music - Listen to and download music from the LDS web site Music and the Spoken Word - Transcripts from the Sunday morning TV program MormonTabernacleChoir.org - Official site of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir Mormon Tabernacle Choir YouTube - Official YouTube channel of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir Mormon Tabernacle Choir Page - Information and news about the choir Mormon Channel - Official radio station of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints YourLDSRadio.com - Features upbeat, positive, contemporary music LDS Radio Online - Uplifting LDS music LDSAnthems.com - How Lovely was the Morning: the Story of the Restoration of the Gospel of Jesus Christ Young LDS Music - Clean LDS music for young people LDS Music Charts -Online resource to help members of the church find appropriate music to listen and dance to. The PianoGuys.com - A popular LDS music duo performing renditions and mashes of popular songs on piano and cello. Duane Hiatt - Featuring the music of The Three D's, The D's and Duane Hiatt. Kenneth Cope - Official site for musician Kenneth Cope MichaelBallam.com - Official site for Michael Ballam Debbie Zufall's Church Music Site - A website devoted to sacred choir and organ music Acland Music - Free sheet music and downloads of hymns, anthems and other choral works Jackman Music Corp. - Leading publisher of LDS sheet music Brandon Bascom - Hymn arrangements of pianist Brandon Bascom Teton Music - Free and reasonably priced LDS hymn arrangements and original works Free Choral Music: J. Ashley Hall - Free church choir music to download HymnWiki - Source for LDS Hymns and other religious music BreezeTunes - Free Christian/LDS sheet music by Garrett Breeze. Daniel Carter - Daniel Carter music downloads and sheet music LDSMusicAndBooks.com - LDS choral and instrumental music. Book of Mormon geography book FiddleSticks Family Music - Recordings of old-time Nauvoo and pioneer hymns, and celtic tunes Mark Hansen Music - Powerful and uplifting LDS-oriented rock music Latter Day Songs.com - LDS music in your inbox! LDSMusicNow - Purchase and download individual songs or entire songbooks. LDSTunesNow - Purchase and download individual MP3's or entire albums. Music by Glade - LDS hymn arrangements for choir Copypack Music - Appropriate arrangements of hymns for choir that may be copied. Free LDS Sheet Music - Biggest index of free LDS/Mormon Sheet music on the web Mormon Marketplace - Your child can learn the piano with the Children's Primary Songs Learning Keyboard LDSMusic.us - LDS sheet music, PDF files, and MP3 recordings. LDSMusician.com - Download and listen to LDS music Tuiofu and Thomas Music - LDS Christian Sheet Music for purchase and to download free of charge HeartRise Productions - Providing the finest in music for LDS audiences SimpleHymns.com - Selected Hymns in simple form Inspirational Music Showcase - Inspiring, encouraging, strengthening music LatterDayTunes.com - Offers MP3s, CDs, and ring tunes for cell phones LDS Music World - Find LDs Musicians and download music LDS Music Online - Source of uplifting music for the LDS Audience Poplar Lane Arts - Music in Spanish for LDS families, including original songs to memorize the Articles of Faith LDSVibe - Latest news and events from LDS artists along with a radio toolbar ChoirWorks.com - Free and low-cost choral music from LDS composer M Ryan Taylor Mormons in Music - Highlights LDS music artists who may differ in backgrounds, musical styles, tastes, and experience. Day Murray Music - One of the largest selections of sheet music, choral music, karaoke, and lds music in the U.S. The Honeybee Trio - Performing classics from the 1930s and beyond in three-part harmony Arts LDS Art Stores - Listing of online LDS art stores LDS Historical Art and Photography - Paintings, photos, and videos of LDS historical subjects LDS Historical Art - Joseph Smith.net - Paintings of LDS historical subjects BYU Museum of Art - Historical and contemporary works of art Mormon Artist - Online magazine published bimonthly and dedicated to covering the Latter-day Saint arts world Chad Hawkins - Temple masterpieces representing countless hours of artistic creation LDSART.com - Works of art from various LDS artists Free LDS Mormon Art - LDS Clipart, T-shirt Iron-on Transfers, Stickers, Stationery, MySpace Layouts, Cards, Bookmarks, Wallpaper and More LDS Images - Find any religious image you may need. MyCTRRing.com - Free LDS Clip Art, LDS Pictures, LDS Activities, LDS Puzzles, and more JennySmith.net - LDS clip art and more Religious Education Archive Image Collection - Images pertaining to the doctrines and history of the LDS Church Entertainment LDS Film Festival HaleStormEntertainment.com - Home site for "The Singles Ward", "The RM", "The Home Teachers", and "The Best Two Years" movies Candlelight Media Group, Inc. - Specializing in production, distribution and representation of quality films LDSFilm.com - Films by Latter-day Saint Filmmakers LDS Church Broadcasting - Conference, Relief Society, and CES Fireside broadcasts BYU Broadcasting - BYU TV and Radio programs Mormon Messages - YouTube videos produced by the LDS Church (* The listing of any commercial sites is for your convenience only and is not intended as an endorsement of their products or services. Please conduct your business directly with those sites.)     Out of Step   Return to top HOME 