 Shop The Amazon Warehouse for Automotive Deals and Discounts Cars For Sale This subject is something I know about inside and out. When I see cars for sale I see dollar signs. Anyone can make money with cars. The trick is to make the maximum amount per deal. This of course starts with the most basic sale principal of all time. Buy low and sell high. Yes this is easier said then done. I know people that have turned this into an art form. I wrote an article about my mentor and his unique used car business . I enjoyed a unique perspective that helped me learn from his mistakes and his success. I also learned from others. I am currently writing a book on cars for sale focusing on the buying low part. This book will take some time but I wanted to share some tips with you Today. Lets start with the product since the success of any business is directly related to the quality of the product. When first getting started only buy desirable cars. A good example, the 99 Infiniti Q45 above. It only comes 1 way (Loaded). Buyers will over look high mileage and many other things to wrap themselves in luxury! But you have to get the car cheap. How I started buying low was the mass low-ball offer on private cars for sale. A car buying trick I learned from a late night infomercial real-estate guru. Interesting sidebar: Many rich and famous people built their success on the back of buying and selling cars because you have to start somewhere. Best Time to Buy a Used Car Unlike real estate people with private cars for sale are almost always motivated sellers. Your job is to find out just how motivated they are. You know from your own experience, when you have cars for sale, you always want to get rid of that old car fast. People want to move on and that old car sitting around stops this from happening. You can use this to your advantage by being patient and realizing the seller needs you. However, to maximize this advantage you will need cash in hand. The power of a cash now offer can make sellers jump at the stack of bills and forget the original asking price. The mass low-ball offer helps you find the most motivated of these automobile sellers. It works like this; you go through the local car classifieds and look at model verses price. You then pick out the most popular models loaded with options (selling features) at the lowest prices. Circle all the good ads and build up a big list. If you need help on determining what a good price for a specific model car or truck is you can look up unlimited book values for free at Kelly Blue Book Bookmark or share this buying cars for sale resource page with a friend. Come back to use all the valuable tools on this website. Browse through Mark's Certifications and resume on Google+ . After purifying the list make the calls and go see the vehicles. You want to make sure the car "has eye". To turn a profit selling cars the inventory must have extreme curb appeal. "Eye" refers to the pleasant feeling someone gets deep inside when they're looking at something that brings an involuntary positive emotional response generating the words "I want". Luxury Infiniti, Acura, Lexus and sporty automobiles even with high miles sell much easier for this reason. Then make the insulting low ball offers. Thousands below the asking price. You must be firm and direct. Most people will say no way. Leave them your name and number and tell them to call you if they get stuck and need the money. You'll be surprised at how many calls you will get. Just do this over and over until you find the ultimate deal. Don't hesitate on walking away from a deal or making a counter offer even lower to cover any auto repair costs. Before the money changes hands check the vehicle out thoroughly. More on the subject on my how to buy used cars page. See how to check a vehicle with a used car inspection guide . Make Money Selling Cars Its time to repair the little tings like loose trim and broken taillights or any other small dollar repairs that attract attention. Then detail the car to the hilt. Do it yourself or spend money on it you can't go wrong with this decision. Either way this is the step that brings the dollars. It is also the big mistake that your seller has most likely made by not performing a full head to toe detailing. When most potential car buyers see the ultimate shinny clean, new looking and fresh smelling car they picture themselves behind the wheel . This is exactly what you are looking for and allows you to sell this automobile at the highest possible price! More on the power of a clean vehicle in my car detail section. Explore information, tips and secrets of Car detailing . Until my own make money selling cars book comes out, I have found a fantastic reference guide and how to book on the cars for sale subject. Many visitors to this page have purchased this automotive information and the feedback has been mostly positive. This in-Depth how to guide helps you steer clear of the common mistakes made by people new to the car selling business . This reduces the learning curve and makes it easier to buy below wholesale book value and resell above the retail value on your first attempts. The material is well packaged with many related bonuses. I also joined Stevens affiliate program so that does mean I have a "material connection" to his website. His site has been recently updated and does a good job explaining what is in his guide. Although there was more in his books then his web page stated. Stephen says this is called over delivering. He has added a second guide to his cars for sale package plus 5 related bonuses making This deal very valuable and cost effective in my biased opinion. Of course he is also offering a 100% money back guarantee. In his bonus 51-page blue print he walks you through 25 of his own personal cars to cash deals. You will read in exact detail from the beginning of each car deal to the sale of the vehicle. Steven leaves nothing out good or bad! Seeing his car deals in detail can speed up your progress and help you turn a large learning curve into a quick read. This next link "disclosure of material connections" is a paid affiliate link. But don't let that stop you from taking a look at Stephens website. I personally have not seen a better guide for making money with cars . If buying e-books is not your thing, never fear more free information is here. I have created 4 related articles on this cars for sale subject. The more you know the better it will go! I have some more information on the buying low portion of the making money with cars process as well as a true success story about the guy who got me started buying and selling cars This next page reviews the most successful car business model I have seen. Learn what made it work so well and what crushed it. This true story may make you think twice about getting into the used car business Selling three cars a year is considered private sale. If you are very serious about this cars for sale business and you want to expand into your own car lot learn how you can get a car dealer license . This E-book takes a different approach. Here the focus is less on the product but more on demand. This is a book about flipping cars for profit . Learn more about Kelly blue book. History of the company and tips on how to use their re designed website are included on this next page about the company. They also provide links to cars for sale . Automotive information and facts. Learn the car business from the inside out. Make money and save money with powerful information. Learn more on the homepage about what you can find on this Car questions website . Search my sites and the net for information about cars for sale. Custom Search  Ask Mechanics Now Type your Car question here letters left Home DIY Car Repair Auto Repair Manuals DIY Auto Repair Tips Auto Scan Tools Info Car Alarm & Audio Learn Car Detailing Auto Tools & Supplies Your Car Repair Story Buying & Selling Automobiles Make Money with Cars About Auction Cars New Car Buying Tip How To Buy Used Cars About Car Leases Buy Car Online Tips Automotive Information Automotive Blog My Auto Repair Book Sitemap Website Policies Automotive News Hybrid Cars Information Increase Fuel Economy Fast Hot Cars Fun Car Games Trending Posts [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site  Contact Us Directly By Using The Comment Box located on the Auto Repair Book Page. Copyright © 2006 - 2013 Mark Gittelman LLC WWW.Auto-Facts.org Content Protected By CopyScape© 