 Color Earrings from $5.99! General  Information Art   Performance Cities   Provinces Culture   Tradition Diplomatic Missions Education  School Entertainment Finance   Banking Government Health   Medicine History   Dynasties Import  Export Investment  Stock IT   Computer Law   Justice Map  Atlas Media   Publication Military   Army Organizations People   Society Personal   Hobby Real  Estates Reference  Library Science   Tech. Shopping   Auction Sports   Recreation Statistics  Data Travel   Tour Who's  Who Back to  HOME Enter your search terms  Web ChinaToday.com Submit search form   ***  ***  CHINA MAP China Wall Map, Atlas China Travel Map and City Maps .. .   China Information and Online Sources Chinese Art Information Hot Video: Demystify Chinese Painting Exhibition Links: 3D Human Body Art Memory of Old Beijing - Picture Show Chinese Wax Painting Art Traditional Chinese Dress - Qipao (Qi'pao) - A Picture Show Chinese Dancing Pencil Sketch Show: Keep Memory of Beijing's Hutong International Media's China Art News and Information Links Chinese Shadow Play (Picture Report) Exotic China - A Huge Art Exam to Pursuit Art Dream China Modern Art, China Contemporary Art National Award Winning Children's Painting : Our life is so good...  Hot Video: Chinese Art China Art Report Links Chinese Opera Gets a Modern Edge ( details ) Kung fu propaganda - ThereÂs a ton of easy money in praising the party ( details ) Reel China: Political maneuvers drive 'Beginning of the Great Revival's' success - The epic about the Chinese Communist Party stars China's most famous actors. Theaters have cleared room for it and companies are pushing employees to see it. ( click for details on Los Angeles Times ) In China, Art Is Making a Commercial Statement ( click for details on the New York Times ) Pressure on China to Release Dissident Artist ( click for details onn New York Times ) China Takes Dissident Artist Into Custody ( click for details on New York Times ) Will the great film quota wall of China come down? - A World Trade Organisation ruling demands that China end its quota of 20 foreign films a year. Dollar signs are lighting up in foreign producers' eyes ( click for details on the Guardian ) Reel China: Hollywood tries to stay on China's good side ( click for details on Los Angeles Times ) China overtakes Britain in art market: report ( click for details on Reuters ) International ice sculpture contest kicks off in China's City of Ice ( click for details ) Now showing in China - independent films - By Mitch Moxley ( click for details ) MaoÂs Last Dancer: True story a political pas de deux ( click for details ) A dance show with politics in the wings ( click for details ) A place for us in a Lang Lang China ( click for details ) China art smashes records ( click for details ) ÂThatÂs the real China,Â Says Art Enthusiast China's Film Bureau sets up website - English-language portal targets export market China's First Lady of Opera Tractor-powered tanks: China's military movie might (link to MoneyControl.com) Year Of The Tiger - Paper Artistry; Chinese celebrate new year (link to Calgary Herald) Audio slideshow: Art and politics in China (link to BBC News) China's violin city spreads string messageBy Emily Chang, CNN China's urban art shows off skyscraping ambition Exhibiting a rotting tofu hut alongside a dragon made of underpants, Shenzhen's third biennale of architecture glories in the dizzying excess of China's urban growth How China is using art (and artists) to sell itself to the world (Toronto Star) Winds of change propel China's new art stars (the Star, Toronto) Chinese film director hosts class -- One of China's top movie directors is staging a master class for film and media students in Ceredigion later. (BBC) Friends Get Together, and Even a Solo Instrument Can Join in a Group (The New York Times) 'China to Study British Museum for Looted Artefacts (telegraph.uk) In China, a Headless Mao Is a Game of Cat and Mouse China film on track for box office record Art in the alleys - Shanghai has long been a meeting point for east and west. That's still true in the back streets of the Taikang Road art district, where Chinese photography meets Aussie barbecue and Tibetan jewellery Artist locks himself in a box to protest China's one-child policy A Filmmaker Finds Her Play Is the Thing The Collector: Ai Weiwei China's Zhang Yimou to direct 'Turandot' at Bird Nest Lu's 'City' draws raves, death threats On Display at the China International Gallery Exposition, Contemporary Art - New York Times French film festival Panorama tours China Artscape hit by global financial chill Here's looking at you, kid, a thousand years from now (Xinhua) China to bring Das Kapital to life on Beijing stage Cast-offs of China's communist experiment US National Symphony will tour China, South Korea ChinaÂs Art Market: Cold or Maybe Hibernating? China denies art auction bid role - BBC News Oasis: China axed shows over free Tibet concert - AP Film on China's founding - The Straits Times Oasis gigs in China canceled for economic reasons - Reuters Zhang Xiaogang Is China?s Most-Valuable Artist, Hurun Says - Bloomberg 1000 artworks to see before you die: Ancient China. Guardian.co.uk Vancouver's symphonic success in China. National Post London's new Saatchi Gallery looks to China's emerging artists. The Canadian Press Glimpses of China's inner workings. The Boston Globe ChinaÂs Female Artists Quietly Emerge. New York Times, USA China cultural revolution not all bad for ballet. Reuters Why wasn't hit film made in China? Success of `Kung Fu Panda' movie sparks debate over Chinese culture and how it's seen at home. Toronto Star A family album of contemporary art from China. SF Gate In Pictures: China's 25 Most Powerful Celebrities. Forbes Symphony of Millions - Taking stock of the Chinese music boom. The New Yorker China boycotts Sharon Stone films after star blames earthquake on bad karma for Tibet. Times UK Kung Fu film 'The Forbidden Kingdom' is a hit in China May 8, AP China's Olympic art attack. The Guardian May 6, 2008 Electronic Arts sees China among top 3 Asia markets.  Reuter China Modern Art:  Beijing's 798 District The Arts Comer! Changyang, Beijing,  China New stars rising over  China - Beijing is playing host to a revolution in Chinese art. But is it  for love or money, asks Jane Macartney, news.com.au More China Art News and Information Links  Gallery / Exhibition China National Art Gallery (in Chinese) A+A Art Exhibition 2007 Beijing in Your Eyes (online photo show)  Shanghai  Art Gallery  Wax  painting exhibition Liu  Zhilong's Wax painting Exhibition Photo  Exhibition - Xinjiang, the Beautiful! Audio slideshow: Art and politics in China (link to BBC)  Painting  The Gallery of China A Look at Chinese Painting Chinese Brush Painting Arts of China Consortium Chinese painting Learn Chinese painting step by step. Traditional Chinese Painting ChinaÂs Female Artists Quietly Emerge. New York Times, USA Exotic China - A Huge Art Exam to Pursuit Art Dream China to establish national protection center for ancient murals - Xinhua  Chinese Music Sound of music from  across world July 28 -- The Cultural Affairs Bureau of the Macau  SAR Government will hold the 21st Macau International Music Festival  (MIMF) from October 5 to 31. The festival that brings  internationally-acclaimed artists from all over the world to Macau  every year, has now become a major musical event in the territory. (Click the title  of the news for full report.) Chinese Music for Download Music of China Chinese  Music Society of North America  T he  Rolling Stones to make China debut in April 2006  Buy Twelve Girls Band CD China: Classical Instrumental Music The Chinese Music Page Chinese Music Chinese  Instruments Music from China Chinese Music Introduction China  National Grand Theater (Right) and The Great Hall of People (Left) P erforming Arts Chicago to China: A Giddy Musical Exchange - The New York Times China National Grand Therter Conway opera singer on tour to China with Domingo  Propaganda Paintings  China Propaganda Paintings in different periods of communist China - a very good collections   Chinese Folk Arts Wax  painting exhibition Liu Zhilong's Wax painting Exhibition Chinese Art The Art of China Chinese Art and Art History China Art Net Golden Girls in Beijing  1996  Cartoon Chappatte's Cartoon: China: Long March to Capitalism Cartoon Chinese Bunny on Suicide Mission The Sprouting Chinese Cartoon Industry Chinese Cartoons turn to traditional arts for inspiration Chinese political cartoons, social commentary NHK to show Chinese cartoon in Japan Other Forms of Art China Academy of Art  China Academy  of Art (Chinese Version) Chinese  Arts  Music Association     Chinese M ovie Hong Kong, China unveil Oscar submissions. Hollywood Reporter New York Film Festival focusing on China in '09. Reuters Golden Lion winner Lust, Caution  approved for release China opens eyes to French films Chinese Movie Database  Now available on    Culture and  Art Administration and Associations Ministry of Culture (website is in Chinese) Chinese Films (official site of China film industry) China Photographers' Association (in Chinese Language) China Artists Associatio n (in Chinese Language)  Advertisement Tree-Root Made Chair Tree-Root Chair Art Education  China Academy of Art China Academy  of Art (Chinese Version) Chinese  Arts  Music Association  Art Organizations The Center for US-China Arts Exchange - Columbia  University   Chinese Art Info. Links   China bans censored brothel film. BBC. National Grand Theater to open on Dec. 22 Art exchange preps Thursday's Shanghai Arts  Festival Oct. 17, 2007  Chinese Art Sets Record  Sales in Hong Kong Oct. 9, 2007  Chinese Art - by Wikipedia Chinese Art Information (Chinese web with  English links) China Culture Information  Net Confucius Institute launched in Quebec  Chinese Arts, Music and Performing Art (W. Kentucky University) Hidden Beauty of  Panjiayuan Official China Culture Site Art market more mature in Beijing Beijing's newly established National Performing Arts Center and the Meilanfang Grand Theatre entertained a steady flow of theatre goers over the National Day holidays. With more arts festivals taking place on the Capital stage, the fan base is growing rapidly for performances that would have been dismissed as high-brow, only a few years ago. International troupes in array enter and exit this city's stages. The just concluded 2008 International Folk Song Week, saw 24 overseas bands sharing the stage with 14 domestic groups at the National Performing Arts Center. For many people who live in Beijing, a night out at the theatre is an established part of the social routine. Mr. Wang, theatre-goer, said, I find that attending a show is a chic way to entertain. And the building's glossy exterior and lush decoration is an attraction in itself for my family and me. Ms. Liu, theatre-goer, said, I have found great personal benefit in the theatre experience. It's enriched my life since I retired. And it's also raised my understanding of the arts, including our own Chinese arts and those from abroad. (Source: CCTV.com, Oct. 8, 2008 )  Picture: Traditional Chinese Dance Traditional Chinese Dance: Qianshou Guanyin  China Art Event and Festivals Christina Aguilera breaks China Ice festival starts in Harbin Chinese Culture Year in France Young Chinese devote efforts to cross-culture exchange College girls go nude before camera for eternal beauty China Daily, Feature Report They are young, they are energetic, and now for an eternal memory, they go nude -- in the studio. They are college girls in Xi'an, an ancient city in landlocked Shaanxi Province, which served as the capital city of some 13 dynasties in the Chinese history, including the world-renowned Tang Dynasty (AD 618-907). ( full report ) The Rolling Stones to make China debut in April Xinhua News, Mar. 16, 2006 - The Rolling Stones will make their first ever visit to China to perform in Shanghai on April 8. The rock greats will play at Shanghai Grand Stage, which has more than 8,500 seats. The Shanghai performance is produced by WPC Piecemeal Inc., Concert Productions International and The Next Adventure, promoted locally by Emma Entertainment and sponsored by Deutsche Bank. Jonathan Krane, CEO of Emma Entertainment, says that the Shanghai concert is part of the Rolling Stones' bigger bang world tour. The tour opened in Boston in August 2005 and has already attracted more than 1.5 million fans in the UnitedStates. The Rolling Stones are among the better known Western rock acts in China. It's better late than never, says Li Yi, a 30-year-old Shanghai local. Many young Chinese love to listen to a lot of Rock and Roll music, which has been synonymous with a rebellious attitude. Ticket prices of the Rolling Stone's Shanghai concert range from 300 yuan (37.5 U.S. dollars) to 3,000 yuan (375 U.S. dollars). Chinese Related News and Information  Photography Album : Tang Jiali Art Photo Chinese Beauty: Tang Jiali  -  80 pages, full of color art pictures. (Inside pages: Sample page1 ,  page 2 , page 3 ) Purchase this photo album online Sculpture  Carving  A Stone Lion in Beijing  ADVERTISEMENT   China wonders tour up  $707 Exploring china's diversityup  $2200 China impression with the Yangtze  Cruise up $2494 Regal China-Cruiseup $392  *** ***  | General Information |  China Investment | China Import /Export | China Travel |  China Art | China Education | China Law | China Military |  China Organizations | China Provinces  Cities |  China Finance | China Sports |  This web site is created by InfoPacific Development Inc. and jointly managed by InfoPacific Development Inc. (Canada) and Kompass (China) Information Service Co. Ltd . This site is frequently updated and permanently under construction. All rights reserved 1995-2011. Contact Chinatoday.com? Please send your email to contact@chinatoday.com Advertisement on this website? Please CLICK HERE . Customers in China, please call our China Office at:  Beijing Office (8610) 6424 8799 and (8610) 6424 8801   All the information provided in this  website is for informational purposes only. Chinatoday.com disclaims  all liability or responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of  the information provided in this website and the opinions by  publications related to this website do not necessarily reflect the  views of Chinatoday.com or any of its affiliates.    