  Entertainment and media industries continue to encourage creativity, inspiration and as technology has given us entertainment, media that educate, entertain and inform. Entertainment Center Home  Give Your Speech Some Humor The Art of Liturgical Dance  Art, Music and Literature Based Communities What drives people? Some may say inspiration, our ambitions and needs; this is not very far from saying that people are driven by the inspiration provided by art and music as well as by the need to quench our literary thirst. For most people reading a book, watching a movie or listening to their favorite music isnt enough of an experience, the most important part is to interact and get validation from people with the same interests about our point of views and opinions. It is often said that every individual is different, this remains true in many aspects however when it comes to topics such as Art, music and literature we all have something in common, our tastes as far as music may concur with someone elses but our interests in literature could differ. Validation and the exchange of ideas is what makes the web so popular, every site built provides ideas which are meant to be validated by people, without this basic interaction the entire concept of the web is defeated. People interested in art, music literature, etc. have taken advantage of the web to create communities focused on sharing their thoughts regarding these topics, for instance some may consider Five for Fighting  100 years as much as a piece of musical art as Pachebels  Canon, some may definitively disagree as both pieces belong to different genres, one has vocals the other is solely instrumental; small differences in the perception of art is what triggers reactions on which entire communities come together and share their ideas regarding the topic being discussed. The same can be said of literature, for some Romeo and Juliet is without a doubt one of the most beautiful pieces of romantic literature ever written, however the language used may not have the same effect in contemporary readers as it wont convey the emotions it did back then; so it is to say that the power of such piece has diluted through time. In order to recreate such excellent work actors and writers come together and work in such play, however what matters is how people perceive their work and how emotions are conveyed through professional acting, again small differences trigger a sea of reviews and opinions which is better expressed in online interactions. For most of us free speech is the ultimate work of art, as it allows us to express our thoughts through any medium without worrying of censorship, taking advantage of the tools and resources available to express our thoughts is without a doubt the most precious right. Article Source: http://EzineArticles.com/?expert=Ivan_A_Cuxeva  This entry was posted on May 26, 2012, 11:34 am and is filed under Arts  Literature . You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.  Comments are closed.  Recent Posts Where To Find A Slot Machine For Sale Superbahis745 Better Wine Is Waiting For You Today 100goals Bachata Classes Toronto Options Archives Select Month August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 Categories Acting Tips Animation Arts  Entertainment Arts  Literature Dance Digital TV Drama Foods  Culinary Games Home Products  Services Humor Magic Movie Acting Movie Reviews MP3 Music Photography Radio Sports  Athletics Theater TV Online Uncategorized Our Partners  @2011 Entertainment Center SetTextSize SetPageWidth 