 Corporate Biographies Production/Relief Updates Executive Speeches Awards Company History Multidistrict Litigation Toyota Lexus Scion Manufacturing/Engineering/Design Sales/Financial Advanced Technology Philanthropy Environmental Safety/Recall  Search all Content Limit to Press Releases Limit to Photos/Video Limit to Albums Limit to Press Kits Advanced Search Toyota Lexus Scion Toyota Lexus Scion Manufacturing/Engineering Corporate Toyota Lexus Scion Manufacturing/Engineering Corporate Cars Avalon Camry Corolla Matrix Yaris Truck/Utility/Van 4Runner FJ Cruiser Highlander Land Cruiser RAV4 Sequoia Sienna Tacoma Tundra Venza Hybrids Camry Hybrid Highlander Hybrid Prius Prius c Prius v Prius Plug-In Electric Vehicles RAV4 EV Future Vehicles Concept Vehicles Cars ES F Sport GS IS IS C IS F LFA LS Utility GX LX RX Hybrids CT ES GS HS LS RX Future Vehicles Concept Vehicles Lifestyle FR-S iQ tC xB xD Future Vehicles Concept Vehicles  Email Alerts Search: Keywords: Advanced Search Home News Releases Categories: Lexus Auto Shows Concept Vehicles December 21, 2011 Lexus to Unveil Sport Coupe Concept Vehicle at North American International Auto Show in Detroit TORRANCE, Calif., Dec. 21, 2011  Taking the new Lexus design direction one step further, the LF-LC 2+2 sport coupe will be unveiled at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit at 1:25 p.m. Eastern time on January 9, 2012. Crafted from a clean sheet of paper at the request of Lexus headquarters in Japan, the LF-LC blends both high technology and organic shapes to connect the driver to the machine, said Mark Templin, Lexus group vice president and general manager. The clean lines of the vehicle emphasize motion, creating a distinctive look for this futuristic sport coupe. Conceived as a design exercise to explore the future of Lexus design, the LF-LC was created at the companys Calty design studio in Newport Beach, Calif. # # # Media Contacts: Lexus Public Relations Bill Kwong  310.468.3764 or bill_kwong@lexus.com Nancy Hubbell  310.468.7633 or nancy_hubbell@lexus.com Note to Editors: A high-resolution image is available at www.LexusNewsroom.com . Tags: lexus concept vehicles auto shows Related Assets Other articles in News Releases: Pricing Announced for 2014 Toyota Corolla 2014 Toyota Corolla Features and Specifications 2014 Toyota Corolla Product Information Toyota's 2014 Corolla Delivers Improved Efficiency and Driving Dynamics Toyota Announces Winners of Prius Plug-in MPG Challenge, Wave Two  back Toyota.com Lexus.com Scion.com Toyotafinancial.com Toyota.com/esq/ Toyota-global.com Toyota.com/espaol Legal Terms 2013 Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. You must be logged in to view this item. Login: Password:  This area is reserved for members of the news media. If you qualify, please update your userprofile and check the box marked "Check here to register as an accredited member of the news media". Please include any notesin the "Supporting information for media credentials" box. We will notify you of your status via e-mail in one business day. Copyright Notice All materials on this site are for editorial use only. The use of these materials for advertising, marketing or any other commercial purpose is prohibited. They may be cropped but not otherwise modified. To download these materials, you must agree to abide by these terms. 