  Home About Us Articles Contact Home Hello, and welcome to my convertible car seat review site. My name is Michael, and I have 3 young kids myself, so I know how important it is to find the best convertible car seat for the safety of your kids. My wife and I decided to go with these types of car seats because we knew we could get lots of use out of them. They can be used rear facing for when the child is an infant, then once they have reached the rear facing weight limit, the convertible car seat can be switched around to make it front facing. Instead of buying 3 to 4 different car seats as the child grows, purchasing the best convertible car seat seemed liked the most economical way to go. With so many brands out there to choose from, like Britax, Graco, Diono, Evenflo, True Fit, and many others, choosing one can be difficult. I learned it is important not to buy based on price alone. Looking at other factors will help you decide on the best convertible car seat. I hope my extensive convertible car seat reviews assist you in making an informed choice, and you are satisfied with your purchase. Summary of Convertible Car Seat Reviews Diono radianR100 Convertible Car Seat I never thought I would locate a car seat that would be as versatile as the Diono RadianR100 Convertible Car Seat. This seat has probably the longest expiration time of 10 years from date of manufacturing. A large weight range of 5 to 100 pounds, this is a seat that will last for years and may be the only seat you ever need to buy for your child. Diono has included 5 different harness heights, and 3 different buckle positions to make sure your child does not outgrow this convertible car seat right away. Safety of your child has not been forgotten about either. The main frame is made from a strong steel alloy for strength and durability. The sides are constructed with aluminum reinforced sides, for increased side protection. This versatile folding seat comes with energy absorbing EPS foam, and a soft padded cover for the comfort of your child. The narrow design of this seat makes it ideal for installing 3 across in the backseat of most vehicles. Read our complete review of the Diono RadianR100 Convertible Car Seat Evenflo Tribute 5 DLX Convertible Car Seat If you happen to be looking for a convertible car seat that provides safety and extra features without breaking the bank, you will find what you’re looking for with the Evenflo Tribute 5 DLX Convertible Car Seat. Additional safety is provided by the EPP Energy Absorbing foam liner. The five-point harness has multiple positions for adjusting to your growing child, and the upfront adjustment of the harness makes it even easier to get the proper fit. The structural integrity of this seat was designed and has been tested to withstand energy levels about 2 times the Federal crash standard. Depending on how fast your baby grows, you can provide extra safety by keeping your child rear facing from 5 to 35 pounds. Included is an infant pad for a better comfortable fit for your infant. All the pads are easily removed for washing. Read our complete review of the Evenflo Tribute 5 DLX Convertible Car Seat First Years True Fit Recline C650 Convertible Car Seat This car seat is packed with features and conveniences that make installation, comfort, and safety a priority. It does not have as high of weight ratings in the front or rear facing positions as other convertible car seats. The First Years True Fit Recline C650 Convertible Car Seat has a rear facing weight range of 5 to 35 pounds with the removable head rest, and up to 65 pounds for front facing installation, these weight limits will still give you many safe years of use. The padded and deep sides add to the safety of your child during a crash. The extra padding, no-thread adjustable 5-point harness and multi position buckle insure this seat will grow with your child. This seat has to have one of the easiest pad to remove, making cleaning up those baby messes a snap. The color coded belt paths insure the proper installation, which helped this seat earn the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s (NHTSA) 5 star rating for ease of use. ">read our complete review of the First Years True Fit Recline C650 Convertible Car Seat Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat Graco manufactures many of the products that we and several other families use on our babies. Their Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat is just one of their products that happen to receive very positive convertible car seat reviews from other parents. It might not be considered one of the best convertible car seats around, because Graco has left some of the features off that are only found on top of the line expensive seats. It is still a very well built seat, and you will get many years of use out of it. The lack of features means they are able to keep the cost down so it is affordable by more people. Graco did not skimp on safety though. It is certified for aircraft use, allowing you to take it where ever you go, and a rear facing weight range of 5 to 40 pounds means you can keep your baby rear facing for a long time, which is 5 times safer. ">Read our complete review of the Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car seat Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat Britax has been known for its focus on safety and convenience features that really impress parents and care givers. Many convertible car seat reviews feel that the Britax marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat is one of the safest on the market. I happen to agree with the majority of people about this seat. It is a heavy, well built seat that will provide you with many years of keeping your child safe. With a minimum weight rating of 5 pounds in the rear facing position, there is no need to purchase an infant car seat. When the child reaches 40 pounds, turn the seat to the front facing position, and your child will fit until they reach about 70 pounds. There are many other features that set this convertible car seat apart from others, like the no-rethread 5-point harness. It really is no surprise that many consider this to be one of the best convertible car seats on the market. Read our complete review of the Britax marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat Additional Convertible Car Seat Information Proper Angle for Rear Facing Convertible Car Seats Did you know there was a proper angle for installing your child convertible car seat rear facing? Well if not, you are not alone. Many people think you just put the seat in and install with either the LATCH or the cars seat belt. The angle at which the seat is installed is important for the comfort and safety of your baby. if the convertible car seat is up too straight, your childs head will flop forward more, especially if the child is an infant. If the seat is laying back to far, this causes fitment issues, and the legs can flop up towards the infants torso. the recommended range for the installation of your child convertible car seat is between 30 and 45 degrees. This range provides the best comfort and safety for your child. Most car seats have a indicator of some kind to let you know if the seat is within the right range or not. Some car seats have adjustable feet that fold down or move to place the car seat at the right angle in your car. In the manual for the Britax Marathon 70 , it is recommended to use a swim noodle or a rolled up towel to help get the right angle. the towel or swim noodle gets placed at the back of the seat, where the seat back and the seat bottom meet. This will help tilt the seat to the proper angle. If in doubt though, it is always good to check with the manufacturer of your child convertible car seat for the recommended installation angle, and what, if anything, can be used to support the car seat to adjust the installation angle. When installing the car seat, you may need to use a knee to put extra pressure down on the seat to compress the rolled up towel or swim noodle. It is very important to get the seat belt, or LATCH strap very tight. You want less than one inch of movement at the belt path. Five-Point Harness Chest Buckle You know, in my post about using the five-point harness in your child convertible car seat, I forgot to talk about the chest buckle. Proper placement of the buckle is important to keep your child in the seat in case of an accident. The chest buckle needs to be at armpit level when connected. The Buckle helps to position the shoulder straps over the child’s shoulders, and keep the straps from spread apart in an accident, allowing the child to be thrown forward and possibly out of the seat. The chest buckle on the five-point harness is usually the first one your child learns to disconnect on its own. For safety reasons, your child should be taught to leave this buckle alone immediately. One way we did this was if our child disconnected the buckle in their convertible car seat, we stopped the vehicle and turned off the engine. The car was not to start or go with anyone unbuckled. We were lucky and had to only do this a few times. Now the kids will actually start to throw a fit if the car is started and they think it might move before they are completely buckled in. Search Convertible Car Seat Reviews The First Years True Fit Recline C 650 Convertible Car Seat Review Evenflo Tribute 5 Convertible Car Seat Review Graco My ride 65 Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat Review Diono RadianR100 Convertible Car Seat Review Home About Us Articles Privacy policy Disclaimer Contact Sitemap Copyright 2013Child Convertible Car Seat 