  Home Models Inventory Innovation myAudi Search   Find a dealer  About Audi  Help  Careers  Disclaimer  Privacy policy  Interest based ads  Audi collection store  Search here. Find anything.  The Audi range The Audi range The Audi range  Sedans Starting at $33,800 View models Coupes Starting at $39,000 View models Convertibles Starting at $42,900 View models SUVs, crossovers, and wagons Starting at $37,300 View models Audi ownership Audi ownership Audi ownership myAudi Get on the fast track to choosing the right finance or lease options, viewing technology tutorials, exploring genuine Audi parts and accessories, finding the service you need and more. Explore myAudi Audi Financial Services Audi Financial Services makes financing and account management easy and convenient. Compare financing options Manage account Tutorial videos Demystify your Audi and discover all it can do. These easy-to-understand how-to videos can help you do everything from personalize your vehicle controls to set up Audi connect®. View all videos More from Audi More from Audi More from Audi Defining moments First, ignore the rulebook. For more than a hundred years we've stared adversity in the face. When they said it can't be any lighter, we defied them. When they said it can't go faster, we proved them wrong. Whenever they said it couldn't be done, we simply did it. This is the undying spirit at our core. This is Truth in Engineering. See Audi defining moments Audi Certified pre-owned Scrutiny is in the eye of the beholder. Once a vehicle passes our exacting inspection process, you'll find it pretty difficult to tell the difference between a new Audi and Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle. We're pretty sure you'll appreciate our fastidious nature. Explore Audi Certified pre-owned Audi connect® Drive smarter. Audi connect® with Google Earth is your guide to places of interest, travel information, weather reports and fuel prices. You can even send destinations from Audi connect® on your desktop straight to your car. Explore Audi connect® Find a dealer Performance is best experienced behind the wheel. Find your local dealer and discover the advantages of Audi engineering firsthand. Locate a dealer near you Contact us Need to reach customer support? Live help is available 24/7. Contact us AudiChat See more contact options  Explore Audi Find a dealer About Audi Help Careers Disclaimer Privacy policy Interest based ads Audi collection store Audi of America. All rights reserved. © Copyright 2013 [if lt IE 9]>