  StarNewsOnline Wilmington events Wilm On Film MyReporter StarNewsVarsity Beach Scene Mugshots Other publications Blogs Home Dining Movies & TV Music Theater Arts Nightlife Search   Sponsored Link StarNews Media Dining Shore Picks contest lets locals choose the best Our goal is to name the best bites, businesses, places and people in Brunswick, New Hanoverand more in Dining  Movies 'Under the Dome' recap - 'Let the Games Begin' The first rule of Dome Fight Club is you do not talk about Dome FightClub. more in Movies  Music Willie Nelson to return to Odell Williamson Auditorium Less than a year after his sold-out show at Odell Williamson Auditorium, Willie Nelson is readyto more in Music  Arts Free movie passes on Free Ticket Tuesday School starts back today, for those of you who are or have kids, which means that fall isright more in Arts  More stories 99 Little Shop closes summer season Opera House will bring its season of summer musicals to a close with the cult rockmusical Review - Low Tide's strength is sandwiches Low Tide Pub is located in a commercial development between Kerr Avenue and S. CollegeRoad Bites & Sips - Buzz about upcoming Ogden beer spot bubbling over It's been a busy couple weeks in Brunswick County with another pair of eateries to reporton Gallery Industry leaders to discuss business of music at Tuesday forum On Tuesday evening, the Cape Fear Economic Development Council will hold a forum  Tunes in Town, the Business of Music in the Cape FearRegion. 'Under the Dome' star enjoyed Port City charm It's been almost a month since Jolene Purdy left Wilmington, and she already misses theplace. Area movie, tv production notes for 08.23.13 Discover which TV series and movies are filming in Southeastern NorthCarolina Photos - Ogden Tap Room sneak peek Ogden Tap Room will feature 40 drafts on tap and a menu of New Orleans and lowcountry-inspiredcuisine. Photos - Sleepy Hollow films downtown The cast and crew of the FOX series Sleepy Hollow film a scene involving a SWAT team at the corner of Grace Street and N. 5thAvenue Your Photos NDN entertainment video Upcoming events Event: The Chase Brock Experience at Thalian Hall, Fri, Oct 25 8:00p Known for his 'candy bright' (The New Yorker), colorful, modern dance productions, Chase Brock will bring The Chase Brock Experience, a retrospective of his work, to the Thalian Hall main stage. At 29, Brock has already attracted attention for his choreography in Broadway's 'Spider-Man' andKnown for his 'candy bright' (The New Yorker), colorful, modern dance productions, Chase Brock will bring The Chase Brock Experience, a retrospective of his work, to the Thalian Hall main stage. At 29, Brock has already attracted attention for his choreography in Broadway's 'Spider-Man' and 'Picnic,nbsp\;'Picnic, Event: The Graduate: LA Theater Works at UNCW - Kenan Auditorium, Wed, Oct 30 7:00p Marking the 50th anniversary of the Charles Webb novel The Graduate, LA Theater Works"the foremost radio theater in the country"brings this coming of age story to life. A biting satire, the play centers on a recent college graduate who finds himself directionless in the shifting social andMarking the 50th anniversary of the Charles Webb novel The Graduate, LA Theater Works"the foremost radio theater in the country"brings this coming of age story to life. A biting satire, the play centers on a recent college graduate who finds himself directionless in the shifting social and sexualnbsp\;sexual Event: An Evening with Branford Marsalis at UNCW - Kenan Auditorium, Tue, Apr 8 8:00p One of the world's 'great musical sons' (The Miami Herald), Grammy-winning saxophonist Branford Marsalis has played with everyone from Miles Davis to Sting and the Grateful Dead. He's an NEA Jazz Master, a Tony Award nominee and former leader of Jay Leno's Tonight Show Band. Known for their masteryOne of the world's 'great musical sons' (The Miami Herald), Grammy-winning saxophonist Branford Marsalis has played with everyone from Miles Davis to Sting and the Grateful Dead. He's an NEA Jazz Master, a Tony Award nominee and former leader of Jay Leno's Tonight Show Band. Known for their mastery nbsp\; Event: The North Carolina Symphony presents the Music of John Williams at UNCW - Kenan Auditorium, Sat, Oct 12 7:30p Advance tickets available through the NC Symphony Box Office or the blue "Event website" link on the right. John Williams: Raiders March from Raiders of the Lost Ark; John Williams: Excerpts from Close Encounters of the Third Kind; John Williams: Hedwig's Theme and Harry's Wondrous World from HarryAdvance tickets available through the NC Symphony Box Office or the blue "Event website" link on the right. John Williams: Raiders March from Raiders of the Lost Ark; John Williams: Excerpts from Close Encounters of the Third Kind; John Williams: Hedwig's Theme and Harry's Wondrous World from Harry nbsp\;  Pop culture Gad: Lessons learned from Affleck as Batman chatter The decision won't end the world, but it could prompt more thoughtfulThe decision won't end the world, but it could prompt more thoughtful discussions.nbsp\;discussions. Miley Cyrus moves on with new racy photos After the VMAs, she went right into a Brooklyn studio to shoot a musicAfter the VMAs, she went right into a Brooklyn studio to shoot a music video.nbsp\;video. From ET: Billy Ray's tweet wasn't about Miley Billy Ray Cyrus tweeted about "world peace" after his daughter's VMABilly Ray Cyrus tweeted about "world peace" after his daughter's VMA performancenbsp\;performance New biopic casts its James Brown The star of '42' will tackle the role of the Godfather ofThe star of '42' will tackle the role of the Godfather of Soul.nbsp\;Soul.  The WAE FREE TICKET TUESDAY: Falling for movie passes Leave a comment with this post and you could win a pair of passes to Mayfaire 16 cinemas. #8230; Read MoreLeave a comment with this post and you could win a pair of passes to Mayfaire 16 cinemas. #8230; Read More »nbsp\;» Willie Nelson to return to Odell Williamson Auditorium Less than a year after his sold-out show at Odell Williamson Auditorium, Willie Nelson is ready to return.#8230; Read MoreLess than a year after his sold-out show at Odell Williamson Auditorium, Willie Nelson is ready to return.#8230; Read More »nbsp\;» Tedeschi Trucks Band releases album, to play ILM Sept. 29 Expect a grand show from this band late September on the heels of a solid new album.#8230; Read MoreExpect a grand show from this band late September on the heels of a solid new album.#8230; Read More »nbsp\;» Albums by bands to play ILM recently Variety of excellent albums by performers who have performed in the area recently.#8230; Read MoreVariety of excellent albums by performers who have performed in the area recently.#8230; Read More »nbsp\;» Port City Foodies Ogden Tap Room coming soon Since the beginning of the year, drivers along the northern end of Market St. have witnessed the rather dramatic transformation of the former Leon's Ogden Restaurant into the completely refreshed and entirely unrecognizable Ogden Tap Room. And we've been fielding questions about the locationSince the beginning of the year, drivers along the northern end of Market St. have witnessed the rather dramatic transformation of the former Leon's Ogden Restaurant into the completely refreshed and entirely unrecognizable Ogden Tap Room. And we've been fielding questions about the location atnbsp\;at The Greeks launch retail partnership Yanni Papanikolaou, dressed in a crisp new black and blue chef#8217;s uniform, sidles around his similarly-garbed father, who is manning the grills, past a tidy and counter-long row of Greek desserts on his way to the register. It#8217;s a busy midday service for the bustlingYanni Papanikolaou, dressed in a crisp new black and blue chef#8217;s uniform, sidles around his similarly-garbed father, who is manning the grills, past a tidy and counter-long row of Greek desserts on his way to the register. It#8217;s a busy midday service for the bustling lunchtimenbsp\;lunchtime Blue Marlin now serving seafood in Southport Beach-bound diners have their seafood options buoyed with the recent opening of The Blue Marlin Restaurant at 4419 Long Beach Rd. in Southport. The 200-seat space is familiar to many as the former Lucky Fisherman, but has sat vacant since the prior occupant's closing last season.#8230;Beach-bound diners have their seafood options buoyed with the recent opening of The Blue Marlin Restaurant at 4419 Long Beach Rd. in Southport. The 200-seat space is familiar to many as the former Lucky Fisherman, but has sat vacant since the prior occupant's closing last season.#8230; Readnbsp\;Read Plaza Mariachi to open in Southport Good news for fans of enchiladas, burritos and margaritas who've been forced to go without since the closing of Plaza Garibaldi in Southport earlier this year. #8230; Read MoreGood news for fans of enchiladas, burritos and margaritas who've been forced to go without since the closing of Plaza Garibaldi in Southport earlier this year. #8230; Read More »nbsp\;» We Love TV Hoffman, Hartnett and Green join Showtime pilots Philip Seymour Hoffman ('Capote') will star in and executive produce a new Showtime comedy pilot set to begin filming this fall. In 'Trending Down' Hoffman plays Thom Payne, a man facing obsolescence when his advertising agency is taken over. The show is pitched as a comedic look atPhilip Seymour Hoffman ('Capote') will star in and executive produce a new Showtime comedy pilot set to begin filming this fall. In 'Trending Down' Hoffman plays Thom Payne, a man facing obsolescence when his advertising agency is taken over. The show is pitched as a comedic look at America'snbsp\;America's Kathy Bates and Angela Bassett talk 'American Horror Story: Coven' Beverly Hills, Calif. | The model of FX's 'American Horror Story' franchise, which tells a self-contained story each season and lets actors play different roles season to season, is attractive to actors, two new cast members say. Veteran actresses Angela Bassett and Kathy Bates are among theBeverly Hills, Calif. | The model of FX's 'American Horror Story' franchise, which tells a self-contained story each season and lets actors play different roles season to season, is attractive to actors, two new cast members say. Veteran actresses Angela Bassett and Kathy Bates are among the newnbsp\;new Queen Latifah debuting new talk show: 'I'm not Oprah' Culver City, Calif. | Queen Latifah is bringing a new talk show to TV this fall. But don't call her the next Oprah. 'There is no such thing. Oprah is Oprah, and she's still being Oprah in case anyone hadn't noticed,' Latifah said. 'Obviously there are great things she accomplished and I'd loveCulver City, Calif. | Queen Latifah is bringing a new talk show to TV this fall. But don't call her the next Oprah. 'There is no such thing. Oprah is Oprah, and she's still being Oprah in case anyone hadn't noticed,' Latifah said. 'Obviously there are great things she accomplished and I'd love tonbsp\;to O'Malley wants to honor Montieth on 'Glee' Despite having a lead role in the upcoming NBC comedy 'Welcome to the Family,' actor Mike O'Malley hopes to return to 'Glee' this season, especially in light of the recent death of actor Cory Montieth. Montieth played the stepson of O'Malley's character of the Fox series.#8230; Read MoreDespite having a lead role in the upcoming NBC comedy 'Welcome to the Family,' actor Mike O'Malley hopes to return to 'Glee' this season, especially in light of the recent death of actor Cory Montieth. Montieth played the stepson of O'Malley's character of the Fox series.#8230; Read More »nbsp\;»  Most Read Most Emailed Most Recent Shore Picks contest lets locals choose the best Bites & Sips - Buzz about upcoming Ogden beer spot bubbling over Review - Low Tide's strength is sandwiches Photos - Video Music Awards Free movie passes on Free Ticket Tuesday Little Shop closes summer season 'Under the Dome' recap - 'Let the Games Begin' Free movie passes on Free Ticket Tuesday Photos - Video Music Awards Photos | Your Photos New Hanover first day of school 'Wilmington Uncovered' with Beverly Tetterton Trask at North Brunswick soccer Adoptable pets for September 2013 Pender County Weekly Report 8/19/2013 - 8/25/2013 First day of school Events Calendar More Events Submit Event 27 Tue 28 Wed 29 Thu 30 Fri 31 Sat Things to do Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Video More videos Local music videos By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. Find Local Businesses Keyword(s): Location: Popular Searches Apartments in Wilmington Attorneys in Wilmington Auto Dealers in Wilmington Auto Parts in Wilmington Auto Repair in Wilmington Beauty Salons in Wilmington Car Rental in Wilmington Dentists in Wilmington Doctors in Wilmington Flowers in Wilmington Hotels in Wilmington Insurance in Wilmington Loans in Wilmington Mortgages in Wilmington Movers in Wilmington Pizza in Wilmington Realtors in Wilmington Restaurants in Wilmington Storage in Wilmington Tax Preparation in Wilmington Travel in Wilmington Featured More... Powered by Local.com  Site Index Home Dining Movies & TV Music Theater Arts Nightlife Network StarNewsOnline Wilmington events Wilm On Film MyReporter StarNewsVarsity Beach Scene Mugshots Other publications Blogs Recent Galleries New Hanover first day of school Trask at North Brunswick soccer Pender County Weekly Report 8/19/2013 - 8/25/2013 First day of school Adoptable pets for September 2013 Women Organizing for Wilmington VMAs red carpet 2013 MTV Video Music Awards 2013  Copyright  StarNewsOnline.com  All rights reserved. Restricted use only. 