 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Flickr More omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile  Yahoo! Movies  Search Movies Search Web  Sign In  Mail Go to Mail." data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'> Help  Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo!  Home Yahoo! Originals Showtimes In Theaters Coming Soon Box Office Trailers  Movie News and Rumors - Yahoo! Movies  All Movies News Y! Movies Originals Video Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance: Breaking Bads Hank and Marie Schrader Are Disgusted (Video) As if finding out your brother-in-law was a meth dealing kingpin wasnt bad enough, Hank and Marie Schrader were forced to watch Miley Cyrus give Alan Thickes son a lap dance. The Wrap Like Remove 007 to crack wise in Skyfall sequel The next episode of the James Bond saga will mark the return of the ironic tone that was the hallmark of the original films, Daniel Craig told New York Magazines culture website Vulture.com. AFP Relax News Like Remove Orange is the New Black - A New Netflix Original From the creator of Weeds comes a heartbreaking and hilarious new series set in a womens prison. Sign up Today to watch all 13 episodes! AdChoices Netflix Sponsored The Batman Choice Is Unpopular, But What About Lex Luthor? With the Affleck/Batman frenzy still in full force, Bryan Cranston looks poised to take the role of Lex Luthor. And Matt Damon looms as well. Wall St. Cheat Sheet Like Remove Jeff Daniels Tells Jay Leno About Leaving His Wife at a Truck Stop (Video) The Newsroom star Jeff Daniels faced down an old accusation on The Tonight Show Monday: Yes, he admitted, he once forgot his wife at a truck stop. The Wrap Like Remove Play The Grandmaster: The Man Who Trained Bruce Lee Director Wong Kar Wais love letter to Ip Man is a kung fu movie for a new generation. ABC News Videos Like Remove Perez Hilton Beats MTVs 16 and Pregnant Star in Court The blogger was sued for libel after reporting that a reality TV star may have been involved in the murder of her late fiancé. The Hollywood Reporter Like Remove Time Warner Cable Launches Xbox Live App on Xbox 360 Time Warner Cable has launched its first app on Microsoft’s Xbox 360, making it the latest major cable provider to embrace the videogame console as another platform to offer up its lineup of channels to pay-TV subscribers. The cabler announced plans to create an app for the Xbox 360 in June. But… Variety Like Remove Boston Red Sox, L.A. Dodgers Owners Could Be Interested in Buying L.A. Times (Reports) Batter up! The Koch brothers may no longer be contenders to buy the Los Angeles Times, but that doesnt mean the Tribune-owner newspaper is short of suitors. Now it seems to have caught the eye of the owners of the Boston Red Sox and the LA Dodgers. The Wrap Like Remove Selena Gomez, Ethan Hawke in ‘Stuntman’s Dream Come True’ The need for speed dominated the Aug. 26 premiere of Warner Bros. ”Getaway” with a black Shelby Cobra parked outside the Regency in Westwood Village. “What is more American than a Shelby Cobra?” mused director Courtney Solomon during the post-screening bash at the W Hotel. ”For me, it was no… Variety Like Remove MTV VMAs: Lady Gaga Goes on a Booing Rant to One Direction (Video) Booing was the subject at hand when Lady Gaga One Direction paid a surprise visit to One Direction backstage at the MTV VMAs Sunday night. The Wrap Like Remove Bob Woodwards Deep Throat Garage May Be Torn Down The garage where Deep Throat helped Bob Woodward break news about the Nixon administrations involvement in the Watergate break-in and cover-up has a date with the wrecking ball. The Wrap Like Remove Leo on Sex Scenes & Debauchery in New Film Leonardo DiCaprio teams up with Martin Scorsese in the upcoming black comedy The Wolf of Wall Street and Leo is opening up about some of the films graphic sex scenes. ET Online Like Remove Little Couple Preview: The Great Naptime Wars (Exclusive Video) Up until now on TLCs The Little Couple, Jen Arnold and Bill Klein have handled new adopted son, Will, together. But, what happens once Jen must return to work? The Wrap Like Remove The Worlds End ... Stepford Men ... Ekk! At first I thought maybe, just maybe, The Worlds End would be an English version of The Hangover. But as it progressed, it became evident that this was an English version of The Stepford Wives in drag. The Wrap Like Remove Top-10 Credit Cards for Excellent Credit For people with excellent credit. Compare exclusive offers side-by-side and apply online for the card that is right for you. AdChoices CreditCards.com Sponsored The Butler tops box office with $16.5 million NEW YORK (AP) — Despite three new releases, the period drama Lee Daniels The Butler and the road trip comedy Were the Millers stayed atop the box office. Associated Press Like Remove 8 of Fall TVs Biggest Questions: Can NBC Reclaim Thursdays? Will Robin Williams Deliver a Hit? This is a rebuilding season for broadcast television. The Wrap Like Remove Aussie Stef Dawson Cast In ‘Mockingjay’ Pics, Ken Howard Joins Kevin Hart Comedy Stef Dawson has joined the cast of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Parts 1 and 2. She will play Annie Cresta, the love interest of Finnick (Sam Claflin). The Australia native is known for her Aussie TV work and indie films including the recent thriller Wrath. Dawson is repped in the U.S. by Armada… Deadline.com Like Remove View One Direction Fandemonium Photo Gallery (16 photos) Fans share their #1D devotion at the New York City premiere of One Direction: This Is Us Visit Yahoo! Movies to check out all the red carpet action from the One Direction: This Is Us premieres in London and New York. Like Remove Madonna top-earning celebrity, trumping Spielberg, Winfrey: Forbes NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shes still the Material Girl. Pop diva Madonna 55, is the worlds top-earning celebrity, according to a Forbes list released on Monday, raking in an estimated $125 million in the past year, mainly from her $305 million-grossing MDNA tour, but helped by sales of clothing,… Reuters Like Remove Young Hitler meets a new Mercedes in film students’ provocative stunt This 80-second film from three German film students poses an important question: If you owned a high-end Mercedes sedan, would you take it back in time so you could run over Young Adolf Hitler? Understandably, Mercedes isnt impressed. The students — Tobia Haase, Jan Mettler, and Lydia Lohse at the… Motoramic Like Remove Load more stories  Latest Trailers and Clips  . 'Divergent' First Look Trailer  . 'Runner Runner' Exclusive Clip:  . 'CBGB' Theatrical Trailer  . 'The Book Thief' Theatrical Tr  Show More Videos Featured Photos . 'One Direction: This Is Us' London Premiere . Samuel L. Jackson's Wildest Movie Looks . 'The World's End' Premiere . Amy Poehler and Aubrey Plaza: A Love Story  Show More Photos   Copyright © 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.  | Yahoo! Movies | Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy   