  egmCarTech HOME REVIEWS AUTO SHOWS SPORTS CARS GREEN POLLS VIDEOS ADVERTISE Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe Le Mans Edition by Exotic Auto Restoration Posted: May 12, 2009   Email 2 Comments Exotic Auto Restoration is offering a package to enhance the exterior and interior on one of the most iconic American cars  the 1965 Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe. Designed by Peter Brock, Exotic Auto Restorations is giving enthusiasts the chance to bring all the good looks of the Le Mans to their own driveway with a little more power. The package includes new fender flares on the front and rear, 18-inch wheels, heavy duty Bilstein shocks and HR springs, alcantera suede seats with Le Mans Edition embroidery, Le Mans Edition gauges with 200 mph speedometer and more. Power for the Daytona Coupe Le Mans pictured above comes from a Roush 402R V8 producing 530-hp with a peak torque of 515 lb-ft mated to a Termec T56 6-speed transmission. Exotic Auto Restorations is also offering a track-oriented version powered by Shelby 351 V8 stroked to 427ci. Output for the track-oriented model comes in at 560-hp with a maximum torque of 530 lb-ft. Click through for more details and the high-res photos . Exotic Auto Restoration  Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe Le Mans Edition :     Press Release : The Daytona Coupe Le Mans Edition by Exotic Auto Restoration  the spirit of Le Mans in your driveway In 1964, Shelby took the motorsports world by storm with the Daytona Coupe. With a revolutionary design by Peter Brock, the car was capable of reaching an incredible 187 mph on the Mulsanne Straight at Le Mans. In 1965, the Daytona Coupe became the first and only American car to win the FIA GT World Championship, cementing its legacy in motorsports history. Now Exotic Auto Restoration of Costa Mesa, CA is allowing car enthusiasts to bring the legend of Le Mans to their own driveway. Based on the Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe built by Superformance and also designed by Peter Brock, the Le Mans Edition has been upgraded in the spirit of the original racecar. To enhance both the looks and performance of the Daytona Coupe, Exotic Auto Restoration has designed new body and interior components that blend seamlessly with the rest of the car. I wanted to give the car a wider, more aggressive stance as well as the capability of turning better lap times, explains George Cunha, owner of Exotic Auto Restoration. Named for the Le Mans 24 Hour race that the Daytona Coupe won in 1965, this package includes the following: - Group 5 fender flares front and rear - Wider 18-inch wheels and tires - Heavy duty Bilstein shocks and HR springs - Functional billet aluminum top and side hood louvers - Reclinable Alcantera suede seats with Le Mans Edition embroidery - Brushed billet aluminum dashboard with aircraft-style toggle switches - Le Mans Edition gauges with 200 mph speedometer and 10k rpm tachometer - Suede Momo racing steering wheel Customers can choose from a variety of motors based on the Ford 351 Windsor block. Powering this particular Daytona Coupe Le Mans is a Roush 402R V8 producing 530 horsepower and 515 lb-ft torque mated to a Tremec T56 6-speed transmission. In addition, a track-oriented version is also available. Only six will be built (two have been pre-sold, leaving four available) in this configuration to commemorate the six original racecars, each featuring an authentic Shelby-built V8. Adding to the standard Le Mans Edition components, this package includes the following: - 6-point roll cage - Lightweight wheels with 2.5-inch locking nut - 14-inch, 6-piston brakes front, 13-inch, 6-piston brakes rear - Carbon fiber front splitter and rear diffuser - A/C delete - Carpet delete - Full race seats with 6-point harnesses - Quick-release steering wheel - Dash-mounted programmable ignition module - Dash-mounted brake bias controls - Shelby aluminum block 351 V8 bored and stroked to 427ci - 560 horsepower and 530 lb-ft torque - Tremec TKO-600 transmission - Full dry sump lubrication system The Daytona Coupe Le Mans Edition can be seen in person at the Pasadena Art Center Car Classic on Sunday, July 19. For additional information on the Daytona Coupe Le Mans Edition, contact Exotic Auto Restorations at 714-979-7100, on the web at www.carsbyexotic.com or by email at exoticauto@sbcglobal.net - By: Omar Rana Source: Exotic Auto Restoration (via AutoBlog) Share | Email Print |  Tags: 1965 Shelby Daytona Cobra Coupe , Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe Le Mans Edition Subscribe  Connect Connect with us on any of our social profiles below. Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates.  omg that is a serious gorgeous looking car omg that is a serious gorgeous looking car  Search for: Connect with egmCarTech follow @egmCarTech  Comments egmCarTech Copyright  2013. All Rights Reserved.  