 DMV.org About Our Company Advertise at DMV.org Facebook Twitter Search  Choose State  Home License & ID Drivers License Applying for a License (Adult) Renewing Your License Replacing a Lost License Suspended License Driving Records Car Insurance Coverage New Drivers Drivers Permits Drivers Training Applying for a License (Teen) License Prep Course Driver Handbook Study Guides Education & Training Drivers Ed Practice Tests Drivers Training Commercial Driver Education Traffic Schools Additional Resources Address  Name Change Forms  Publications Identification Cards DMV Office Finder Passport Application  Renewal Safety  Driving Voter Registration Related Articles Our Blog Motorcycle Riders International Driver Permits Commercial Drivers Military Drivers New to Your State Registration  Titling Vehicle Registration Register Car Registration Renewal Registration  Insurance Replacing a Lost Registration License Plates  Placards Vehicle Titling Title Transfers Replacing a Lost Title Salvaged Title Bill of Sale Vehicle Donation Special Vehicles Motorcycle Registration RV  Motorhome Registration Boat Registration and Licenses Custom Built Car Registration Special Vehicles Additional Resources Address  Name Change Forms  Publications Handicapped Placard DMV Office Finder Smog  Emission Checks Related Articles Our Blog Used Car Buyers Guide Selling Your Car Vehicle History Reports New Car Buyers Guide Reports  Records Driving Records Check Your Driving Record Motor Vehicle Report DMV Point System Suspended License Impact on Insurance Rates Vehicle History Run a Vehicle History Report Decode the VIN Why Run a VHR Motorcycle VIN Check RV VIN Check Vital Records Birth Certificates Vital Records Marriage Records Death Records Divorce Records Additional Resources Forms  Publications DMV Office Finder Recalls Suspended License Warrants Related Articles Our Blog Background Checks Public Records Criminal Records Credit Reports Tickets  Violations Traffic Tickets Pay Your Traffic Ticket Lost Traffic Ticket Traffic Ticket Attorneys Fines & Penalties How Tickets Impact Insurance DUI & DWI DUI Attorneys Alcohol  Drugs Awareness SR-22 Insurance DWI Attorneys Accident Guide When An Accident Happens Filing an Accident Report Filing an Insurance Claim Personal Injury Attorneys How Accidents Impact Insurance Additional Resources Car Insurance Driving Records Forms  Publications DMV Office Finder Safety  Driving Related Articles Our Blog DMV Point System Traffic Schools Laws  Attorneys Suspended License Defensive Driving Insurance Shop Insurance Online Car Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Commercial Auto Insurance RV Insurance Sport Vehicle Insurance Trailer Insurance Insurance Learning Center State Insurance Requirements Auto Insurance Center Commercial Auto Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Insurance Policy Basics Insurance Claims Related Articles Get a Free Car Insurance Quote Compare quotes from multiple insurance companies. Car Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Commerical Auto Insurance ATV Insurance Boat Insurance RV Insurance Trailer Insurance  Buying  Selling Used Car Buyers Guide Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Paperwork When Buying a Car Used Car Taxes and Fees Used Car Inspection Used Car Work Sheet Used Car Vehicle History Report New Car Buyers Guide Auto Loans Buying Online or at the Dealership How to Read a Window Sticker Leasing vs. Buying New Car Taxes and Fees Lemon Law Selling Your Car Bill of Sale Form Paperwork When Selling a Car Release of Liability Donate Your Car Selling Your Car Locally Selling Your Car Online Additional Resources Buying and Selling FAQs Equipment  Technology Forms  Publications State Regulations DMV Office Finder Related Articles Our Blog Auto Warranty Vehicle History Reports Auto Dealers Tax and Tags Calculator Buying  Selling Used Car Buyers Guide Guide to Buying a Used Car Buying a Car Online Dealer Versus Private Party Purchases Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Test Drive a Used Car Lemon Law Avoiding Flood Damaged Cars Used Car Vehicle History Report Used Car Taxes and Fees Paperwork When Buying a Car Used Car Work Sheet Used Car Inspection Used Car VIN Check Bill of Sale New Car Buyers Guide Selling Your Car Bill of Sale Form VIN Record History Auto Warranty Auto Loans Dealers  Auto Industry Equipment  Technology Learning Ctr. State Regulations Buying and Selling FAQs Tax and Tags Calculator Automotive Forums Auto Repair and Service Lemon Law Car Insurance Rating Factors and Your New Car Search DMV.ORG Find information on licenses, registration, records, and more. Home Buying  Selling Used Car Buyers Guide Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Get detailed VIN History Report in 3 Easy Steps 1. Start a Search: Page Overview What is a CPO Vehicle? What Pre-Owned Programs are Best? What You'll Get With a CPO Vehicle Should You Buy a CPO Vehicle? Did you know there are more used cars on the market today than ever? And, that the general quality level of these cars is higher, too? That’s due to a few factors, including the popularity of leased cars. So, when you combine the amount of used cars available with the overall improved condition of these cars, plenty of outstanding values abound, just waiting for you to find them. But, many buyers hesitate to consider the used car market because of its dubious past, and the fear of dealing with the unknown. Certified pre-owned (CPO) programs address many of these concerns, and present a sound option for many car buyers. What is a CPO Vehicle? These cars have been inspected and repaired by a mechanic and given some sort of guarantee or warranty. The quality of the inspections, repairs, and warranties varies widely. Inspections differ in the number of aspects that are checked. Repairs vary as to what gets fixed and to what extent. (Some programs offer “reconditioning” which brings the car back to “like new” status, while others don’t promise this.) Warranties differ due to who is backing them―the dealer or the manufacturer―and the terms of the guarantee. What Pre-Owned Programs are Best? Most industry experts favor factory-based CPO vehicles. Generally, these vehicles face more stringent standards, and undergo more thorough inspections and repairs. Because the warranty is backed by the manufacturer, you typically have a much wider selection of repair locations than with dealer-backed warranties. And, unlike most dealer warranties, you don’t have to buy the warranty. What You'll Get With a CPO Vehicle Almost all CPO programs mention how many “points” or aspects of the vehicle they check. While a 150-point inspection may sound more thorough than a 300-point check-up, don’t be misled. Many of these inspections cover the same things; it’s just that the inspection points are calculated differently. The best way to judge the comprehensiveness of an inspection is simply to ask exactly what is being reviewed, and compare your findings with other programs. Warranties vary wildly in terms of what they cover, the length of coverage, and the cost to you. Protection can run from a single year to several, and the mileage allowance differs greatly, too. Some warranties only cover the powertrain, while others are bumper-to-bumper. Deductibles range from nothing to a few hundred dollars. Also, many warranties begin after the car’s original warranty expires. Quite a few pre-owned autos come with nice extras, like a free vehicle history report and 24/7 roadside assistance. Should You Buy a CPO Vehicle? Pre-owned programs make a lot of sense for most people. They offer cars that have already been inspected and repaired, and come with an additional warranty that can protect you from major repair bills―at least for a length of time. They also provide a peace of mind and convenience generally not found when simply buying any used car off a lot or from a private seller. And, if you decide to sell the car, the certified/warranty aspect can facilitate the sale. However, cars backed with CPO programs tend to have higher price tags. You’ll generally pay around $400 more for this option with lower-end vehicles, and an additional $3,000 or so with luxury vehicles. Additionally, your mechanic could simply inspect a non-certified car and, if repairs are needed, you could use these findings to negotiate a lower purchase price. Then, if you prefer, you could buy an extended warranty from the dealer or a third-party provider, and essentially build your owned certified program. Other Topics in This Section Guide to Buying a Used Car Buying a Car Online Dealer Versus Private Party Purchases Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Test Drive a Used Car Lemon Law Avoiding Flood Damaged Cars Used Car Vehicle History Report Used Car Taxes and Fees Paperwork When Buying a Car Used Car Work Sheet Used Car Inspection Used Car VIN Check Bill of Sale [if IE]>$(document).ready(function(){$("#fdb a").css({opacity:.7}).hover(function(){$(this).stop().css({opacity:.7,bottom:'-5px'})},function(){$(this).stop().css({opacity:.7,bottom:'-5px'})})})#fdb {bottom: -38px; right: -39px} #fdb a {bottom: -5px;}