 Fox News Digital Network Fox News Fox Business uReport Fox News Radio Fox News Latino Fox Nation Fox News Insider Login Account You're logged in as Profile Logout Search Site Listen to Fox News Radio Live  On Air Now  On Air Personalities  Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports On Air Previous Slide Next Slide  Lifestyle Home Auto Food & Drink Real Estate Recipes Wine with Me Honda working on new convertible sports car By Viknesh Vijayenthiran Published September 21, 2012 High Gear Media EV-STER Honda In a speech addressing his company’s future plans, Honda CEO Takanobu Ito has confirmed development of a new open-top sports car. Ito said the new model will have a focus on “strong vehicles dynamics” and that it will go on sale in Japan in 2014. There have been rumblings that Honda was planning a new sports car, including a report that a successor to the S2000 was being looked at. However, it is a comment made by Ito stating that the new sports car will be one of six new “mini-vehicle” models that are leading us to believe it will more likely be a production version of 2011’s EV-STER concept . At the launch of the EV-STER at the 2011 Tokyo Motor Show, Ito revealed that a small roadster with a similar design to the EV-STER could be launched in the near future, though instead of solely packing an all-electric drivetrain like the concept the production version would likely adopt a gasoline drivetrain as standard. Ito pointed out during his latest speech that gasoline-powered vehicles remain the most widely used in the world, so development of internal combustion engines at Honda will continue. The question now remains, will Honda revive the CRX badge for its new roadster? Note, the new open-top sports car wasn’t the only performance model Ito announced during his speech. He also revealed that a new-generation of the Civic Type R based on the European Civic hatchback would be developed. The new car, which we’ve already seen prototypes of , will feature technologies developed by Honda from competing in the World Touring Car Championship this year. One of its design goals will be to be the fastest front-wheel drive vehicle around the Nürburgring. The current record stands at 8:07.97, which was set in 2011 by the Renault Megane RS Trophy . Sales of the new Civic Type R in Europe should start sometime in 2015. Print Email Share Comments Recommend Tweet Share This Article View Article Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. You must login to comment. View Article  Advertisement LATEST LIFESTYLE VIDEOS  Don't wash your raw chicken  Consumer confidence increases slightly in August More Lifestyle Videos  Trending in Lifestyle 1 Which states drink the most (and least) beer? 2 Google's robo-taxi plan 3 Burger King to offer 'French Fry Burger' for $1 4 Researchers say you shouldn't wash your chicken 5 New York alcohol regulators ban New Jersey wine retailer from selling in state  See all trends  sbc More   Teens Turn Homework Chore Into Business Success Small-Business Credit Conditions Improve 7 Easy Ways to Improve Your Business Advertisement Also on the web  Go Topless with the Top 10 Convertibles Top 10 Aphrodisiacs -- Romantic Foods that Rev Libidos Cool Down With the Best Iced Teas Around The Best Bourbons You Can Buy... And Should! The Country's Best Burgers  From Fish Pedicures to Snow Rooms: Crazy Spa Services Norway Travel: 10 Attractions You Won’t Want To Miss The Best All-Inclusive Resorts in Riviera Maya, Mexico Hotel Homes: 9 Historic Castles, Mansions, and Estates Where You Can Stay A Hotel Room with a View: The 9 Most Jaw-Dropping Outlooks Around the World  40 Simple Shortcut Recipes 45 Speedy, Savory Soups and Stews 12 Surprising Sandwiches The Best Mac and Cheese 25 Decadent Holiday Desserts  Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather Shows America Live America's News HQ America's Newsroom Cavuto Fox Files Fox News Sunday Fox  Friends First Fox  Friends Fox  Friends Weekend Fox News Watch Fox Report Geraldo at Large Greta Hannity  Happening Now Huckabee Justice with Judge Jeanine Red Eye w/ Gutfeld Special Report Specials Studio B The Cost of Freedom The Five The Journal Editorial Report The O' Reilly Factor War Stories Tools Live Video Trending uReport Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps  Downloads About Careers Internships - FNCU Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters  This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.2013 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. 