 Home Services Testimonials Your Feedback Contact Us Receive Fair Market Value For Your Car Fully Licensed Tow Drivers. Same Day Pickup All Makes – All Models Registered With IAA Auto Auctions I started out in the automobile business in 1973, first as a buyer who purchased thousands of cars over the years wholesale for re-wholesale. Everyone in my family was associated with the automobile business in some way and in 1986 I started my own wholesale business. In June of 2008, I started buying used, junk cars nationwide and enjoyed the action. Now I am starting my own company to buy used cars and to help you with your junk car removal and Selling a Junk Car , I am making my business available online. I am buying used cars online . If you are selling a junk car , selling a used car or need junk car removal , call me today. I find it extremely interesting dealing with people from all over the country and I honestly believe that junk car removal and Selling a Junk Car , will help to clean our environment faster. Buying used cars can also help clean our environment by recycling them. Everyone is focusing on being 'green' today and it may very well be the most important thing that we as individuals can do. I also believe that with my extensive knowledge of the wholesale car market, I will be able to give people more money for their cars, letting them do their share to help the environment. I find this kind of work both exciting and rewarding. So remember, if you want to sell an old car, Selling a Junk Car or need any kind or car removal call me today. You probably have a car that's not in use or doesn't run that well. It would do you no good to keep a car like that around so you might as well make some money off of it by Selling a Junk Car Selling a junk car has never been easier. We specialize in junk car removal, and you get cash for it. Sell my junk car for cash is what people are saying. Junkyourcartoday.com Testimonial USE THIS COMPANY!!! I had no idea how to junk a car . So I went on the web, found some companies and began doing my homework. After comparing various offers and the professionalism of the people I was dealing with, going with Junk Your Car Today was absolutely the only choice for me. They offered me top dollar for my car, coordinated the towing and title transfer with the auction house, and kept me informed along the way. After my experience with Junk Your Car Today I understand why this company has the fine reputation it does! S. Duffy Read all testimonials Home | Services | Testimonials | Your Feedback | Free Estimate Domain name registration and web design by register.com 