   How To » Hobbies » Arts & Entertainment Arts  Entertainment If you’re interested in the arts and entertainment, we have you covered from conventional questions such as how to read sheet music to the more unusual topics, such as how to get noticed and have a chance at a spot on a reality television show. Our site features literally hundreds of articles; they cover a wide range of themes – everything from theater arts to dance, writing and music.  Popular Content  Share iPod Music with Another Computer: Share Music for Free How To Write a Personal Profile How To Write Wedding Thank You Cards How To Become a Voice Actor How To Read Musical Notes: Advice for all Musical Instruments How To Pop-Lock: Arm Wave and Dance Instruction How To Draw a Tree: Learning to Draw Become an Actress: Classes, Agents, Networking, and Auditioning How To Read Sheet Music How To Draw Hair How To Breakdance: Windmill Learn to Paint Flames: Tips for Painting Flames How To Paint Water for Oil, Acrylic and Watercolor Paintings Becoming an Actor: Acting Jobs, Careers and Agents Learn to Play the Piano and Keyboard How To Draw Faces Learning Guitar Chords: Follow These Basic Guitar Instructions How To Learn Ballet Dancing: Moves, Steps and Technique How To Hula Dance How To Make Stage Props Writing Tips for Editorials and Persuasive Article Writing How To Write a Letter of Intent: Template, Example Learn How To Slow Dance: Slow Dancing Instructions How To Analyze a Movie  Our authors have extensive knowledge about their individual topics and are more than willing to share their expertise on popular topics such as comedy, creating caricatures, enrolling in music school and more. In this section, you’ll find information that’s geared toward everyone – we have articles here for the novice playwright and for the experienced cartoonist. Our site is user-friendly and easily accessible, and the articles are fun and educational. You never know when you will need to critique a drama film or when the skills of making a techno song with your own beat will come in handy; but if you need this information, you can easily find it here! Before you know it you might even need an intervention from all the addictive fun our site has to offer. More Arts  Entertainment Articles How To Write a Novel Step by Step: Develop Fictional Characters I heard that Ellery Queen sat on his porch in Florida and wrote out his novel by hand in a notebook. Off it went to the publisher. I heard that Earl Stanley Gardner... How To Record a Vocal Track Playback on a 4 Track A four-track, also known as a multi-track, is used to record music through separate and discrete sound sources. Later on, these discrete sound sources will be... How To Create a Grocery List People, especially mothers, go to the grocery store for food supplies on a regular basis. The common problem amongst those that do the marketing is either they tend to... How To Sing Better Many people think that singing only involves the vocal chords. However, in singing, the muscles of the whole body get utilized one way or another. It is important to... How To Teach Arm Positions in Ballet First developed during the Renaissance, ballet has evolved through the centuries into a graceful art that is being taught to countless girls around the world. There... How To Teach Children to Stretch and Prepare to Sing Like adults, children need to do some stretching to prep their muscles for singing. Although it will seem like a game to them, stretching actually eases the tension in... How To Write a Matron of Honor Speech A matron of honor has more experience in married life compared to the bride, and her toast should reflect this fact. Part accolade, part blessing and part advice, your... How To Take Manga Drawing Lessons Japanese anime drawing or Manga is one of the most copied types of drawing skills in the world. Most kids aspire to know how to draw the characters they see on print... How To Write a Travel Journal Writing a travel journal is a fun way to document your travel details, making it easy for you to share your tips and travel costs with your friends. How many times... How To Write a Story in the 1st Person Some of the most interesting pieces of literature are first person narratives that can be autobiographical or completely fiction. For some reason, stories shared by... How To Write a Step Outline for your Script Step outlines are the basis of a screenplay for most movies. This includes how you want the scene to be done, along with notes on the movement of the actor, background... How To Write a Suspense Novel Suspense novels are probably one of the hardest genres to write. Aside from having to come up with a great story line, you also have the task of building up your... How To Write a Subplot in a Tween Book Stories are made more dramatic by their subplots. Not only does this give it a more realistic feel, it also adds to the impact, events, and characters that the readers... How To Write a Sitcom Script Gone are the days when sitcoms ruled primetime television spots. These days, primetime spots are populated with reality shows and drama series. Although there are... How To Write a Rough Draft The rough draft is often associated to writing an academic paper such as book report, a term paper, or a thesis. However, it can be used by writers when trying to pen... How To Write a Romance Novel For a man, a romance novel is boring and quite cheesy. But, for a woman, a great romance novel can make them sob and cry, relating the story to their own lives. And,... How To Solder Brass Instruments You may find yourself a stranger to musical instruments when you do not have any idea how to play them. However, you can repair them even if you are not familiar with... How To Write a Letter of Permission A letter of permission is very useful especially if you have children or ward below the age of majority. The letter of permission can be used for activities that need... How To Write a Letter of Intent for a Scholarship Getting to college can be very difficult for a lot of people, especially because college is a very expensive affair that will entail not just tuition money, but also... How To Write a Jury Duty Excuse Letter Courts in the United States convene juries during trials. A jury in court proceedings is composed of several people who deliberate on a specific case. Its members... How To Write a Harassment Report Complaint Form Have you experienced being harassed by a co-worker or even your boss? If so, then you should know that these incidents should never be swept under the rug. Not... How To Write a One-Hour TV Script Welcome to the glamorous world of scriptwriting! Of course, you probably already know that along with the thrill and fascination that this profession holds, it also... How To Write a Cover Page in APA Style APA stands for American Psychological Association and is a style that was first introduced in 1929. It is a style that is strictly followed when you are asked to write... How To Solder Wire Sculptures Contemporary sculptors and artists continue to be resourceful as they look for unconventional items that can be turned into art. Popular 3D art are usually made of... How To Succeed at a Singing Audition If you want to sing professionally, you will need to handle singing auditions well. Singing auditions, however, can be very nerve-wracking especially since getting the... How To Write a Funny Script “What is this? A center for ants? How can we be expected to teach children to learn how to read... if they can't even fit inside the building? The building has to be... How To Write an MLA Report In order to create a standard on publishing, the Modern Language Association of America, introduced the MLA style in order to provide guidelines in writing and... How To Write a Catholic Wedding Program Having a wedding program is important especially in a Catholic wedding. It will give your guests an idea of what is going on especially if they are not accustomed to... How To Submit a Childrens Book to Random House Publishing If you are an aspiring writer for children’s books, one of your ultimate goals is likely to have your manuscript for publication. And Random House Publishing, with... How To Store Old Records People get nostalgic when listening to old records. They recall the days when life was much simpler and more laidback. This is why even with the surge of digital music... How To Slow Dance with a Girl Many young boys don’t take the time to learn the basics of slow dancing. Most of them go to their proms thinking they can just wing it when a love song begins... How To Write a Documentary A documentary is meant to show life in the raw…no sugar coating, no puppies and rainbows. Documentaries can shed light on important issues, causes, events,... How To Write a Diversity Training Proposal You can now find people of different citizenships, religions, cultures and lifestyles in all types of organizations. As such, there is a need for people involved in... How To Use Powder Coating The finishing determines the aesthetics of any painting project. There are many kinds of painting finishing, and powder coating is one of them. Powder coating is a... How To Write a Good Newspaper Article The morning newspaper to some, if not all, is a piece of literature that is read on auto pilot. It is like the daily road traffic update that one only hears when the... How To Strum a Guitar without a Pick If you are a keen observer of concerts, you will notice that it is quite rare that you see a performer using a pick when playing the guitar. It is more often seen in... How To Submit a Child to Modeling Agents Your child’s cheeks may have developed muscles because of all the pinching she has to endure from her admirers. You may have been resigned to your child’s fate due... How To Submit an Illustration to a Magazine If you’re an artist, one of the best ways to get extra income plus added recognition (always a great boost to the resume) is to submit your work to magazines. Here... How To Use Quotes in Speeches and Presentations Everybody does “it” so why shouldn’t you? What’s “it?” Well, “quotes.” Specifically quotes from famous or well-respected personalities to drum up... How To Use the Nasal Cavity when Singing Singing is both a talent and a skill. The reason for this is because even the most talented singers need to learn how to modulate and control their singing voice.... How To Write a Novel in 60 Days If you’ve always dreamed about writing a novel, well, why not start now? At least this is one life aspiration that you could finally accomplish, and it will always... How To Write a Folk Song: Song Structure There are a lot of kinds of music that hits the airwaves nowadays and among the many types that gain popularity are the folk songs. While there are those who believe... How To Use Puff Paint It’s not a brand name it’s what it says it is! Puff paints are literally paints that puff up in three-dimensional designs, too! It’s like having your designs... How To Use Rhythm Techniques in Tap Dance Tap dance has become a popular form of dance that originated in America. Its name actually came from the tapping sound created from the metal plates of the shoes of... How To Use the Art of Storyboarding When attempting to convey the narrative flow of a script or concept, you might want to not only sell the idea that you have in mind but also help the client visualize... How To Use a Guitar Slide A guitar slide is a piece of tubing made of metal or glass. It is used when playing the guitar in order to change the sound produced from the guitar. The guitar slide... How To Transfer Artwork with a Light Box Want to do flawless artwork? If you’re a beginner in painting, let’s say, using watercolor as a medium, you should need to do a template first before proceeding... How To Use Basic Rhythms and Drum Tones on Djembe Drums Drums are always fun to use and lend that distinct element in any type of music. If you are interested in learning how to play drums, specifically the African Djembe... How To Trace a Drawing Creating a piece of art can be fulfilling. To see the end product of what you’ve made can be so exciting especially if you are not a natural artist. Tracing is a way... How To Use Acrylic Paints Using a new kind of paint is always exciting, and if it happens to be acrylic paint then you are in for a lot of fun. Acrylic paint is a water-based type of paint that... 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20  Home Automotive Business Careers Computers  Internet Education Electronics Family  Relationships Fashion  Personal Care Finance  Real Estate Food  Drink Health  Fitness Hobbies Activities  Past Times Arts  Entertainment Art Dance Drama  Movies Music Writing  Literature Crafts Games Science  Nature Holidays Home  Garden Pets  Animals Religion  Spirituality Sports  Recreation Travel   About Contact Terms & Privacy  How To Do Things . Copyright Howtodothings.com © 2013, all rights reserved.  