 Your Account | Wish List | View Cart: 0 Items Alfa Romeo, Fiat and Lancia Parts Since 1971 SEARCH Tech Bulletins | Catalog | Email Specials: Search By Vehicle Mechanical Parts Brake System Cooling System Drivetrain Electrical Engine Exhaust System Fuel System Gaskets & Seals Heating & A/C Steering & Suspension Wheels & Related Restoration Badges Convertible Tops Exterior Restoration Interior Restoration Accessories Floor Mats Fiat 500 Accessories Car Covers Apparel Books & Manuals Garage Accessories Great Gifts Maintenance & Car Care Tools Vehicle Upgrades Information Career Opportunities Customer Service Classifieds Core Credits Customer Car Gallery Frequently Asked Questions Free Catalog Gift Certificates News and Features Online Catalog Shipping Information Tech Bulletins Watch Fiat & Alfa Videos 100% Secure Shopping Featured Categories Featured Exclusives from International Auto Parts Tech Bulletins Fuel Pumps and Contaminated Gas Tanks Don창t get clogged up! Important tips for installing fuel pumps. Click here to read the article. Fiat Spider Electronic Fuel Injection Diagram Section by section diagram of the fuel injection system of a Fiat Spider from 1981 on. Click here to read the article. Watch Fiat and Alfa Videos Learn more about International Auto Parts Alfa Romeo, Fiat & Lancia Parts and Accessories Our website makes it easy to find the parts you need for the car you love. Shop by category, or use our search function to find parts for your exact year, make and model vehicle. Detailed text, illustrations and product photos will help you find what you're looking for. You can even check out the electronic version of IAP's latest print catalog! IAP: The Best Parts and the Best Service With over 4,000 separate part numbers, IAP has the largest Alfa/Fiat parts inventory in North America. Our Sales Advisors aren't just order-takers. They're AIA-certified Alfa/Fiat/Lancia experts. Most in-stock orders ship the day they're placed, so you'll get your parts fast. Follow your order from warehouse to your house with e-mail confirmation and accurate tracking info. IAP's no-hassle 90-Day Money-Back Guarantee ensures that you're 100% satisfied. Customer Bill of Rights | Privacy Policy | Shipping | Free Catalog | Site Map | Contact Us International Auto Parts PO Box 9036, Charlottesville, VA 22906 international-auto.com - 800-953-0813 sales@international-auto.com All Technical Bulletins and Tech Tips contained on this website are based on our own experience, and are not necessarily "factory approved." While we make a reasonable effort to verify the information contained in them, we assume no liability for the use or misuse of the information offered. *Overseas customers please note that our entire website is based on US-spec cars, as sold before the manufacturer left the US market: up to 1985 (Fiat/Lancia) and 1995 (Alfa Romeo). We do not carry parts for current models. 