 Home Our Services Online Estimates Schedule Appointments About Us Our Location Pacific Rim Automotive - Seattle's Independent Auto Repair Specialists Pacific Rim Automotive is an import automotive repair facility located in in the Wallingford district of Seattle. We have been in business for over 17 years servicing Japanese as well as European imports. We like to think of ourselves as Your One Stop Automotive Shop . Call us at (206) 632-1175 or schedule an appointment here . We are here to take care of all your auto service and repair needs, as well as answering any questions you may have, so don't be afraid to ask! We stand by our work for 1 year , regardless of mileage, and we have a fleet of over 20 free loaner cars available with major services. We hand wash and vacuum all cars free with all major services as well. We specialize in providing independent repairs and servicing for all the major Japanese and European car manufacturers such as, Honda Acura Infiniti Isuzu Lexus Nissan Toyota Mitsubishi Mazda Subaru BMW  Mercedes Benz Audi Volkswagen Volvo If your vehicle is not listed above, don't worry. Our professional technicians and mechanics are able to work on most, if not all major manufacturer vehicles. Give us a call or fill out our online estimates form and we will respond to your needs as soon as possible. We accurately estimate labor time for each auto repair we perform. This allows you to compare our services with other auto repair shops. You will find our service, warranty and customer support is second to none!  Fleet of over 20 cars complimentary for all of our major service customers. Live or work on the Eastside? Scheduling transportation while your car is being repaired is now a breeze with our loaner cars. Send us a brief description of your car problems via our online estimates form and we will get back to you with a free repair estimate. Our professional mechanics are ready to help. We stand by our work for 1 year, regardless of mileage. This is our guarantee to you, the car repair customer. In addition, all new parts are subject to the applicable manufacturer's warranty. How's that for peace of mind?  Pacific Rim Automotive, Inc. | 3810 Stone Way North, Seattle, WA | Tel: (206) 632-1175 | Sitemap | | Terms & Conditions web design, seattle | visualscope llc 