  ZIP CODE: | You have been signed out of My KBB Saved Cars Saved Comparisons Cars I might Like Most Researched Cars Dealer Price Quotes ZIP CODE: Account Profile Sign Out Not a Member? Become a member today for free and: Save your research Save car comparison Save price quote requests See our customized car recommendations Sign up today Sign In Email: Password: Remember me Sign in Forgot your password? Forgot Password? Enter your email address, and weâll send you a new password.  Email:  Go Sign Up for MyKBB I already have an account Email: Confirm Email:  Set Password: Confirm Password: Profile Name:  I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use .   I'd like email updates when KBB releases new products and services.  Privacy Policy  Sign up You've created your personalized KBB Profile! Now you can start saving your car research and get customized car recommendations. Click on a link below to start. My Recently Viewed Cars My Profile To save a ZIP code, allow your browser to accept cookies. Enter Your ZIP CODE Please enter a valid 5-digit ZIP code. Location: Save Your ZIP code is used to provide you with information specific to your location.  Privacy Policy  | Values outside the United States  Home Car Values What should I pay for a new car? What's my current car worth? What should I pay for a used car? Cars for Sale Show Me Cars That Meet My Needs Search by Make or Model Sell Your Car Free Dealer Price Quote Find Local Dealers Car Reviews KBB Expert Reviews Consumer Reviews Safety  Quality Ratings KBB Top Picks Top 10s  Award Winners 10 Best Family Cars of 2012 10 Most Fuel-efficient SUVs  Crossovers 10 Best Sedans Under $25,000 Best Resale Value Awards Auto Shows This Week in New Cars Research Tools Compare Cars Calculate Payments Vehicle History 5-Year Cost to Own Finance Insurance Check Your Credit Photos  Videos Rebates  Incentives Maintain Your Car   advertisement why ads? Popular at KBB.com The 40 mpg Cars of 2013 Home  Reviews & News  Latest News  2013 Hyundai Elantra Coupe - 2012 Chicago Auto Show 2013 Hyundai Elantra Coupe - 2012 Chicago Auto Show By KBB.com Editors on February 8, 2012 11:54 AM Share this article  A sportier, two-door runningmate to the Elantra Sedan , the 2013 Hyundai Elantra Coupe made its world debut in Chicago. Created at Hyundai's North American Design Center in Irvine, California, the new Coupe is spun from the current Elantra Sedan platform and shares virtually all key critical dimensions, inside and out with its four-door sibling. Despite an obvious orientation towards more youthful buyers, the Elantra Coupe maintains the automaker's signature emphasis on creating a high value package that delivers outstanding fuel economy. More from Chicago 2012 Chicago debuts include an updated Nissan Z and two new Acuras More new cars Arguably the most aggressive interpretation to date of Hyundai's "Fluidic Sculpture" design language, the new Elantra Coupe matches bold contours with sweeping character lines and dramatically raked front and rear pillars to create a riveting visual statement. The Coupe's smooth-flowing bodywork and optimized aero detailing result in an impressive 0.28 coefficient of drag. Inside, the cabin trimout shares all of the basics with the Elantra Sedan, although it does boast some unique trim elements and features more deeply bolstered front bucket seats that provide better lateral support during spirited driving. While rear legroom and shoulder room are marginally smaller than the four-door Elantra, headroom is unchanged and the Coupe's aft quarters look to be fully capable of comfortably carrying two average-sized adults or three kids. The Elantra Coupe's expansive roster of standards is highlighted by a full array of power assists, a multifunction steering wheel on a tilt/telescoping column, trip computer, keyless remote entry, cruise control, six-speaker/172-watt AM/FM/CD/MP3 audio system with XM Satellite Radio, Bluetooth hands-free connectivity, USB/AUX/iPod inputs, heated front seats and a 60/40 split-folding rear bench. Safety kit includes Vehicle Stability Management plue Electronic Stability/Traction control, antilock four-wheel disc brakes with Brake Assist and Electronic Brake-force Distribution and front/side/side-curtain airbags. Stepping up from GS to the top-line SE Coupe brings leather instead of cloth upholstery, alloy sport pedals and dual-zone auto climate control in place of manual air conditioning. It also allows buyers to order an immobilizer, proximity key entry with pushbutton start/stop, 360-watt premium audio system with navigation and the Limited Technology Package that bundles all of the above with automatic headlamps and a rearview camera. Sole engine in the new Elantra Coupe is the Hyundai's 1.8-liter "Nu" four-cylinder with Dual Continuously Variable Valve Timing (D-CVVT). Also shared with the Elantra sedan , it carries over unchanged and develops 148 horsepower and 131 lb-ft of torque in Federal form -- or 145/130 in California-spec Partial Zero Emissions Vehicle (PZEV) trim. When fitted with the standard six-speed manual transmission, the Coupe is projected to get 29/40 mpg city/highway EPA marks. Opt for the six-speed autoshifter that features Shiftronic manual control and ActiveECO circuitry and those figures are expected to slip back to 28/39 mpg. Although the Coupe's suspension design is common with the Elantra Sedan, Hyundai engineers retuned it to give the two-door a unique personality. Both GS and SE feature higher spring rates and a stouter torsion beam rear axle as well as quicker ratios on their electrically boosted power steering systems. In addition to its plus-one wheel/tire package, the SE also comes with its own dedicated chassis spec to help take full advantage of its stickier low-profile rubber. The 2013 Hyundai Elantra Coupe goes on sale this spring. Pricing will be released closer to the actual on-sale date.  Three More Things See the top 10 cars from the 2012 Detroit Auto Show Go cheap, stay cool with our 10 Coolest Cars Under $18,000 Our 10 Best Used Cars Under $8,000 are 10 of the smartest buys out there Share this article  Related News All the Latest First Pic: Infiniti Q30 Concept 2013 Fiat 500e adds zap to a rapidly expanding clan 2014 Ford Fiesta ST: Subcompact with Attitude Nissan's Outlook: Next-gen Titan and Autonomous Driving Exploring Austin in the 2013 Honda Accord Coupe  advertisement why ads? New Car Spotlight  advertisement why ads?  Search: Popular Topics Best Cars Car Classifieds Best Resale Value Awards 5-Year Cost-to-Own Center New Cars for 2014 Car Reviews & News Car Reviews Car Videos 2013 NY Auto Show Car News Car Infographics Help FAQ Site Map Find a New Car What's My Car Worth KBB SM Mobile Company About Us Contact Us Careers Corporate Information Industry Relations Advertising Media Center Linking Policy Business Solutions Follow KBB Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn RSS Mobile Apps iPhone  Android Windows  ÂŠ 1995-2013 Kelley Blue Book Co.  , Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright & Trademarks | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Ad Choices Recently Viewed Cars | My Saved Cars Save car Welcome Back! You have been signed out of My KBB Toolbar Yes No  Please tell us which vehicle page you'd like to go to.   