 Car Repair Guide how to car repair guide HOME CAR CHECK CAR TOOLS BASIC CAR REPAIR ADVANCED CAR REPAIR FAQ BLOG CONTACT US Welcome to the Car Repair Guide We wish you a warm welcome to a site dedicated to people who want to know more about cars , car repairing and want more independence on the road.... This is what we're about: Besides being able to help yourself on the road, you can see, read and learn how to: a) make basic repairs: repair for beginners b) make advanced repairs: for people with some more advanced knowledge in car mechanics and repair c) make car checks: for making those time to time checks around the car d) have the proper car tools: what tools to have in your car, tools for making a repair etc. Car Repair Guide is made in a form of free video and written tutorials, in a manner and language that,we hope, is knowable to every driver interested in this topic. Our mechanic will gladly answer any question you might have, from car problems to advice on buying a new car. The information we give is TOTALLY FREE : every guide is yours for the using. Don't hesitate to contact us, leave a comment or give us your opinion about us. We hope that we'll be able to help YOU to help yourself! Have a nice drive, Your Car Repair Guide . Car repair philosophy To call car repairing a philosophy seems a bit funny. But like any job you want to do properly, it's best if you know what your doing all the way through. In our site, we give emphasis on drivers helping themselves and making safe minor or major car repair. For reasons of safety and more quality repair we appeal to all our visitors, if they can and want, to widen there knowledge about cars, car systems and how they work, both single and combined together. So, our very first advice to you is, if you want to do some repairs, learn more about your car and the car systems. There's no quality car repair without knowing the basics about the car systems. The car is a machine that is made out of various different systems, that combined together, give the possibility of driving. For example, it doesn't hurt, while doing a rather simple task ( like changing the air filter ) to know what's it's purpose, what it's connected to and so on. . About CarRepairGuide.org Have you ever had that helpless feeling on the road, when you have car trouble and you cant help yourself? Had to wait for road service or for someone to stop, who perhaps knows more about cars then you, so that they can help you out? Well, this site and its contents are dedicated to those people, who want to know more about their car, want to know how to help themselves on the road in case of an emergency and want to be more or less independent when they go on a road trip. Remember, knowing more about your car means more safety on the road and more independence (meaning the ability to help yourselves). On our website and in our video advice we will show you some basic repairs, checks etc. which YOU can do with a small amount of money or nothing at that and be able to get yourselves out of an emergency situation (or perhaps avoid in all).  Common car problems Coolant low Oil pressure low Transmission (fluid) oil low Alternator Problems Ignition Switch Problems Last from the CRG With instaVIN Ratings This High Why Go Anywhere Else? Why You Need an instaVIN Report Before Committing to a Used Vehicle The Most Common Reasons Cars Break Down Tips and Tricks Tips for Revitalizing Your Car’s Appearance Car starting checks Vauxhall Astra Privacy Police Polovniautomobilisrbija.com BusinessFuelCards HOME CAR CHECK CAR TOOLS BASIC CAR REPAIR ADVANCED CAR REPAIR FAQ BLOG CONTACT US Copyright  2010 Car Repair Guide. 