 Skip to search.  New User? Register Sign In Help Make Y! My Homepage Notifications Help Mail My Y! Yahoo!  Yahoo! Directory  Search Search Web  Humor Email this page Suggest a Site Advanced Search Directory  Entertainment  Humor  CATEGORIES ( What's This? ) Top Categories Archives (102) Chats and Forums (3) Comedy@ Comic Strips@ Jokes (224) Lists (40) News and Media (221) Novelties@ Poetry@ Quizzes and Tests@ Quotations@ Stories (18) Web Directories (11) Additional Categories Advertising (36) Advice (41) Animals (162) Art (3) Begging (1) Bitterness (20) Bizarre (150) Blogs (58) Boredom (6) Bubblewrap (2) Cars (41) Clean Humor (13) Codes (3) Computers and Internet (302) Cultures and Groups (111) Dating and Relationships (34) Distorted Pictures (5) Drugs and Addictions (8) Duct Tape (5) Education (27) Fights (6) Food and Drink (100) Furniture (6) Gender Wars (16) Hair (18) Health and Medicine (13) Holidays and Observances (80) Horoscopes (4) Job Humor (84) Military (4) Movies and Film (69) Murphy's Laws (2) Music (72) Names (34) Parenting (13) Parody (223) People (25) Philosophy (3) Politics (23) Procrastination (4) Rants (36) Religion (118) Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror (24) Science Humor (115) Sex (88) Signs (23) Sports (22) Stupidity (35) Tasteless (156) Traffic Cones (1) Useless Pages (47) Warning Labels (2) Worst of . . . (27) SITE LISTINGS By Popularity | Alphabetical ( What's This? ) Sites 1 - 20 of 123 Goonland.com Humorous interactive Flash animations, games, and movies featuring Fatty Big Eye, Bruce, and other twisted characters. www.goonland.com National Lampoon Official site from the folks who brought you the National Lampoon magazine, Radio Hour, Vacation, and Animal House. www.nationallampoon.com Engrish.com [ read review ] Documents the humorous English mistakes that appear in Japanese advertising and product design. www.engrish.com Something Awful Articles, links, videos, cartoons, pranks, reviews, and much more stupidity from the web. www.somethingawful.com eBaum's World Collection of hilarious media, including videos, pictures, games, Flash cartoons, jokes, and prank phone calls. www.ebaumsworld.com Best Page in the Universe, The By a man who's right about everything. Featuring crappy children's artwork, humorous images, hate mails, and news. maddox.xmission.com Will It Blend? Series of videos from Blendtec exploring the extreme side of blending. www.willitblend.com Eric Conveys an Emotion [ read review ] Eric conveys different emotions with the use of a webcam. Requests are taken and encouraged. www.emotioneric.com Lileks.com [ read review ] Includes the Daily Bleat, Pop Culture, the Institute of Official Cheer, Urban Studies, Ghost Ads, and more of the sublime and the ridiculous. www.lileks.com Heavy.com Cartoon animations, pop culture television parodies, and streaming multimedia irreverence. www.heavy.com oddtodd.com [ read review ] Featuring Laid-Off, a portrait of life after the dot-com bust, and its sequels as well as other cartoons and fun stuff, including Odd Todd's holiday specials: Hallween, April Fool's, and Valentine's Day. Also includes games, such as MepBall and Elf Up. www.oddtodd.com Funny Junk Features funny videos, pictures, and games online. www.funnyjunk.com Asylum Men's lifestyle site covering humor, weird news, fashion, sex tips, dating, style, food and wine, gadgets, tech, music, movies, events, health, fitness, entertainment, and lots of weird stuff. www.asylum.com Totally Looks Like Blog features side-by-side comparison of a celebrity, animal, or famous character that totally looks like another person, animal, or character. totallylookslike.com Comedy Zone Features jokes, humorous quotations, and links to cartoons, stand-up comedians, TV and film comedy, and more. www.comedy-zone.net Bore Me Archive of virals includes funny movies, pictures, games, and jokes. www.boreme.com Chortle Offers comedy listings, news, and reviews for the U.K. www.chortle.co.uk Dave's Daily Features funny, strange, and bizarre news stories and pictures from around the world. www.davesdaily.com Phoons from Around the World [ read review ] Every picture in this collection contains a particular pose. www.phoons.com Caricature Zone View caricatures of international sports, rock, and movie stars and political leaders, or sketch your own faces with a few clicks. www.magixl.com  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next Humor Email this page Suggest a Site Advanced Search Directory  Entertainment  Humor Web | Directory | Category Help us improve the Yahoo! Directory - Share your ideas 