 Print Email Share  In this report    Overview Ratings Recommended Rear-facing longer is better Our tests: What we looked for Importance of the top tether Adjustments as your child grows Installation tricks of the trade Concerns about rear-facing kids Convertible car seats A well selected and properly installed seat can keep a child safe for several years  Last reviewed: November 2011  Convertible car seats Rear-facing longer is better. Car seats should be at the top of every new parent's to-buy list. Not only will you need one to take your baby home from the  hospital, but for every car ride thereafter. Every state requires that children up to 4 years old be secured in a car seat  while riding, and most require booster seats for older children.  Motor vehicle crashes remain the leading cause of death for children ages 3-14 in the U.S. In 2009, of the 322 child passengers  under age 4 who died in motor-vehicle crashes, 31 percent were riding unrestrained (see NHTSA crash test video of unrestrained infant ).  Car seats can reduce fatalities of infants younger than one year by 71 percent and by 54 percent for children aged one to  four years. (See our full coverage of all car seats .)  CR convertible-seat test key findings  There was a wide disparity in how easy the seats were to properly install and fit into a variety of vehicle types. Research shows keeping children two yearsold and younger in a rear-facing position helps prevent severe injury.  There are more seat models available that have higher harness weights to accomodate larger kids both rear-and forward-facing. Our technicians found rear-facing car seat installations more difficult than forward-facing. Infant vs. convertible car seats A rear-facing infant seat is the first stage. A built-in harness secures the infant, reclined at an angle typically between  30 and 45 degrees, to provide optimum protection in a crash without interfering with breathing. Infant seats can accommodate  most children from birth up to about 22 lbs. or more. (See our infant seat Ratings .)  With its removable carrier and swing-up handle, an infant seat lets you move your baby in and out of the car without disturbing  him. Though it might be a better value to jump into a convertible seat first, infant seats, by their design, tend to be more  compact and secure infants better when compared to larger convertible models, which is why we recommend them as the first  step.  Though convertible seats can be used for a newborn, they will likely fit better in an infant seat. Convertible seats are best  for when a baby's weight reaches the infant seat's limit, which may be as early as 6 to 9 months old. Orienting the convertible  seat in a rear-facing position until your baby is at least 1 year old and over 20 lbs. is a must. But research shows that  babies up to age twoare better protected rear-facing (see Rear-facing longer is better ). Eventually, you can "convert" the seat to face forward, and use it that way until your toddler reaches the seat's forward-facing  height and weight limits. Overall, height requirements or limits for the convertible seats we tested ranged from 19 inches  to 53 inches, and weight limits from 5 pounds to 80 pounds, so they can be used for several years. (Learn more about convertible car seats for kids up to 100 pounds .)  When in doubt, throw it out The results from many of our tests reinforce the message that it's best not to re-use any car seat that has been in a crash,  whether or not it shows visible cracks. After our tests, even models that are not visibly cracked can still show signs of  being potentially compromised upon close inspection: Plastics are visibly stressed, internal structures and bars are bent  or have changed position, and parts that help create a taut, secure fit became pinched or difficult to use.  The federal crash standard: Realistic to today's vehicles? The flat "bench"-type car seat required by the federal standard for child seat testing, at the facility where we tested our  convertible models.  Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 213, which governs requirements for child restraints, was introduced in 1971. Though  it was updated in the last few years, our technicians have found that it isn't representative of current vehicles. Our engineers  note that in order to be representative, the "bench"-style seat used should be more contoured and have a firmer cushion. The  standard also uses two-point belts instead of the three-point lap-and-shoulder belts found in contemporary passenger vehicles.  Finally, the standard lacks a side-impact test. While improvement in the standard is needed, car seats are still effective  when properly installed. According to Safe Kids Worldwide , properly used safety seats decrease the risk of death by 71 percent for infants and 54 percent for toddlers. They are often  installed improperly, however. (Go to the American Academy of Pediatrics Web site for car seat installation tips , and see car seat installation tricks of the trade for more information.)  Posted: June 2009  Not a member? Subscribe now Member sign-in Username: Password:  Remember me  Forgot username? Forgot password?  How We Test Our History Lab Tour ConsumerReports.org: A-Z Index |  Site Map |  Overview |  Your Privacy Rights |  User Agreement Canada Extra |  en Espaol |  Subscribe Who We Are: About Us |  Our Mission |  No Commercial Use |  Career Opportunities Bookstore |  E-mail Newsletters |  RSS |  Press Room |  Donate |  Customer Service-Contact Us Consumer Reports Network: ConsumerReports.org |  The Consumerist Cars Best Deals Plus |  Car Pricing Service |  ConsumersUnion.org FREE Email newsletters Sign up now or click here to manage your email newsletters.  Copyright  2006-2012 Consumers Union of U.S., Inc. No reproduction, in whole or in part, without written permission .  Sign In |  Subscribe Customer Service | My Account | Bookstore | Donate | Our Web Sites | Site Features News Forums Videos   Car Types Convertibles Hybrids/EVs Luxury cars Minivans Pickup trucks Sedans Small cars Sports cars SUVs Wagons See new cars | used cars | all cars Tires & Car Care Car batteries GPS Tires Topics Cars News Car prices & deals Car buying advice Car safety Top Products Air conditioners Air purifiers Blenders Clothes dryers Coffeemakers Cooktops & wall ovens Dehumidifiers Dishwashers Freezers Microwave ovens Kitchen ranges Refrigerators Sewing machines Space heaters Steam irons Toasters Vacuum cleaners Washing machines See all products Topics Appliance News Top Products Camcorders Cell phones & services Computers Cordless phones Digital cameras Digital picture frames Blu-ray players GPS Headphones Home theater systems MP3 Players Printers TVs See all products Topics Electronics News Top Products Cordless drills Flooring Gas grills Kitchen cookware Lawn mowers & tractors Leaf blowers Mattresses Snow blowers String trimmers Water filters See all products Topics Home News Safety News Top Products Baby monitors Backpacks Car seats Cribs High chairs Play yards Strollers Thermometers See all products Topics Babies & Kids News Safety News Products & Services Airline travel Appliance stores Brokerage services Car insurance Computer stores Credit cards Customer service Drug stores Electronics stores Extended warranties Eyeglass stores Home insurance Hotel rooms Outlet stores Prepaid cards Retail stores Rewards cards Shopping websites Sporting goods stores Store credit cards Supermarkets See all products Topics Health Insurance Money News Pet Products & Advice Restaurants Guide Student Debt Top Products Buy Blu-ray players Buy camcorders Buy car seats Buy clothes dryers Buy coffeemakers Buy computers Buy cordless phones Buy digital cameras Buy dishwashers Buy GPS Buy gas grills Buy lawn mowers Buy microwave ovens Buy printers Buy kitchen ranges Buy refrigerators Buy TVs Buy vacuum cleaners Buy washing machines See all products Top Products Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Diet Plans Electric Toothbrushes Ellipticals Exercise Bikes Eye Creams Hair Dryers Hair Dyes Hearing Aids Sunscreens Tooth Whiteners Treadmills Walking Shoes Wrinkle Creams Wrinkle Serums Topics Best Buy Drugs Health Insurance Plan Rankings Heart Surgeon Ratings Hospital Ratings ADHD Allergies Back Pain Depression Diabetes Heart Health Insomnia Lasik Eye Surgery Sexual Health Home  Babies  kids  Convertible car seats Baby  toddler SiteCatalyst code version: H.21.1Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com 