  GALVESTON.COM: Galveston, Texas Arts & Entertainment Currently: 88 P/sunny Overview Video Channel Blogs Podcast Galveston Twitter Chat Room PhotoFinder Instagrams Webcams Weather Maps  Transit Media Center Information Request Galveston.com  Company Convention  Visitors Bureau Overview Book Lodging Online Hotels  Motels Condominiums Bed  Breakfast Inns Vacation Rentals Vacation Rental Companies RVParks Overview About Galveston Island History of Galveston, Texas Visitor Information Center Galveston Calendar of Events Dining in Galveston Arts  Entertainment Sights Attractions Beaches  Nature Fishing Galveston Shopping Bars  Clubs Things to Do on a Budget Touring Galveston Island Cruising from Galveston Weddings Overview Real Estate Apartment Living Education Healthcare in Galveston Places to Worship Business  Service Directory Overview Meeting / Event Sales Team Convention Centers Convention Services Weddings Promote Your Meeting Hotel Conference Centers Unique Meeting Facilities Submit Request for Proposal    SEARCH GALVESTON.COM  JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER   Home | What to Do   The Grand is one of the few remaining theatres of its era in Texas and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. In 1993 the 73rd Texas Legislature proclaimed The Grand The Official Opera House of Texas. more...  Island ETC is Galveston's only professional repertory theatre company. Our beautifully restored 190 seat theater is home to 6 main stage productions each year in addition to film screenings. more...  Art Galleries 1 ArtWalk 2 Galveston Ballet 3 Symphony Orchestra 4 Theaters (Film & Multimedia) 5 Theaters (Live) 6  Galveston's visual and performing arts culture continues to thrive as visitors browse through art galleries during the day before heading out at night to catch their favorite musicals in the heart of Historic Galveston Island. The Grand 1894 Opera House The Grand has a very special place in the history of our community and in the lives of many of our residents. In 1993 the 73rd Texas Legislature proclaimed The Grand "The Official Opera House of Texas." In fact, arts and entertainment are as much a part of the Islands history as its port and Victorian architecture. From theater, music and dance, in historic and traditional settings, to reggae, rock, country and the oldies in the citys nightspots, Galveston sparkles at night. Postoffice Street Arts  Entertainment District is nestled in the famous Strand National Historic Landmark District , only three short blocks from The Strand. This district is home to quaint galleries that feature various types of art from local, national and internationally recognized artists. Every six weeks, the art galleries welcome Island visitors and Galvestonians alike into their galleries for ArtWalk; an event that provides visitors with wine and cheese while leading them through the historic streets and into boutiques and galleries. The Grand 1894 Opera House presents a year-round performing arts schedule featuring international stars of stage and screen, Broadway musicals, dance, music and comedy productions. Called one of the finest theaters in the world by veteran actor Hal Holbrook, The Grand is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was designated the official opera house of the State of Texas by the 73rd legislature. Past performers have included Bill Cosby, Gregory Peck, James Earl Jones, Bernadette Peters, and Willie Nelson. The Grand also presented the world premier production of Red, White and Tuna , as well as Tuna Does Vegas . Island etc (east-end theater company) strives to present innovative and cutting-edge productions by both known and new playwrights. The elegant 200-seat theatre is home to plays, musicals, concerts and film festivals year-round. If its a just-released motion picture you would like to see, Premiere Cinema , a multi-screen theater, is conveniently located on Seawall Boulevard at 89th Street. From Broadway to dance to visual arts, Galveston Island is a art-lover's paradise. Add Your Comments... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.  Get $500 in coupons! Details Here Check In: Nights Rooms 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Adults Children 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Select a Property: All Isle Hotels: Amer Best Value Baymont Inn Beachcomber Beachfront Palms Bishop's Bungalow By the Sea Candlewood Casa Del Mar Comfort Suites Commodore Dawn Condos Gaido's Galvestonian Hampton Inn Harbor House Hilton Resort Holiday Inn Holiday Inn Sunspree Hotel Galvez Inn @ Waterpark Knights Inn Lost Bayou BB Maravilla Resort Mermaid  Dolphin Moody Gardens Quality Inn/Stes San Luis Resort Scottish Inns Seascape Springhill Suites Super 8 Tremont House Victorian   Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba   Back to top  Become a Fan Facebook Blog It Tumblr Follow Us Twitter Tune In! YouTube Follow Us Pinterest Follow Us foursquare  copyright 1994-2012, Galveston.com  Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Galveston.com  Company, Inc. is a proud member of the Texas Travel Industry Association and the Texas Association of Convention  Visitors Bureaus . Galveston.com  Company is a private enterprise and all recommendations for businesses or products is the opinion of Galveston.com  Company, and not related in any way to the Park Board of Trustees of The City of Galveston. The Park Board does not produce any events for Galveston Island. The mission of the Park Board is to increase the economic impact of tourism for Galveston by advertising  promoting annual events produced by independent promoters. The voice of Galveston.com is provided by Chris Davies . Unless otherwise noted, no part of this website may be reproduced without written permission from the appropriate copyright owners. Click here for our Privacy Policy and Internet Safety Information applicable to this website. Galveston.com  Company reserves the right to post, not post, edit or delete content or material that is submitted to, posted to or stored within this website or database. Furthermore, Galveston.com & Company assumes no legal liability for any material or content posted to or stored within this website and database, or the effect of a Poster's comments on the patronage of an establishment. The comments and opinions of Posters are subjective and personal to the poster, and do not necessarily reflect the opinion or feelings of Galveston.com & Company, its stockholders, board of directors, officers, employees, agents or customers. In exchange for experiencing Galveston.com  Company's website, you acknowledge that Galveston.com & Company is not responsible for; and further you waive any claims you may have against Galveston.com & Company for the content and/or material submitted, posted, read, altered, modified, edited, saved, deleted or forwarded from or to the website and database. However, if you feel that content or material posted or saved at Galveston.com & Company's website or database requires deletion, modification or clarification, then please email us at websites@galveston.com and we will consider the request. Please note that receipt of your request is not acknowledgment that Galveston.com  Company will take action.  