 Skip to main content Secondary menu User menu Join OR Log In  MNN - Mother Nature Network Tuesday, August 27, 2013 SPECIAL FEATURES: Leaderboard Nest TreeHugger Photos Blogs SB 2013 Joy of Less Search form  Social links Main menu Earth Matters Browse all » Animals Climate  Weather Energy Politics Space Translating Uncle Sam Wilderness  Resources Health Browse all » Allergies Fitness  Well-Being Healthy Spaces Lifestyle Browse all » Arts  Culture Travel Natural Beauty  Fashion Recycling Responsible Living Green Tech Browse all » Computers Gadgets  Electronics Research  Innovations Transportation Eco-Biz  Money Browse all » Green Workplace Personal Finance Sustainable Business Practices Food  Drink Browse all » Beverages Healthy Eating Recipes Your Home Browse all » At Home Organic Farming  Gardening Remodeling  Design Family Browse all » Babies  Pregnancy Family Activities Pets Protection  Safety  Breadcrumb Navigation MNN.COM › MNN BLOGGERS x Tweet Email Share Earn Points What's this?  100 car-free Angelenos   A new photo exhibit features 100 Angelenos living car-free -- and the clashing viewpoints they have on their auto-independent lifestyles. Mon, Oct 19 2009 at 1:43 PM  Related Topics: Cycling , Eco-art  Photo: Diane Meyer Whether you’re already car-free or just car-free curious, seeing Diane Meyer’s new photo exhibit, Without a Car in the World (100 Car-less Angelinos Tell Stories of Living in Los Angeles) , is sure to be revelatory.   Without a Car pairs photo portraits of 100 L.A.-area residents (including me!) with brief quotes from their interviews about car-free living. Far from a simple hurrah for automobile-free living, the exhibit features interviews both from those who are proud of their car-free lifestyles to others who sound deeply unhappy about a car-lessness that’s been imposed on them, whether due to financial concerns, disability, or other reasons.     In fact, the juxtaposition of these points of view is what makes Without a Car especially poignant. One Angeleno talks about how taking public transportation’s so much easier and convenient than people think it is. Another expounds on the difficulties of getting around by bus — how long it takes, how unreliable the system seems.   Without a Car shows a diverse group of Angelenos from all walks of life, and the simple, short quotes from the car-free people quite effectively expose and explore L.A.’s race and class issues, whether it’s a mother who rents a car because her daughter’s too embarrassed to show up to take a standardized test via the bus, or a girl who proudly rides her unicycle in Santa Monica.     What the exhibit makes clear is that going car-free is an extremely individual experience — and that race and class play heavily into how pleasant that experience is going to be. It’s one thing to be a relatively lucky freelance writer who first moved to a nice part of Santa Monica where everything — including an Enterprise rental office — is within walking distance before getting rid of her car (that’s me — although I now have a car again). It’s quite another to be a teenager from a working-class family living in a relatively dangerous part of L.A., who has no choice but to transfer on multiple buses to get to school and work before relying on a late night, infrequent bus line to get her back home.   The artist Diane Meyer, who’s an assistant professor of photography at Loyola Marymount University, is herself car-free. See the exhibit yourself at the 18th Street Arts Center, 1639 18th St., Santa Monica, before it closes on Dec. 11, 2009. A number of public programs — including a discussion about walking in L.A. with DJ Waldie and a panel discussion on the future of transportation in L.A. are planned. Check the 18th Street Arts Center calendar for details, as dates and times of the events — including the panel I’m on, currently planned for Nov. 14 — will likely change. The opinions expressed by MNN Bloggers and those providing comments are theirs alone, and do not reflect the opinions of MNN.com. While we have reviewed their content to make sure it complies with our Terms and Conditions, MNN is not responsible for the accuracy of any of their information. Previous Post 'Split Estate': Natural gas gets dirty Next Post A reuse program for Scotch Tape dispensers You might also like:  Join the conversation Sign in with one of these accounts to add your comment. Log in or create an account Sign in using this account:  Comments Loading…  EDITORS' PICKS Advertisement TODAY'S MOST POPULAR ON Homer, the blind cat who inspired a bestseller, has died 12 tips for kicking the refined sugar habit Uh-oh: Farmers Almanac predicts a nasty 2013-2014 winter Too beautiful to be real? 16 surreal landscapes found on Earth 13 natural remedies for the ant invasion Mercury will rise in Pacific fish, study finds 10 false facts most people think are true How to clean brass naturally The mystery of Devils Kettle Falls Easy homemade soap + Add this to my site From our sponsor Responsible drinking highlighted in Diageos annual report Diageo, which makes some of the worlds most popular alcoholic beverages, details social more... Celebrating Life Every Day, Everywhere, Responsibly.  Diageos approach to responsible drinking As the world’s leading premium drinks company, Diageo is proud of our heritage, our brands, and the more... Celebrating Life Every Day, Everywhere, Responsibly.  Whats your DRINKiQ? Tips for drinking responsibly At Diageos DRINKiQ website, you can find facts about alcohol and its effect on the human body more... Celebrating Life Every Day, Everywhere, Responsibly.  Crown Royal honors hometown heroes The whisky brand calls for nominations of inspiring individuals all over the country for Your more... Celebrating Life Every Day, Everywhere, Responsibly.  CÎROC celebrates Safe Rides with commercial contest The vodka brand teams up with Esquire magazine for a contest that encourages revelers to drink more... Celebrating Life Every Day, Everywhere, Responsibly.   NEWSLETTER Mother Nature. Delivered Email Address * Daily Weekly Advertisement Advertisement  Footer menu Quick Links Joy of Less About Us Advisory Board Editors Blog Press Privacy Sitemap Terms of Service MNN Tools Advice Blogs Day in History Eco-glossary Infographics Lists Photos Videos Connect The Nest Contact Us Mixed Greens Newsletters RSS Social TreeHugger Mobile Channels Earth Matters Health Lifestyle Green Tech Eco-Biz  Money Your Home Family State Reports Follow MNN Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Google+ StumbleUpon   Copyright © 2013 MNN Holdings, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Website by GLICK INTERACTIVE | Powered by CIRRACORE SPONSORS           