 Civil War & Emancipation Meeting Planners Travel Professionals Sports Media Partners 91 Cloudy Things to Do Things to Do Richmond Liberty Trail Walk back in time with the Richmond Liberty Trail. more Kings Dominion The region’s largest collection of roller coasters and a water park. more Attractions Restaurants/Nightlife Local Tours Shopping and Spas Sports & Recreation Discount Coupons Events Events A History of Richmond in 50 Objects “A History of Richmond in 50 Objects” explores the history of Richmond, more Lincoln Movie Now in Theaters Nationwide! Steven Spielberg directs two-time Academy Award® winner Daniel Day-Lewis in more Special Events Festivals Redskins in Richmond Arts & Entertainment Green Richmond Events Submit Events Where to Stay Where to Stay Museum District B This historic home is 2 blocks from Carytown and steps from the Museum of more The Jefferson Hotel The Jefferson is the region's only Forbes Five Star, AAA Five Diamond more Hotels Bed & Breakfasts Green Richmond Hotels Book Your Stay Discounts & Packages Plan Your Trip Plan Your Trip Gourmet Getaway Itinerary Six Burner is one of the culinary destinations on this epicurean's weekend more Mancation Itinerary From golf to go-karts to whitewater rapids and a brewery tour, your more Discount Coupons Activity Ideas Blog Richmond VA Visitor Center Maps & Directions Visitors Guide About the Area About the Area African American Diversity Guide Learn more about the contributions of African Americans to the history of more New Kent County Experience breathtaking natural beauty and boundless recreation more Richmond Region Overview Universities/Colleges Diversity Culture & Religion  Events Special Events Festivals Redskins in Richmond Arts & Entertainment Galleries & Museums Stage Music Green Richmond Events Submit Events Discount Coupons Richmond Spotlight » » » »  Watch the Video! Everything you need to know about the Richmond Region in a short video! more Arts & Entertainment History. Now Showing. The Richmond Region offers a year-round schedule of musical, theatrical, artistic and dance performances. Many professional arts groups, including the Richmond Ballet, Richmond Symphony and Virginia Opera, perform annually in the Region. If you prefer theater, choose from Theater IV's family performances, the Richmond Shakespeare Festival's outdoor productions or the "Broadway in Richmond" series at the Landmark and Carpenter Theatre. There's also lots of local theater with high levels of talent -- including the Firehouse Theatre Project, the Barksdale Theatre, and productions by area colleges and universities. Want to enjoy an outdoor concert? You'll find many held May through September. The Region also has dozens of art galleries, a couple of comedy clubs and a few film festivals. Our full selection of local arts and entertainment includes: Galleries & Museums - From nature paintings to sculptures to cutting-edge modern art, the Richmond Region boasts some of the Virginia's finest art galleries and museums. Stage - The world is a colorful stage in Richmond. Theater aficionados will appreciate the Region's diverse offerings - from Shakespeare to murder-mysteries and avant-garde dramas. Music - Tune into some of the Region's most eclectic musical offerings. Lose yourself in a soul-stirring opera or symphony performance at the restored Carpenter Theatre at Richmond CenterStage. Or listen to great live music from nationally-recognized artists and bands at some of Richmond's popular concert venues.   Featured Events Aug 27 2013 Butterflies LIVE! at Lewis Ginter Botanical Garden May 24-Oct 13 Daily 9 a.m.  5 p.m. Included with Garden admission. BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND! Experience more Aug 27 2013 Robots + Us at the Science Museum of Virginia May 11-Sep 29 What differentiates humans and robots? Explore what it means to be human by examining how lifelike more Sep 6 2013 Fall Line Fest Sep 6-Sep 7 Enjoy a two-day music, art and food festival in Downtown Richmond. Various Richmond restaurants, more Oct 11 2013 Richmond Folk Festical Oct 11-Oct 13 Celebrate the roots, richness and variety of American culture through music, dance traditional more Feb 18 2014 6th Annual Virginia Wine Expo Feb 18-Feb 23 Now in its 6th year, the Virginia Wine Expo (VWE) has firmly established itself as the premier wine more Jun 1 2014 Broad Appétit Jun 1 Come out and experience cuisine from the best local restaurants our fine city has to offer - and more See all future events  Google Translate  Share your Richmond vacation story on Contact | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | About | Partner Login 401 N. 3rd Street  Richmond, VA 23219  (804) 783-7450 [if IE 6]>