  United States / English   Home   Discover   Products   Where to buy   Service  Discover the world of Maxi-Cosi BabyHello Having a baby is a magical time – find out how to plan ahead, but don’t forget to dream a little too! Discover Baby Hello View all themes Eating time Discover eating time Other articles Fun at the table Star quality Taking off Car seats Strollers Accessories  Where to buy We have an international network of trusted retailers whose experienced and knowledgeable staff can be relied on to help you find the products and services you need and that suit your lifestyle. For your convenience, most of our retailers sell online too. Here, you can find retailers near you and discover where to shop online. Angola Australia Austria Belgium Canada Colombia Croatia Curacao Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland G.D.Luxembourg Germany Greece Hong Kong Iran Ireland Italia Italy Kaliningradrussia Latvija Lithuania Macau Macedonia Netherlands Norway Poland PR Roi Russia Serbia Slovak Republic Slovenia South Africa Spain Suisse Sweden Switzerland Syria Uk United States Venezuela Windhoek City Postcode Show shops  How can we help you? Customer care and after-sales service are very important to us. Here, you can find out how to contact us, read about our organisation, and find the answers to frequently asked questions. And don’t forget that our trusted retailers will also be happy to share their knowledge and expertise with you. Enjoy our products FAQ Any questions? Search here for the answer. Show questions and answers for Select a category first Car seats Gear Strollers Product support Privacy statement US Product Registration News June 27, 2013 - Maxi-Cosi Launches the Mico AP April 24, 2013 - Maxi-Cosi Mico Featured on the Katie Couric Show April 23, 2013 - Maxi-Cosi Pria 70 Leather Edition Featured on CNN View all news Register your product Congratulations on your purchase! Sign up now   Home    Products    Car seats    Convertible   Convertible Car Seats Select the convertible you like to see all details. 4 - 70 pounds   Pria™ 70  Info  shops   Pria™ 70 Leather Edition  Info  shops   Pria™ 70 with Tiny Fit  Info  shops Strollers Kaia Mila All strollers Car seats for infant Mico All car seats for infants Car seats for toddler Priori Pria 70 All car seats for toddler Car seats for child Rodi XR All car seats for child  Accessories  Weathershield Footmuff All accessories New products Gear Collections Pria 70 Meet our other brands Quinny BabyArt Hoppop Service Find a shop Register your product FAQ News Product support Discover Baby Hello Eating time On the go Out and about All themes About Dorel About us Privacy Disclaimer  Maxi-Cosi online  About us  |   Disclaimer  |   Privacy  |   Terms and conditions  |   Copyright    *  E-mail  :   Please, enter valid Email address   Children :  To give you the best advice, we ask how many children you have. This is not a required field. 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  Pregnant  :   Please, choose one of the options    To give you the best advice for your situation, we ask you if you are expecting. This is not a required field.     Yes   No   *  Due date  :   Please enter a valid Due Date.    To give you the best advice for your particular situation, we ask you when your due date is.  Year 2013 2014 Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Day 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Subscribe to receive newsletter       *   Please, check Privacy statement       *   Cancel    or Sign up Send-a-friend By filling in this form you can direct a friend to interesting information on  www.bebeconfort.com . * Email from :  Please, enter valid Email address   * E-mail :  Please, enter valid Email address   Message :  Message validation tooltip   Cancel or Send  Cancel   or  Choose your country and your language  Australia   English  Austria   German  Belgium   Dutch   French  Canada   English  Germany   German  Ireland   English  Netherlands   Dutch  Poland   Polish  Portugal   Portuguese  Spain   Spanish  Switzerland   German   English  United Kingdom   English  United States   English  International   English  Maxi-Cosi brochure   