 Angloinfo.com GENEVA Home Directory Information What's On Discussions Classifieds Blogs MyAngloINFO Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Geneva Information Transport Vehicle Ownership Buying And Selling A Car Login or Register  Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Buying and Selling a Car Importing a Car Tax  Import Duty Registering a Foreign Car Geneva Traffic Offices Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Public Transport Air  Sea Travel Useful Contacts EU Factsheets: Transport News News currently unavailable, please try again later. More News... show Essentials Emergency Numbers Public Holidays Maps Foreign Exchange Postcards Bookshop Weather show Useful Tools Advertising Franchising Online Translation Mobile Web Get Listed! Link To Us Tell A Friend More AngloINFO Worldwide AngloINFO Switzerland Useful Tools Get Listed If your business or non-profit organisation is based within Geneva, you can list it in the Business Directory free of charge Read More... Featured Information Income Tax Understand the Swiss income tax system as a resident and non-resident and how it affects your income. Read more... Health System Make sure that you and your family are protected by the Swiss healthcare system. Read more... Useful Tools Link To Us Link your website to AngloINFO to allow your users to access reliable, relevant information quickly and easily. Read More... Useful Tools Get Listed If your business or non-profit organisation is based within Geneva, you can list it in the Business Directory free of charge Read More... Log in to Add to Favourites Buying and Selling a Car in Switzerland Information on the paperwork and process involved when buying or selling a car in Switzerland. Also information on Swiss licence/number plates... The new and used car market in Switzerland is generally well developed and most makes and models are available, although rural areas may have fewer options than the major cities. Cars in Switzerland: Registration/Licence/Number Plates In Switzerland, a vehicle's registration plates are associated with an individual at their registered address, not with a vehicle. When a person first buys a car in Switzerland, their first set of number plates can be obtained (for a fee) from the Road Traffic Office ( Office Cantonal des Automobiles et de la Navigation/ Strassenverkehrsamt ) in their Canton of residence. When a car is bought or sold, the seller removes their plates while the buyer attaches theirs to the vehicle. Note : When buying from a car dealership, the dealer will usually arrange the issue of new plates for a buyer. A person may use their licence plates for more than one car; for example, someone who owns two cars may swap the number plates between them. However, only one of the cars may be on the road at a time. Buying a New Car New cars are generally sold at car dealerships; they may also be bought abroad and imported. Substantial discounts may be available on the asking price - it's recommended to negotiate. Any new car in Switzerland undergoes a test before it may leave the showroom to ensure that it is in perfect condition. The seller of a new car provides the buyer with the Rapport d'expertise 13.20A / Pruefungsbericht 13.20A which is used to register the car. Many dealerships are affiliated to an insurance company and can set the buyer up with a policy; many also take care of the registration process on behalf of the buyer. Buying or Selling a Used Car Second hand cars are plentiful in Switzerland and can be bought from car dealers, garages or from private individuals. They may be advertised in car magazines or websites such as: Touring Club Suisse Auto Online Auto Scout 24 Buying privately Buyers should check the dates of the last anti-pollution test, the vehicle's service record and that the seller's identity is the same as on the vehicle's registration papers ( permis de circulation/ Fahrzeugausweis ). The buyer and seller should (but are not obliged) to sign a contract. The Swiss Automobile Club has a model contract that can be used for the sale of a used car between two private individuals. To download a copy: Click here (PDF in French) The seller provides the vehicle's registration papers and then cancels the permis de circulation/ Fahrzeugausweis before handing it over to the buyer. This can be done at the local Road Traffic Office either in person or by post. Registering a car If the buyer and seller are in the same canton, the process is fairly simple as they can both present themselves at the local Road Traffic Office, where the owner can cancel the permis de circulation/ Fahrzeugausweis and the buyer can register the car in their own name. However, if the buyer and seller are in different cantons, the situation is more complicated. Once the permis de circulation/ Fahrzeugausweis is cancelled, the buyer has two options: Rent temporary number plates from the Road Traffic Office in the canton where they are buying the car, for 24, 48, 72 or 96 hours, in order to return home with the new car before registering it in their own canton (this can be costly; the buyer must return the temporary plates); or The seller cancels the permis de circulation/ Fahrzeugausweis and sends it to the buyer, who then registers the vehicle in their own name and collects the car, taking their own number plates with them Note : Once the permis de circulation/ Fahrzeugausweis has been cancelled, a car may be driven until midnight on the same day, after which it becomes illegal until re-registered. Documents required for registration To register a vehicle (either new or used) the new owner must send by post (or present in person) the following to the local Road Traffic Office: Valid driving licence Proof of insurance Residency permit The former owner's vehicle registration papers ( permis de circulation / Fahrzeugausweis ) for a used car or the Rapport d'expertise 13.20A / Pruefungsbericht 13.20A if the vehicle is new or imported The technical control certificate (if applicable). If the car is over four years old then the seller should provide this When buying a used vehicle it is recommended to include a technical control clause either in the contract or the invoice. The buyer usually pays for a technical control to be carried out and the seller agrees to finance any necessary repairs. If the car is over ten years old then it must pass a technical control test to confirm that it satisfies the norms and requirements set by the Association des Services des Automobiles (ASA)/ Vereinigung der Strassenverkehrsaemter . If this test was carried out by the previous owner then it must not have been carried out more than one year before. All imported vehicles (used or new) have to undergo a technical control test before registration. Further Information Information on registering a vehicle from Touring club Suisse: Click here (in French) Recommendations when a paying a used car from Touring club Suisse: Click here (in French)  Vehicle Ownership Importing a Car  Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... Help Close Add to Favourites Close Featured Business Webster University American non-profit university. Bachelor's and Master's degrees. Parklike campus is minutes from... Read more... GEMS World Academy GEMS World Academy-Etoy is enrolling now for September 2013, starting from Pre-Kindergarten to... Read more... Mental Fitness - Innovative Counselling  Coaching Mental Fitness work using the latest innovative therapies helping couples, individuals and... Read more... Become a Member Register to become a member of AngloINFO Geneva Registering with AngloINFO is quick and simple and gives you a lot of additional opportunities to benefit from AngloINFO's many services. It's also completely free of charge. Read More... What's On “8 artistes et la terre” Exhibition Meet 8 incredible artists who share a deep passion for Ceramics. Claude Champy, Bernard Dejonghe, Philippe Godderidge, Jacqueline Lerat, Michel Muraour,... More Details Essentials Emergency Numbers in Geneva Find out vital information on who to call and what to do in an emergency... Read More... Featured Information Useful Contacts Find out about services and government organisations that play a part in moving to Switzerland. Read more... Setting Up Home Find out how to get power, water and gas turned on and how to get the rubbish removed. Read more... Useful Tools Tell A Friend Have you found AngloINFO helpful? Why not tell your friends about it. If you don't use social media, you can find a simple email form here. Read More... More AngloINFO Worldwide Explore the world of AngloINFO through our 86 regional websites and 40 country websites Read More...  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Safe Internet Policy , Contact , Cookies , Mobile Site . AngloINFO Life in and around Geneva, in English! 2013-08-27 23:33:56 Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! 