  > ARTS  ENTERTAINMENT View Coupon Cart Carmel arts and entertainment is the stuff of lore. In 1910, the San Francisco Call reported that 60 percent of Carmels houses were built by citizens who were devoting their lives to work connected to the aesthetic arts. Today the tradition continues with live music and theater for the masses and bon vivant alike. Carmels venues are historic, including the restored Sunset Theater, the Golden Bough Theater, and the Forest Theater, the first outdoor theater west of the Rockies. PacRep presents Buddy Holly and Friends... In Concert Monte Verde btwn 8th and 9th, Carmel, CA 831-622-0100 | website This summer marks the long awaited return of Travis Poelle, as the iconic “Buddy Holly”, in a new tribute concert featuring the classic hits of not... [more] Buy 1 General Admission Thursday Night Ticket Get... Click for Coupon Performing Arts Calendar Carmel-by-the-Sea (831) 624-2522 | website For upcoming performing arts in Carmel-by-the-Sea, see the annual Performing Arts Calendar on this website.Sunset Center: 831-620-2048 /... [more] Performing Arts Calendar Click for Coupon SPECIAL HOTEL OFFERS! Click here for exclusive offers at Carmel hotels, inns and BBs. Carmel Plaza's Summer Live Music Series Enjoy great music, wine and food every Friday from 5-7pm from now through September. Click for details! Exclusive Restaurant Offers Save with special restaurant offers at a selection of Carmel hot spots! Find us on Facebook and YouTube City of Carmel-By-The-Sea | Carmel Chamber of Commerce Carmel Accommodations - Carmel Hotels - Carmel Inns - Carmel Bed  Breakfasts - Carmel Restaurants - Carmel Bars - Carmel Shopping - Carmel Art Galleries - Carmel Spas - Carmel Salons - Carmel Entertainment - Carmel, California'S Jewel City - Carmel, Famous Artist Colony - Carmel, World Renowned Destination - Carmel Celebrity Lifestyle - Carmel Girlfriends Getaway - Most Pet-Friendly City - Carmel Dog Calendar - Acclaimed Carmel Performing Arts - Carmel Fairytale Weddings - Carmel Incentive Travel and Retreats Copyright  2006-2013, City of Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, All Rights Reserved. 