   Arts And Entertainment Insider Info     Wednesday, September 26, 2012 TV Entertainment Hosts Serve The Community A question I am often asked is, How can I become a Host? Now thats a loaded question. The question should be hellip;Do I have what it takes to become a host? What are the core technical skills and values you need to have in order to become a host? Its as simple as the three Ts. Do you have the three Ts? These are THINK. TALK.TEACH. THINK FAST. Do you think fast? What I mean by that is... can you visually recognize see text and process text with speed and talk out the ideas in a conversational manner? You see, this is something that great hosts have in common. They process their thoughts very quickly. They think visually; they think in bullet points. They see text in whole phrases not just word-by-word. They see whats ahead but are present to the moment at the same time. Now this skill cannot be developed overnight. It takes time. If you are a fast, natural talker, you have it. You process pretty quickly. If you speak slowly, you process in an even, methodical, measured way. This does not mean if you process slowly or speak slowly that you cannot become a TV Host. Those who speak too fast and slush their words together need to work on their speech as well. So the key is to process quickly and speak in a controlled manner by punching words, adding inflection when you are going from one point of the story to another, and using diction to sound clear by leaving a space in between each word. Now, the next T-Core Value or Technique is TALK. Do you speak quickly and briskly? Do you have great diction and speed so you sound clear, concise and smart? Do you speak so fast you slur your words together? Or,do you speak too slowly for TV? Now speaking quickly does not mean talking fast. It means to talk with urgency, excitement and energy but it also means to speak with precise clarity. This type of clear, fast communication works brilliantly on television. Clear communication with energy is the key to sounding like a pro on TV. Its a skill that is developed over time. Repetitive reading text aloud can help accelerate the think and talk process. You see, speaking for the camera or TV HOSTING is a MIND, MOUTH and BODY CONNECTION. When these are aligned properly, then and only then are you really a host. Most of the time I spend with clients is teaching them verbal mastery, connecting their mind (thinking) with their mouth (talking) and their body (teaching heart). Lets move on to T-Core Value #3: TEACH. As TV Hosts we are Teachers. We like to teach the world. We are leaders. So if you like to explain process, if you like to give directions and help people than this is the career for you. Provided that you have the other T-skills mentioned above. Passion for learning and teaching is a must when becoming a speaker or host. Having a passion to pass on information is of great importance. Having the passion and curiosity to want to draw out information from people also helps when you are interviewing people. All of this passion for passing information, informing the public, teaching them... is a core value for TV HOSTING. In then end, when you think about TV Hosts they are community servers. They serve the community daily weekly monthly. We are a core necessity in society. To transfer the news, create order on a game show, or help you pick out the coolest gift on QVC, its all community service. We serve the public with a smile... and hopefully, get paid while we do it. ---------------------------------------------------- Master Talent Teachers is an award-winning team of top entertainment industry teaching professionals providing FREE valuable videos, insider tips and products to empower your craft and career! For even more valuable information Go to = http://www.mastertalentteachers.com now and watch FREE in-depth videos. EasyPublish this article: http://submityourarticle.com/articles/easypublish.php?art_id=294132 Posted by Arica Green at 5:10 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook  No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Followers Blog Archive   2013 (526)   August (70)    July (75)    June (76)    May (82)    April (47)    March (48)    February (53)    January (75)  2012 (1651)   December (84)    November (78)    October (83)  September (100) Personalized Magnets For Business Use Cleaning Your Songs Using Customized Mugs For Promotion How To Find Wall Art For Kids Commercial Auditions: Insider Tips Battlestar Galactica Online Is Recruiting Millions... Dixie Chicken And Little Feat Wedding Photography: Moments Treasured For Decades... Decorate Your Home Bar By Using Canvas Wall Art Steps To Ignite Your Acting Career With Kevin Urba... The Many Genres of Music People Who Have Received Great Deals On Online Ent... Psychological Priming and Subliminal Perception: H... A Novices Manual: Ideas For Choosing Cross Stitch... Getting Married In An Astounding College: Wedding ... Creating Custom Blankets Ideas For A Customized Gift Picaroons And Bucanners Alike Can Navigate The Bri... TV Entertainment Hosts Serve The Community Round Area Rugs - How To Get The Right One, At The... Sleeping with the Television On? Why Not Put it Aw... Have A Different Gel Polish For Any Of Your Dispos... Lots Of Ways To Make Custom Shower Curtains Can You Name The Best Nail Polish That Is Your Abs... How To Make A Tutu And Hair Bows Just Got Easier W... Edmund Fitzgerald and Carl D. Bradley Shipwrecks L... Singing For Joy And Profit Make Your Own Design: Regardless Of Your Artistic ... The Best Way To Learn Piano The Power Of Magic To Transform People Into Intere... Show Your Pooch You Care With Personalized Dog Tag... Sookie Stackhouse (Book 12) Along With Other Morta... Creating Custom Shower Curtains For A Distinctive ... Intergalactic Missions And Space Battles Are Relis... Dance Industry Professionals Customized Playing Cards: Uses And Benefits I Was Delighted To Find A Website For Great Ghana ... Things You Should Know About Playing Cards The Truth About Reality Shows The Many Genres of Movies Jackson Pollock All Through The Eyes Of A Professional: Photos Tha... The Two Best Ways To Use Social Media For Your Bus... Strategies On How To Get Great Looking Photos Getting the Right Tattoo for You Make Your Own Gift - 3 Unique Gift Ideas For The H... Get Up Stand Up How to Write Song Lyrics How To Be The Life Of Any Party How You Can Bring up Creative And Active Children:... Good Ideas For The Use Of Personalized Calendars Why Is Disney So Successful? Make Your Own Gift: It Can Be Great Fun And Its V... How To Tap Into Your Own Personal Creative Genuis... Play A Space Game To Enjoy Yourself In Your Free T... So Many Uses For Personalized Magnets My New Floor Just Seemed So Bare Until I Got A Br... How To Design Your Own IPhone Case At Home Wedding Photographers: A Memorable Once-In-A-Lifet... How Shag Area Rugs Can Add Character To Any Room? How Many Televisions Should You Have? How To Start An Acapella Group Wall Decals: Brighten Your Existence Web Based Shipping Options For Custom Furniture Keep Your Toes Looking Pretty This Summer With Gel... Kids Room Rugs - How To Buy The Right One, At The ... Multipurpose Personalized Buttons Ideas For Photo Handbags Floral Wall Art To Adorn Your Home A Unique Way To Make Your Child Love Music Easy Card Games Anyone Can Absorb Make Your Own Stickers For Labels Or For Fun Increasing The Holiday Cheer With Customized Ornam... Make Your Own Custom Shower Curtains Personalized Dog Tags: Keeping Your Dog Safe Uses For Customized Playing Cards For A Truly Unique Gift You Need To Make Your Own ... Gel Nail Polish Is Revising The Way We Show Off Ou... Easy Card Games For Everybody In The Household Mexicos Celebrities In Puerto Vallarta What You Need to Know to Buy DJ Gear and Systems Buying a Cheap Acoustic Guitar Guide for Buying DJ Equipment and Systems Types Of Personalized Watches And Factors To Consi... Learn To Sing Art Education And Its Social Context Uses Of Customized Mugs How To Take Care Of Your Antique Furniture Investing In The Volatile World Of Art Inside The Industry With Casting Director Billy Da... Networking: Expanding Relationships in Hollywood Two Important Things To Do Before Applying To Art ... How To Make Your Own Gift: The Easy Way All About Ringtones All The Lives Of Florence Henderson Great Known Works Of Art In The World Get Your Creation To Life By Means Of Online Origa... The Playing Cards We Love And Enjoy So Much How To Make Your Own Stickers Important Steps For Starting An Epic MMO Game Acco...   August (83)    July (69)    June (70)    May (160)    April (262)    March (388)    February (177)    January (97)    2011 (204)   December (107)    November (92)    October (5)  About Me Arica Green Hi I'm Arica. I like to add some interesting articles and news on acne, dark spots, hyperpigmentation, old scars, melasma, freckles, uneven skin tones, and acne marks. View my complete profile   Ethereal template. Powered by Blogger .  