 Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Menu Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Squidoo  Close Home  Parenting  Kids  Toddlers Best Convertible Car Seat 2013 Review  by hhmarketing100  I'm a stay-at-home Mother of 4 who is passionate about her kids, writing, reading, and anything technology related. Feel free to leave me a comment or...   more  (function($) { window.show_more_lm_bio = function() {  $.get('/lensmaster/ajax_lens_bio/top-convertible-car-seat', function(html) { $('.lm_bio_con').html(html);  }); } })(jQuery);   1 Comment  Which Convertible Car Seat is    How Could We Improve Our Artic  Like 24  Pin It  Ranked #224 in Parenting  Kids , #6,524 overall  Top Rated Rear and Forward Facing Convertible Car Seats 2013 As a Mother of four children I've had quite a lot of experience with car seats - the good, the bad, and of course, the ugly. There are a lot of reasons to use a converible or all-in-one car seat. One reason that I've used them in the past is simply because I tend to have tall babies. This can present problems for car seats that are simply made for babies. Another reason is that you can save quite a bit of money over the 4 main stages; rear facing down, rear-facing up, forward-facing up, and then forward-facing up in a booster. Also, if you have a small or compact car and are able to fit an infant carrier in the back, then you shouldn't have any problem fitting a convertible car seat in your car. Contents at a Glance  Top Rated Britax Convertible Car Seat 20...   Latest Britax Convertible Car Seats 2013   Best Convertible Car Seat 2013   Best 3-in-1 Convertible Car Seats for 20...   New Convertible Car Seat   Best Convertible Car Seat 2013 More Contents at a Glance Top Rated Britax Convertible Car Seat 20... Latest Britax Convertible Car Seats 2013 Best Convertible Car Seat 2013 Best 3-in-1 Convertible Car Seats for 20... New Convertible Car Seat Best Convertible Car Seat 2013 New Convertible Car Seats 2013 Best Convertible Car Seat Under $100 Which Convertible Car Seat is the Best? How Could We Improve Our Article? Related Lenses and Rating Information fo... Less  Top Rated Britax Convertible Car Seat 2013 Britax Marathon 70-G3  As a parent, my child's safety is my number one concern-especially in the car. Britax is by far the leading manufacturer of convertible car seats right now, and for good reason. All of their seats are jam-packed with safety features, and the Britax Marathon is no exception. It's a little pricey, but I consider buying a car seat to be an investment in my child's safety. The Britax Marathon protects your child in five ways. First, it keeps the child inside the car. Second, it slows down the child's body in the event of a crash. Next, it keeps your child's movement in an accident to a minimum. It deflects the forces of the crash away from your child, and lastly, it keeps your child's brain and spinal cord safe. It accomplishes all of this with a combination of features; the most important ones are its SafeCell technology, which absorbs the impact of the crash and reduces the forward motion of the seat; its Versa-Tether anchors, which are made of an advanced webbed material to further reduce the child's forward rotation; and the seat's side impact protection, which features an EPP lining in the seat's shell that absorbs energy around the child's head and chest in a side-impact accident. The Britax Marathon's high price is balanced by its high-quality materials, like the EPP lining and webbed tethers that I mentioned above, as well as integrated steel bars within the seat. The Marathon should be used in the rear-facing position for children between 5-40 pounds; in the forward-facing position, it can hold a child up to 70 pounds. Britax Marathon 70-G3 Convertible Car Seat  Latest Britax Convertible Car Seats 2013 In Order of Popularity  Best Convertible Car Seat 2013 Safety First Alpha Omega Elite 3 in 1 Convertible Car Seat  A lot of convertible car seats can be used in two positions: rear-facing and front-facing. The Safety First Alpha Omega Elite 3 in 1 can do one better-it can be used in three positions: rear-facing, front-facing, and as a belt-positioning booster seat. That means it could be the only car seat you have to buy for your child-it will support him from when he weighs five pounds until he weighs 100 pounds! The Alpha Omega Elite features ProTech EPP energy-absorbing foam in its cushioning-EPP foam is quickly becoming the standard in safety for car seats across the board. It also has a five-point harness, which is really an important feature to have; five-point harnesses keep a child much safer than the old three-point ones did, simply because they hold the child down in more places. Any kid would hate to be put into an uncomfortable car seat-wouldn't you?-but that's not a worry with the Safety First Alpha Omega Elite. In the rear-facing position, you can choose from three reclining positions for your infant, and the seat includes an infant head support. The head rest has four positions, so it can grow with your child. The seat also has a removable cup holder for your child's sippy cup. And I love that it features pivoting armrests; armrests are great for when your child is in the seat, but they only get in the way when you're trying to wrestle your child out of his seat, so it's great that these armrests can be moved out of the way. The Safety First Alpha Omega Elite 3 in 1 can be used in the rear-facing position for babies from five to 35 pounds, forward-facing for a child weighing between 22 and 40 pounds, and as a belt-positioning booster for a child weighing from 40 to 100 pounds. Remember that your child's height should also be taken into account when you're thinking about changing his car seat position. Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible Car Seat  Best 3-in-1 Convertible Car Seats for 2013 Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat Safety 1st All-in-One Convertible Car Seat New Convertible Car Seat Diono RadianR100 Convertible Car Seat  The Diono RadianR100 Convertible Car Seat has some good points. It combines some of the best features of other good seats. You can use it in three different positions, rather than two- rear-facing for an infant weighing five to 40 pounds; forward-facing from 20 to 65 pounds; and as a booster up to 100 pounds. Its frame is made of steel, and the sides are reinforced with aluminum, which is a sturdier construction than you'll find in some of the cheaper convertible car seats. In the front- and rear-facing positions, the seat has five shoulder strap positions and three buckle positions, so it can grow with your child for a long time. It also has a SafeStrap harness that will absorb some of the impact in an accident, and EPS foam padding on the sides of the seat. Unfortunately, the Diono RadianR100 has one mark against it: it has a three-point harness, rather than a five-point harness. Technically, a three-point harness does meet safety standards, and it will be effective in most car accidents. But a five-point harness has been shown to be even more effective, so consider that before purchasing this seat. The RadianR100 has one feature that's pretty cool: it folds nearly flat, to a height of about eight inches. That makes it easy to take this seat through airport security-it sits easily on the x-ray conveyor belt. Also, when it's folded flat, you can use the car seat's straps as straps for an adult to carry it around backpack-style. That would be another great feature in an airport, or anywhere that you'd need to carry the seat along with you. Diono RadianR100 Convertible Car Seat  Best Convertible Car Seat 2013 The First Years True Fit Recline Convertible Car Seat  I've never seen another car seat quite like the First Years True Fit Recline. First off, the recline feature makes it look comfortable enough that I wish they made these in my size. And it's easier to use than other convertible seats-in fact, it got five stars for ease of use from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. For example, rethreading the straps on a car seat when your child grows is usually a huge hassle. But The First Years assures the customer that not only does it have a no-rethread harness, but it also has color-coded belt paths for when you install the seat in your car. Adjusting the angle of the seat when it's rear-facing versus forward-facing is very important for safety, and the True Fit Recline has an easy-to-read indicator for just that purpose. Unlike some car seats in a similar price range, the First Years True Fit Recline convertible car seat can only be used rear-facing or front-facing; it does not also have a booster seat capability. So the weight range for this seat is narrower than that of other seats-it can be used for a child weighing from five to 35 pounds in the rear-facing position, and in the front-facing position from 35 to 65 pounds. Depending on your child's height, though, you may only need those two positions before your child can graduate to a regular seat belt. The First Years True Fit SI C680 has a couple more features that make it very convenient to use. It has an easy-to-release removable head rest, which gives the driver of your car more leg room when the car seat behind him is in the rear-facing position. Also, the padding snaps right off if you need to clean it. With all of these features for comfort and ease-of-use, you may be wondering about safety features, but don't worry-it comes with some great safety features as well, like a five-point harness and substantial side wings. This seat also meets international standards for side-impact crash testing. The First Years True Fit SI C680 Car Seat  New Convertible Car Seats 2013 Diono RadianR100 Convertible Car Seat Britax Marathon 70-g3 Convertible Car Seat  Best Convertible Car Seat Under $100 Graco ComfortSport Convertible Car Seat  The Graco ComfortSport Convertible Car Seat is an inexpensive, basic seat that is great for families on a budget. It comes with just the basic features, but don't worry-it still meets all of the national safety standards. For example, this seat can be used as a rear-facing or a front-facing car seat, but it does not convert to a booster. In the rear-facing position, it can be used with children weighing five to 35 pounds; in the front-facing position, children from 20 to 40 pounds can ride in it. It uses EPS foam, which is generally the standard in foam for car seats; it absorbs energy well in an impact, which helps protect your child from injury. It comes with a head support for infants, which can be removed once the baby grows out of it. And it also has a level indicator to help parents install the seat correctly. The ComfortSport does have a five-point harness, which is better than the three-point harness that sometimes appears in other car seats at this price point. The seat's cover can be removed for washing, which is always a relief to parents. It also comes with a cup holder, but to be honest, I've never seen a convertible seat that didn't come with one. Parents love sippy-cup holders, after all-anything to help little ones stay happy in the back seat. Speaking of keeping little ones happy, I like that this seat also rides a little higher than some other seats-that means more hassle getting the child into the seat, but it's easier for the child to see out the window. Graco ComfortSport Convertible Car Seat Which Convertible Car Seat is the Best? Who Makes the Best Convertible Car Seat?  Britax Graco Diono Safety 1st The First Years Recaro Evenflo Combi USA Vote Show the poll results Add a Comment Follow Post as Share to: Alert message Post as Cancel Ă Follow Post as Share to:  How Could We Improve Our Article? Add Comment  Reply JengoJengo  Mar 16, 2013 @ 3:13 pm | delete  Nice lens. I think the most important thing for me is if the seat cover is easily removable for washing!  Show All Comments  Related Lenses and Rating Information for 2013  24 Like  by hhmarketing100 I'm a stay-at-home Mother of 4 who is passionate about her kids, writing, reading, and anything technology related. Feel free to leave me a comment or... more 108 featured lenses Winner of 33 trophies ! Top lens  Best Flip Phones of 2013 Feeling creative? Create a Lens! Explore related pages The Ultimate Book Reading List 2013   Best Bikes for Girls 2013 - Toddlers to Under 12   Best Women's Bikes Reviews 2013   Best Flat Iron for Curly Thick Hair 2013   Best New Books for Women to Read in 2013 - Top Selling   Chicco Nextfit Convertible Car Seat Review and Price  Related Tags Car Seats toddlers toddlers car seat baby car seat hhmarketing100 more... TOS Originality Pact About Us SquidooHQ Charity Report Abuse Feedback  Bugs Subscribe Copyright  2013, Squidoo, LLC and respective copyright owners This page and all the pages on Squidoo generate income for lensmasters and charities based on affiliate relationships with our partners, including Amazon, Google, eBay and others. Have fun.    Notify me by email when new comments are added. Enter Your Name  to post as a vistor or Login Email Address: Post Comment Cancel  