 26548 Chippendale Avenue  Northfield, MN 55057  Hours: M-F 8am-5pm (800)657-4912  Local: (651)460-6166  Fax: (651)460-8444  Viking Auto Salvage is your source for import and domestic auto parts for cars and light trucks in Minneapolis, MN, St. Paul, MN and Northfield, MN. Our modern stateoftheart automotive recycling facility processes thousands of parts vehicles each year for a steady supply of recycled auto parts from 1990 to the present. We also purchase wrecked and junk cars and light trucks for top dollar and provide quotes by telephone or email. We have over 100,000 parts in our computerized inventory. Our Northfield, MN location has over 80,000 square feet of indoor space and over 30 acres of outdoor storage in our salvage yard. Come to Viking Auto Salvage for one of the largest inventories of recycled, new OEM and new aftermarket auto parts anywhere. Browse our online inventory to find the automotive parts you need at affordable prices or visit our Northfield, MN showroom, which is convenient to Minneapolis, MN and St. Paul, MN. Whether you are looking for a used engine, used transmission or other salvage parts, you will find it in our extensive automotive parts inventory. Our recycled parts are available at a fraction of the cost of new parts. At Viking Auto Salvage, we sell quality recycled auto parts. We offer a standard 90 day no hassle warranty on all parts sold and one and two year extended warranties are available. Our area wholesale accounts enjoy FREE delivery. Let Viking be your first choice for quality recycled parts. Home Services Wholesale Buscar Autopartes Yard Tour About Us Contact Us FAQ Maps  Sell Us Your Vehicle!  We want your wrecked or junk car or truck! Bring it in, or we will pick it up for you. We pay top dollar! Call or email us for a quote.  Specials Search Home | Multi-Part Search | Search by Images | Buscar Autopartes | Services | Wholesale | Cut Sheets | Yard Tour About Us | Contact Us | FAQ | Maps | Privacy Policy | Returns | Warranty | New Parts | Used Parts | OEM Parts | Aftermarket Parts | Auto Recycling Parts Designed by Dolphin Micro | Admin 