 ENTERTAINMENT MAGAZINE NEWS The Most Recent Culture, Art, Fashion and Tv Magazine News Home Contact Privacy Policy  previous next Duck Dynasty Robertson Subscribe to RSS Categories Arts Celebrity Dance Fashion Money Movies Music Tv Populer Magazine News perception blonde lady yacht honor charter cost how much to charter boat honor maurice white net worth ballerine t peck jase robertsons daughter mia below deck show price to rent the yacht How much is the below deck cruise cost jep robertson bravo below deck yacht charter cost Advertising eukhost promotional code Blogroll festkjoler spolocenske saty Christian Magdu joins the ranks of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (The Emmys) December 7th, 2012 Tweet Tweet It’s official! Swedish actor Christian Magdu is one of the latest additions to the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences (ATAS) member roster (in the field of Performers) . This highly selective group of television industry players is based on current, active members referring and endorsing a new candidate, plus that candidates need for a rather extensive body of work. The Academy of TV Arts and Sciences is mostly known for it’s Emmy awards, where excellence in American and foreign television, mini-series or movie made for television is honored each year with statues (the TV equivalent of the Oscars) but is also active in peer groups, QAs, screening and community charity. -          ”It’s a great and very humbling honor to be invited into this group of peers that I have such admiration and respect for”, Christian Magdu says. ”Some of my favorite stories are told today on television, in shows like Showtime’s Homeland and HBO’s Game of Thrones and Boardwalk Empire.” Christian Magdu is currently shooting a TV-pilot tentatively called Untitled Greek Project, a mockumentary style show in the vein of Sacha Baron Cohen’s Ali G and Borat. Christian Magdu is repped by Peter Strain  Associates and Zero Gravity Management. For more info visit www.christianmagdu.com or e-mail press@christianmagdu.com . Incoming search terms: is jase robertson daughter cleft jase robertson hair lip does Mia on duck dynasty have a clef pilot? does jase kid on duck dynasty have a clef pilot what duck dynasty child has a clef pilot Related posts: Motion Picture Academy to Begin Presidential Succession Process Dance Review: DanceAfrica at the Brooklyn Academy of Music The Hot List | Art: ‘The Clock,’ by Christian Marclay, Comes to Lincoln Center Television: ‘The Newsroom,’ Aaron Sorkin’s Return to TV Emmy Anticipation Runs High for PBS Television Review: ‘Mariachi High,’ Part of PBS Arts Summer Festival 2012 Dance Review: Compagnie 111 at the Brooklyn Academy of Music Television: ‘Vikings’ Made in Ireland, ‘Thrones’ in Northern Ireland Leave a Reply Name (required) Email (required) (not shown) Website Filled Under: Celebrity , Tv  Magazine News 