  Make MSN NZ your homepage Outlook.com Skype Jobs Real estate Dating   Entertainment find Real estate Dating @ Match Jobs @ SEEK Tickets @ Ticketek going out What's on Dating Restaurant Finder Buy tickets Movie guide Naomi Watts worried about Diana role Ricky Martin: 'I used to bully gay people' Newton-John’s daughter cocaine addict Separated? Khloe K hits back at rumours Brooke Shields labels Miley 'desperate' Gaga defends One Direction after boos  Home Latest news Celebrity gossip Celebrity Videos Celebrity Pictures Music NZ Music Music Events Ticketek Movies Movie Trailers Hoyts TV VIRAL FIX Games Events Top celebrities One Direction Beyonce Britney Spears Justin Bieber Kate Middleton Katy Perry Kim Kardashian Lady Gaga Miley Cyrus Rihanna Selena Gomez Galleries Video   xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%'  Posted: 9 months ago by  TheFIX  0 comments       Rated:   |   One Direction mobbed by fan  A seething, zombie-like horde of One Direction fans left Liam Payne shaken and mildly injured after he stepped off the plane at London's Heathrow Airport. Liam came off second best when the band was cornered in a car park. A fan managed to grab him by the arm, leaving Liam with a nice war wound. Naturally, this was perfect Twitter fodder, so Liam hopped on and recounted the experience. "The awkward moment when a girl gives you a Chinese burn in the airport," Liam tweeted. "My scratch is that bad I think I might just have to cut my arm off." Despite his witticisms, the star genuinely was shaken up, it appears. "That was actually horrible I literally wanted to cry and all those people shouting s--- at us and we even tried to stop so s--," he recounted. Such is the price of fame, Liam. I'm sure you guys can spin this into some kind of One Direction-branded bandage deal! "Band-Aid" indeed! Zayn Malik , on the other hand, was so frustrated he punched an innocent car before hopping into his ride and taking off. Someone somewhere now has Zayn's fist-print imprinted in their car hood. Who says cars never go up in value! What a collector's item!   More about one direction Liam Payne   Previous Story   'Heartbroken': Kim Kardashian's kitten dies   Next Story   Rihanna uploads nude selfies in front of a fireplace  Write a comment Email: * Your email will not be shared with any third parties or published with your comment. Nickname: * Location: * Title: * Comment: * Maximum characters 1000 * Indicates required field Preview your content  Please note: All reviews and comments submitted are subject to moderation, NineMSN reserves the right to alter and / or remove any content that does not comply with usage guidelines.  User comments   Working ...  Write a comment Email: * Your email will not be shared with any third parties or published with your comment. Nickname: * Location: * Title: * Comment: * Maximum characters 1000  * Indicates required field Preview your content  Please note: All reviews and comments submitted are subject to moderation, NineMSN reserves the right to alter and / or remove any content that does not comply with usage guidelines. Comment guidelines > View full guidelines  Avoid using: Personal attacks Irrelevant comments HTML tags Personal information Offensive language Text in ALL CAPITAL LETTERS comment guidelines X Thank you for sharing your opinions with other users of NineMSN. People will  find your comments more helpful if you include relevant information and avoid some  common pitfalls.  Please note: All reviews and comments submitted are subject to moderation, NineMSN reserves the right to alter and / or remove any content that does not comply with usage guidelines. What to include in your comment: A title that briefly summarizes the opinion expressed in the comment. Additional comments adding more detail. Comparisons to other similar products, if this is relevant. To create a new paragraph, press the Enter key twice. What not to include: Information that will quickly go out of date. Comments on other comments or commenters. Language that other users may find offensive. comments of one sentence or less. Provide information to support your opinion. Personal information like your email address or telephone number. HTML coding. Tags like b or i will not be recognized.  Working ...  Stars react: Miley's VMA performance! Celebs that've been fired!  PROMOTION The drama is hotting up on Devious Maids ! Watch brand new episodes of the sizzling drama on TV2 and TVNZ Ondemand. 5 EXCLUSIVE: Kim Kardashian and Kanye ready for baby #2...just waiting for all clear from docs! Aug 27 2013 10:09AM It’s been less than three months since Kim Kardashian gave birth to baby North but she and Kanye are already discussing baby number two. Read full story Video content loading... please wait. GALLERIES Celeb reactions to Miley's shock VMA show Behind the scenes: The Almighty Johnsons Red carpet: MTV Video Music Awards Celebrity fathers and their famous kids Guess the 1D star from his baby pic! ninemsn: CelebrityFix Spotted > More pics Vanessa Hudgens sports a brocade black and gold dress at the charity event in Beverly Hills. MORE CELEBRITY GALLERIES Celeb reactions to Miley's shock VMA show Behind the scenes: The Almighty Johnsons Red carpet: MTV Video Music Awards latest video Matthew Morrison and Fiancé Waiting To Get Married latest video Matthew Morrison and Fiancé Waiting To Get Married Ed Sheeran Denounces Sex Symbol Status, Says Women 'Mother' Him Ricky Martin Admits to Bullying Gay Men as Former Internalized Homophobe latest video Amanda Seyfried shocks in Lovelace trailer  ENTERTAINMENT STRIP 2013 MTV Video Music Awards winners list! Aug 26 2013 2:14PM Justin Timberlake, Pink and Taylor Swift were all winners on the night - who else took home a coveted Moonman? Find out here! Read full story Guess the 1D star from his baby pic! Lady Gaga promises huge MTV VMAs performance Aug 23 2013 7:18AM Lady Gaga has hinted her MTV Video Music Awards performance this weekend will be more avant-garde and challenging than ever before. Read full story The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones " title="Review: The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones " border="0" align="middle"> Review: The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones Aug 26 2013 7:54AM When her mother mysteriously vanishes, Clary (Lily Collins) is dragged into an alternate New York filled with vampires, werewolves and warlocks. Read full story Check out the latest gallery from EntertainmentFix Insta-nudes! They get their gear off in music videos, photo shoots and films - but these flesh-flashing celebs can't seem to get enough nakey action! MSN NZ Home News Headlines Sport News NZ Weather Celebrity Fashion & Food Careers Video  1997 - 2013 MSN New Zealand Ltd - All rights reserved Terms of Use Privacy policy Advertise on MSN NZ Help Contact Us 