  SiteCatalyst code version: H.25.4.Copyright 1996-2011 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com  Subscribe PN eNewsletters Welcome, Guest | Login | Register Home News Processor News Injection molding Blow molding Film  Sheet Pipe/Profile/Tubing Rotomolding Thermoforming Recycling Suppliers Machinery Materials Molds/Tooling Product News Design End Markets Automotive Packaging Medical Consumer Products Construction SustainabilityPublic Policy More News Mergers  Acquisitions Sustainability Public Policy Multimedia Material Insights Videos 17th POY Award Videos K 2013 - NEW FYI Charts Current FYI Automotive Packaging Machinery Materials Molds / Tooling Recycling Processors Miscellaneous Opinion Opinion News The Plastics Blog Viewpoint Perspective Mailbag Events  Awards Upcoming Events All PN Events Industry Events Webcasts  Webinars Webcast Archives Webinar Archives Awards Processor of the Year Best Places to Work 2014 Resin Pricing Resin Pricing All Resins Commodity TPs High Temp TPs ETPs Thermosets Recycled Plastics CME Group HDPE Futures CME Group LLDPE Futures CME Group Polypropylene Futures Rankings  Lists Rankings  Lists All Injection Molders Blow Molders Film  Sheet Thermoformers Pipe/Profile/Tubing Rotomolders Mold/Toolmakers Executive Pay Recyclers Plastic Lumber - List Compounders - List Associations - List Classifieds Classified Ads change weekly! To Place an Ad - call 800-770-2801 or CLICK HERE View All Classified Ads Sign up for Early Classifieds by email   Classifieds    Recruitment  Equipment  Materials  Business Opportunities  Tooling and Moldmaking  Services  Auxiliary Equipment    Data Store Directory Advertisement  Automotive RSS Albis opens compounding plant in China August 27, 2013 3:41 pm ET Hamburg, Germany-based compounder Albis Plastic GmbH has opened its first plant in China, in Changshu, with a capacity of 10,000 metric tons annually. Germany's ZF discusses sale of rubber and plastics unit to Chinese firm August 26, 2013 3:00 pm ET ZF Friedrichshafen AG, Germanys third largest automotive supplier and among the top 10 worldwide, has confirmed reports that it is in the early stages of discussions to sell its rubber and plastics (RP) department.A local newspaper Neue Osnabrcker Zeitung (NOZ), revealed Aug. 22 that ZF is looking "very closely" at a specific... Surging auto market spurs supply-chain worries August 22, 2013 2:10 pm ET TRAVERSE CITY, MICH.  The good news for the North American auto industry is that vehicle production is not only up, but the expectation is that production will continue to increase during the coming years. That's also the  well, if not ... Injection molder MCG Plastics expanding in Michigan August 22, 2013 2:07 pm ET Custom injection molder MCG Plastics Inc. is expanding floor space in its Bay City, Mich., plant. Injection molder Electri-Tec expanding in Indiana August 21, 2013 1:05 pm ET Electri-Tec LLC , a manufacturer of electrical equipment, is adding 15,000 square feet of space and will nearly double the size of its Angola, Ind., facility, according to its President Dan Khorshid. Altair Enlighten Award honors lightweighting efforts August 20, 2013 3:54 pm ET TRAVERSE CITY, MICH.  When Altair Engineering Inc. decided to sponsor an award for automotive lightweighting efforts, it hoped the competition would draw attention from throughout the industry. The inaugural Altair Enlighten Award did just... Altair Enlighten Award honors lightweighting efforts August 20, 2013 3:39 pm ET TRAVERSE CITY, MICH.  When Altair Engineering Inc. decided to sponsor an award for automotive lightweighting efforts, it hoped the competition would draw attention from throughout the industry. The inaugural Altair Enlighten Award did just... Carmakers ready to hire again, but laid-off workers have moved on August 19, 2013 2:12 pm ET TRAVERSE CITY, MICH.  Automakers are looking to add jobs. Lots of jobs. With unemployment nationally topping 8 percent, it seems like it would be easy to fill those positions. But Ford's Jim Tetreault, vice president North America... Carcoustics to set up Slovak car parts plant August 19, 2013 1:54 pm ET LEVERKUSEN, GERMANY  German manufacturer Carcoustics is planning to start producing automotive parts at its new factory in Nov鉊ky, Slovakia. PET bottle resin prices take surprise tumble August 19, 2013 1:24 pm ET AKRON, OHIO  A surprise price reduction for North American PET bottle resin is featured in this week's Material Insights video. Also this week, we report a pair of international compounding expansions, as well as news that compounder RheTech...  PET bottle resin prices take surprise tumble August 19, 2013 1:24 pm ET AKRON, OHIO  A surprise price reduction for North American PET bottle resin is featured in this week's Material Insights video. Also this week, we report a pair of international compounding expansions, as well as news that compounder RheTech... Next Page >>  Advertisement Advertisement Upcoming Plastics News Events September 16, 2013 - September 18, 2013 Plastics Caps & Closures 2013 November 12, 2013 - November 14, 2013 Plastics Building Innovations 2013 Conference More Events Newsletters Select from the list below to subscribe to customized Plastics News e-mail news alerts. Check the options you wish to receive. View samples of all eNewsletters  PN Daily Report PN Daily Report (Monday-Friday) Stories and multimedia news posted during the past 24 hours on PlasticsNews.com. PN Breaking News PN Breaking News (As it happens) Stories and major breaking news related to the plastics industry as covered by PlasticsNews.com. Material Insights Material Insights (Monthly) Discussion of events and factors impacting resin pricing and resin price futures. Materials Alert Materials Alert (Friday) News related to materials, resin price changes before they are published in the newspaper, and price history of selected resin. Sustainability Sustainability (Thursday) News related to sustainability issues in the worldwide plastics industry. PN China ReportPN China Report (Wednesday)From PNChina.com, news related to the plastics industry in China. Film & Sheet Film & Sheet (Every other Tuesday) News related to film, sheet, and packaging markets worldwide. New Products New Products (Every other Wednesday) The latest news about new products in the plastics industry. Automotive Automotive (Every other Monday) Automotive OEM and plastic component manufacturer news. Injection Tooling Injection Tooling (Monthly) News related to injection molding equipment and mold-making. Recycling Recycling (Wednesday) News related to recycling and reprocessing of plastics resins and materials. Medical Report Medical Report (Wednesday) News and events coverage related to medical/surgical device & equipment manufacturing and medical product packaging. Mergers/Acquisitions Mergers & Acquisitions (Every other Tuesday) The latest news and mergers & acquisitions in the plastics industry. Industry Events Industry Events (Monthly pre-event, daily during event) Exclusive pre-event news coverage as well as up-to-the-minute reporting from industry events such as K Show, ChinaPlas and NPE. Rigid Packaging Rigid Packaging (Monthly) News related to rigid packaging products, materials and processing.  More Newsletters Most Popular Most Read Most Commented Lawsuits expose bitter feelings between Schad and Husky NASA to take first 3-D printer into outer space Snyder closing Colorado rotomolding plant Cable tie maker expands in Florida Saint-Gobain introduces bio-based, phthalate-free lab tubing  Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Entire contents copyright 2013 Crain Communications Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Terms  Conditions | Privacy Policy Subscribe Services Add/Edit Subscription Website Registration Email Newsletter Tools & Resources Site Map About Us Reprints Media Kit Processor of the Year Award Premium Content Resin Pricing Rankng  Lists Data  Products Market Reports Supplier Directory Social Media On Facebook On Twitter On LinkedIn Contact Us Editorial Advertising/Sales Digital Media Staff Affiliates Plastics News China European Plastics News Plastics  Rubber Weekly Automotive News Crain Publications  