  Tuesday, August 27, 2013      Business News U.S. and World News Advertising and Marketing Aerospace and Aviation Agriculture and Farming Apple, Mac, iPod and iPhone Auction and Online Auctions Auto and Motorsports Banking and Finance Beauty Products Boating, Marine and Maritime Business Communication Arts Compliance Training and Seminars Computing Construction and Building Corporate Social Responsibility - CSR Defense and Military Drug Rehabilitation Education and Schools Electronics Employment, HR and Outsourcing Energy, Oil, Gas and Solar Entertainment Environment and Ecology Facilities and Building Maintenance Family, Parenting and Children Food and Beverages General Editorial Global Aid and Disaster Relief Government Green Business Health, Diet and Fitness Home and Garden HVAC Heating and Cooling Insurance Internet and Websites Jewelry and Diamond Legal and Law Manufacturing Medical Mining and Metals Mortuary and Cemetery NonProfit and Charities Plastics and Chemicals Police, Fire and Rescue Real Estate Regional Events Religion and Churches Restaurant, Hotel and Hospitality Safety and Security Solutions Sciences SEO Experts Sports and Activities Stamps, Coins and Collectables Taxes and Accounting Telecommunications and VoIP Theme Parks and Attractions Trade Shows, Fairs and Expos Transportation Travel and Tourism US and World History Veterinary, Animals, Pets and Zoos Water and Wastes Webinars Wood and Glass Products U.S. State Newswires Alabama Business Alaska Business Arizona Business Arkansas Business California Business Colorado Business Connecticut Business Delaware Business Florida Business Georgia Business Hawaii Business Idaho Business Illinois Business Indiana Business Iowa Business Kansas Business Kentucky Business Louisiana Business Maine Business Maryland Business Massachusetts Business Michigan Business Minnesota Business Mississippi Business Missouri Business Montana Business Nebraska Business Nevada Business New Hampshire Business New Jersey Business New Mexico Business New York Business North Carolina Business North Dakota Business Ohio Business Oklahoma Business Oregon Business Pennsylvania Business Puerto Rico Business Rhode Island Business South Carolina Business South Dakota Business Tennessee Business Texas Business Utah Business Vermont Business Virginia Business Washington D.C. Business Washington State Business West Virginia Business Wisconsin Business Wyoming Business Video News Releases World Newswires Australia Business Bahamas Business Brazil Business Canada Business China Business Colombia Business Germany Business Honduras Business India Business Israel Business Italy Business Libya Business Mexico Business Netherlands Business Russia Business Singapore Business Spain Business United Kingdom Distribute your news with press release writing and dissemination services from Send2Press Recent Arts and Entertainment News Stories from eNewsChannels.com Distributed by Send2Press For Journalists/Editors Only: to choose the news you wish to receive from Send2Press/PRnetwire by e-mail, please Click Here . Arts and Entertainment News Includes artist news, art gallery news, live theater news, comic book and graphic novel news, beauty pageant news, actor and actress news, anime news, creative writing news, American Entertainment News, and related news stories As of July 1, 2009 this news index is no longer being updated, and has moved to: Communication Arts News Latest News from Send2Press Newswire: Communication Arts Peel to Connect with Pet Industry Players at 2013 PIJAC Shows 'Sailing Through Pinball' opens at the Pacific Pinball Museum August 30, 2013 'The Los Angeles River Flows' Opens in Los Angeles at the Calumet Gallery 7-Data Card Recovery Software Updated with Advanced Photo and Video Recovery Capability Writing Students Replace Fear with Fun in Revamped Workshop Curriculum American Poet Aaron Ozee Nearly Shocks The Nation Next up on Indiegogo: Graphic Tools for the Average Joe Remo Repair MOV delights GoPro Camera users with its ability to fix damaged GoPro Videos New to Jeff Fest Arts and Music Festival is a Juried Fine Art Photography Show presented by Chicago Creative Coalition Nude Pregnant Kim Kardashian 'Fertility Statue' Unveiling in L.A. Leaked 3D Ultrasounds of Kimye and the Duchess of Cambridge: Prenatal Portraits of Celebrity Babies in Upcoming L.A. Unveiling Teenage Author Aaron Ozee Already Within Reach of Poetic Fame 'Merging Harmonies' Opens at the Calumet Gallery in Santa Ana, Calif. Abstractionist Cindy Walton Shares Work in Pecha Kucha Presentation at Green Hill Center Beacon Printing adds new technology from ProSource, expands capabilities Jennifer Balkan and John McCarthy at Eleanor Ettinger Gallery Chelsea May 2 - June 1, 2013 New Release: EaseUS Software Launches the Most Complete and Reliable Memory Card Recovery Software ProSource Names Sean Sullins as Vice President of New Market Development Publishers Newswire announces latest 'Books to Bookmark' List of 10 Interesting New Book Titles from Q1-2013 Remo Software launches an Advanced PSD Repair Tool ProSource Names Kathryn Kendell as Vice President of Marketing MONOPOLY Game 'Comes to Life' in L.A. Exhibit Circus of the Heart: 2D and 3D Converge on the Production of the Largest Contemporary Circus Photo Collection Ever New Horizons Launches Photography and Digital Arts Training 'Edge of Thought' Exhibit Opens at the Calumet Gallery Read More News This Topic | Read More News from Send2Press Newswire First time ever Andy Warhol and Steve Kaufman (teacher and his assistant - student) are having a Pop Art Show in Las Vegas July 4th Thu, 11 Jun 2009, 13:30:05 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander LAS VEGAS, Nev. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Centaur Art Galleries is pleased to present the art work of Andy Warhol, who passed away in 1987, and his former assistant, Steve Kaufman. The exhibition of the 'Master' and his 'student,' reunited at last and exhibited together, is Centaur Art Galleries' most ambitious undertaking in more than 20 years. Girls Write Now Mentees Win Big in the 2009 Scholastic Art and Writing Awards Thu, 28 May 2009, 18:23:47 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y., May 28 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Girls Write Now (GWN), New York's first and only creative writing and mentoring program for high school girls, is proud to announce that 14 of the winning entrees in the prestigious Scholastic Art  Writing Awards-including a national award-were written by this year's talented mentees! Neotrope Press Announces Publication of 'Fractopia' Art Book by Christopher Simmons Thu, 28 May 2009, 16:55:35 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander REDONDO BEACH, Calif., May 28 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Neotrope(R) Press announced today the publication of the limited edition of 'Fractopia' (ISBN: 978-0-9710555-0-6, hardcover), by digital artist Christopher Laird Simmons. The book collects the best of Simmons' abstract images created by combining fractal imagery with photographic effects, textures and hand-applied layers. This special edition includes a video DVD with slide show of all images found in the book. 'Through the Prism of Green Eyes' - Lana Lucas - InterArt Gallery May 19-30 Mon, 04 May 2009, 08:00:10 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y., May 4 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Russian-born painter Lana Lucas will bring her contemporary surrealistic watercolor paintings to the InterArt Gallery in New York City in an exhibition that is sure to stir deep emotions and heighten visual senses. Lana Lucas has created a name for herself with paintings that feature rich, vibrant colors contrasted with very dark subjects that invite the viewer into a beautiful, yet strangely dangerous world. Cape Artist Recognized by National Oil Painters Association Mon, 20 Apr 2009, 12:07:53 EST  Edited by Carly Zander WEST BARNSTABLE, Mass., April 20 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Oil Painters of America (OPA) announced that Ronald Tinney has been juried into its 2009 National Exhibition of Traditional Oils. The show will be held at Sage Creek Gallery in Santa Fe, New Mexico, from May 1 through May 31, 2009. Pitt-Jolie Inspire Domestic Bliss in Fractured Housing Market Thu, 16 Apr 2009, 06:29:49 EST  Edited by Carly Zander OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., April 16 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Just a few minutes drive from Brad Pitt's hometown, a new home currently under construction is using the inspiration of Brad Pitt and his love interest Angelina Jolie to help create its 'inner curb appeal' in order to be competitive in the tough housing market. Named 'The Brangelina,' the house capitalizes on the image of Pitt and Jolie with the use of proverbs, tattoos and quotes reflecting their beliefs. The $500,000 home, by the artist known as Xvala, is expected to go on sale this summer, announced Buddy Haydel. Photographer Chooses Special Equestrians as Her Special Project Mon, 06 Apr 2009, 13:59:35 EST  Edited by Carly Zander WARRINGTON, Pa., April 6 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- 'I had no idea the first time I photographed for Special Equestrians that I would be so touched by the kids and the staff there,' stated Rosemary Taglialatela, who came in contact with the organization during the Bucks County 5K Run last year when she was photographing the runners for the series, Special Equestrians held a race as part of the series; she's been coming back ever since. New Book is a Refreshing Look at Boston's Charles River Wed, 11 Feb 2009, 12:13:38 EST  Edited by Carly Zander CARLISLE, Pa., Feb. 11 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- 2k Artisans is announcing the publication of a new book by artist and author Michael F. Pasqua. 'The Charles, A River For All Seasons' (ISBN 1440424039) is a collection of impressions of Boston's favorite place to play. The forty vivid color images, prepared in a distinctive style, show the changing face of the river as it flows through the seasons. Artists Explore the Apron as an Art Form in New Magazine Wed, 04 Feb 2009, 17:33:31 EST  Edited by Carly Zander LAGUNA HILLS, Calif., Feb. 4 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Since the launch of Belle Armoire magazine in 2001, art and crafting publisher Stampington  Company has been at the forefront of emerging trends in wearable art. Through special publications, such as Altered Couture, Haute Handbags and Belle Armoire Jewelry, they have continued to explore artistic movements within the world of art-to-wear through specific niche art forms. On February 1, 2009, they released the premier issue of Apronology, an annual special publication that focuses on artfully-made aprons. The Classic Group of Lexington Presents a Workshop at the 12th Annual Boston International Fine Art Show Wed, 05 Nov 2008, 13:32:44 EST  Edited by Carly Zander LEXINGTON, Mass., Nov. 5 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Classic Group, Inc., architects and custom home builders located in Lexington, is pleased to announce company principal Phil Bates along with Jacqui Becker of Jacqueline Becker Fine Art Consulting Services and Doreen Le May Madden of Lux Lighting Design have been invited to present an educational seminar at the 12th Annual Boston International Fine Art Show on Friday, November 14th at 6:30 p.m. Fountain Miami to Open During Art Basel Weekend This December Mon, 03 Nov 2008, 12:23:34 EST  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y., Nov. 3 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Fountain Miami, the alternative art exhibition known for presenting cutting-edge and independent art galleries, sets up shop in an industrial warehouse located at 25th Street and North Miami Avenue for its latest installment this December. Fountain is a guerrilla-style art event, dubbed by many as the 'Anti Art Fair' for its brash, off-the-wall offerings of non-traditional art exhibitions in the art fair environment. 'Bee Behr...Over the Years' - Presenting the Art of Beatrice Van der Pool Behr Mon, 27 Oct 2008, 17:20:17 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander GREENVILLE, N.C., Oct. 27 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The creations of 95-year-old working artist, Bee Behr, will be presented in an exclusive exhibit, 'Bee Behr...Over the Years,' from November 2 - 21, 2008 at The Art Gallery  Studio of Nelle Lee Hayes, in Greenville, NC. A direct quote from Bee Behr, 'I don't think in the same direction as most people,' gives perhaps the best insight into the unique talent of this artist... over the years; 95 years, to be exact. Michelle Obama Sculpture Remains Through Election Wed, 15 Oct 2008, 18:22:25 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y., Oct. 15 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Possibly foreshadowing next month's presidential election results is the overwhelming show of support for the decision to keep a portrait bust of Michelle Obama on display at Manhattan's Leo Kesting Gallery. Viewers walking into the west village gallery earlier this month were polled about whether to keep Michelle Obama's likeness on display until the election. Amusing Ourselves to Death in the Art World Fri, 10 Oct 2008, 16:43:41 EDT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan NORMAN, Okla., Oct. 10 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Artist, Xvala, is introducing two new art series at MAINSITE Contemporary Art. The opening is scheduled for Friday, October 10 from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. at 122 East Main Street in Norman. The works will be exhibited through November 29. The artist, Xvala, says he, wants to 'look like Jeff Koons, feel like Damien Hirst, and be a prince like Richard Prince.' Neal Spector and Guy Hepner Los Angeles Announce the Opening Date for 'Labels' Tue, 07 Oct 2008, 10:51:28 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander LOS ANGELES, Calif., Oct. 7 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Guy Hepner Los Angeles and Los Angeles based artist Neal Spector announce October 23, 2008 as the formal opening of Labels. Los Angeles based, Detroit native Neal Spector is no stranger to the limelight. Before commencing work as an artist, Spector was one of the founding creatives behind one of Hollywood's biggest creative firms. Years of exposure to both television and conspicuous consumption inspired him to create the 'Labels' body of work. Pioneer Magician Dorothy Dietrich of the Houdini Museum Changes Old Magic to New Mon, 29 Sep 2008, 17:41:34 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander SCRANTON, Pa., Sept. 29 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Pioneer magician Dorothy Dietrich is the first woman ever to catch a bullet in her mouth. She did it in a specially designed metal cup. This was recently done by David Blaine in a special devoted to Houdini. Prior to this magicians caught the bullet in a plate, in a handkerchief, in a box or in their teeth. This new presentation was pioneered by Dorothy Dietrich bringing the classic stunt into the modern age. Michelle Obama's Sexy Mannequin Bust: NYC Gallery's 'First Lady' Fashion Makeover Wed, 17 Sep 2008, 11:23:41 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y., Sept. 17 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- First Lady hopeful Michelle Obama receives an 'Inaugural Ball' makeover for providing a makeover to the face of the U.S. The sexy, bare-shouldered style-enhancement highlights Obama's ethnicity to create a new fashion template for the 21st Century First Lady, and is the latest installment of sculptor Daniel Edwards' 'Inspire America' series, courtesy of Manhattan's Leo Kesting Gallery. Texas Artist Shows Support for Barack Obama by Designing Jewelry Line Mon, 08 Sep 2008, 19:46:59 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander FREDERICKSBURG, Texas, Sept. 8 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Jonas Perkins, a sculptor from Fredericksburg, Texas, announced today that he decided to show his support for Barack Obama through the medium that he knows best, metal. He has designed a unique line of sterling silver jewelry that features Obama's best known campaign slogans Yes We Can and Change You Can Count On. The line includes several styles of earrings, a pendant, and a lapel pin. Two Paintings by Ronald Tinney Are Selected for Prestigious Boston Competition Mon, 25 Aug 2008, 18:43:38 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander BOSTON, Mass. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Out of 200 entries submitted by 70 artists from around New England working in the realist tradition, 35 paintings were selected for The Guild of Boston Artists' Annual New England Representational Competition. Two of the 35 are Sunrise Magic and Resting Quietly by Ronald Tinney, an artist based in West Barnstable, Mass. GiSTEQ PhotoTrackr Now Available for Mac Mon, 28 Jul 2008, 10:40:40 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander BREA, Calif., July 28 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The creators of the popular PhotoTrackr are excited to announce that their program is now available for Mac users. Ever since the PhotoTrackr was created, photographers, both amateur and professional, have been making use of its easy-to-use features, allowing them to properly date, map, categorize, and organize their photos. Thomas D. Mangelsen's 'The Natural World' Book is the Benjamin Franklin Award Winner for Best Coffee Table / Large Format Category Tue, 24 Jun 2008, 10:36:22 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander OMAHA, Neb., June 24 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Images of Nature(R) is proud to announce that Thomas D. Mangelsen's latest book 'The Natural World' (ISBN 978-189031042-4) was a winner at the PMA, the Independent Book Publishers Association 2008 Benjamin Franklin Awards. The book took top honors in the Coffee Table/Large format category. Local Coffee House Will Host International 'Birth of Coffee' Exhibition Wed, 18 Jun 2008, 17:27:18 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander MISSOULA, Mont., June 18 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- From June 27th to August 4th Liquid Planet in downtown Missoula will host the International 'Birth of Coffee' Exhibition. Based on the book of the same name by Daniel and Linda Lorenzetti (ISBN: 978-0609606780), the photography exhibit chronicles the life of coffee from seed to cup. Oprah Winfrey Depicted with Late Dogs in Puppies' Memorial - New York Gallery Appeals to Pet Lovers with Exhibit Wed, 14 May 2008, 11:49:21 GMT  Edited by Debra Tone NEW YORK, N.Y., May 14 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- An exhibit dedicated to the memory of Oprah Winfrey's late dogs opens in Manhattan's West Village, helping to promote pet safety awareness. A life-size monument depicts puppy versions of Oprah's Cocker Spaniel Sophie and Golden Labrador Gracie atop the head of the talk show icon by controversial sculptor Daniel Edwards. The Puppies' Memorial will be exhibited at Leo Kesting Gallery on May 22nd. Robert Cipriani's Award-Winning 'Passages' Painting Series Marked for Two Upcoming Art Exhibitions Wed, 23 Apr 2008, 11:58:33 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander DUXBURY, Mass., April 23 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- In 2003, Passages 2 received Directors' Choice of Outstanding Painting at the Cambridge Art Association. Passages, Ocean to Bay 1 won 'Artist of the Year, Painting' at the Cambridge Art Association Members' Prize Show in 2005 and was selected 'Best Cape Cod Landscape' at the Cape Cod Art Association in 2007. Today, painter and designer Robert Cipriani continues to evolve his award-winning 'Passages' paintings. Chicago to Host 'Oprah Sarcophagus' from the Artist Who Created Nude Britney Spears on Bear Skin Rug Wed, 23 Apr 2008, 08:08:03 GMT  Edited by Debra Tone CHICAGO, Ill., April 23 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- A gilded coffin lid bearing Oprah's full-figured likeness by controversial sculptor Daniel Edwards, designed to reach out to the recently retired baby boomers for whom healthcare reform will come too late, lands in Chicago this week. Edwards is offering his latest creation of the television icon to break the ice with baby boomers to encourage them to prepare for their own funerals. The Oprah Sarcophagus, courtesy of NYC's Leo Kesting Gallery, will be unveiled April 24th. Oprah Burial Mask a Tribute to Inner Beauty - Golden Likeness of TV Talk Queen Winfrey Debuts in Chicago Fri, 18 Apr 2008, 01:29:06 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander CHICAGO, Ill., April 18 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- On the heels of last year's farewell tour of the King Tut exhibit starts this year's tour of the gilded likeness of talk show queen, Oprah Winfrey. The Oprah Burial Mask will debut in Chicago April 24th, near Oprah's Harpo Studios at GARDENfresh Gallery, courtesy of NYC's Leo Kesting Gallery. Oprah Sarcophagus Reaches Out to Unprepared Retirees Thu, 17 Apr 2008, 09:00:48 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander CHICAGO, Ill., April 17 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- With her endorsement of presidential candidate Barack Obama, Oprah is making known her views on the need for healthcare reform. But controversial sculptor Daniel Edwards is urging talk show host Oprah Winfrey to do more by taking the time on her show to reach out to the recently retired baby boomers for whom healthcare reform will come too late. Looking for Child to be Cover of a New Book; Nationwide Casting Call Runs April 1-30 Thu, 27 Mar 2008, 08:30:49 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y., March 27 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Do you think your child has potential to model and you are looking for a big break to launch their career? Would you love to see your child grace the cover of a national modeling book? Would you like to win a trip to the Big Apple with your child including meetings with some of the top modeling industry professionals? TheModelChild.com, an online resource for child models and their parents, is seeking photo submissions to find the cover model for a new guidebook on child modeling by Nathan Yungerberg. New Book Honors a Fast Disappearing Way of Life: Wild Mustangs and Nevada Prospectors Wed, 19 Mar 2008, 08:47:06 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander VANCOUVER, B.C., Canada, March 19 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Authors John and Jeannette Kerr of Focal Impressions are excited to announce the publication of their first book, 'Mines, Minerals and Mustangs' (ISBN: 978-0-9809603-0-3), scheduled to be released on April 10, 2008. Photographic Fine Art Lamps Feature New Environmentally Responsible LED Lighting Tue, 26 Feb 2008, 07:16:51 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander CARPINTERIA, Calif., Feb. 26 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Holland Scott Gallery today announces the debut of the Environmentally Responsible Green Energy Fine Art Lamps. These lamps combine energy-efficiency technology with fine-art design. Internationally Acclaimed Spanish Master Painter Ramon Vilanova Coming to New Jersey Fri, 15 Feb 2008, 08:21:54 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander SUMMIT, N.J. - Feb. 15 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Internationally acclaimed Spanish Master Painter Ramon Vilanova is coming to Summit, New Jersey. He will be in Summit on Saturday, March 8 and Sunday, March 9 to unveil a new collection of Plein-Air paintings. The masterworks collection is featured in the new book of his paintings entitled 'Miradas'; the third monograph published featuring the works of this phenomenal artist. Cosmopolitan Fine Art will host a reception and book signing for the artist on March 8, 2008. Altered Britney Spears Tabloid Image Challenges the Art World Fri, 08 Feb 2008, 15:28:05 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan NORMAN, Okla. - Feb. 8 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Last year, images of Britney Spears' shaved head were splayed all over the media. And, in celebration of Spears, Mainsite Contemporary Art in Norman is exhibiting an appropriated image for public viewing through March 28. Los Angeles artist, known as XVALA, set out to define Spears' spiritual, emotional and economical value. Freedom and Focus Play Equal Roles in Artist Robert Cipriani's Abstract Paintings Thu, 31 Jan 2008, 10:35:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander DUXBURY, Mass. - Jan. 31 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- One informs the other; the other informs the one. 'As an abstract painter, I am very influenced by my life's work as a graphic designer. Alternatively, my approach to painting impacts my design work in a way that makes it richer and more interesting,' explains artist Robert Cipriani, whose abstract painting, Red 2, received an honorable mention award at the Cambridge Art Association's 'Red' show in November 2007. Kentucky Derby Horse a 'Champion' for Right To Die Thu, 24 Jan 2008, 11:18:07 GMT  Edited by Debra Tone NEW YORK, N.Y. - Jan. 24 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Barbaro, the euthanized champion racehorse, is an emblem for the Right To Die and Death With Dignity movements in a monument to be unveiled in Central Park this April, before the 134th Kentucky Derby. 'The Barbaro Memorial for the Right to Die' by controversial sculptor Daniel Edwards is a tribute to the late Triple Crown contender and is dedicated to the institution of euthanasia, announced Manhattan's Leo Kesting Gallery. Barbaro to be Remembered with Statue in Central Park Wed, 23 Jan 2008, 12:35:23 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y. - Jan. 23 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- A statue of Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro will be unveiled at the Central Park South location where a carriage horse was tragically killed last year. The unveiling will correspond with the introduction of a proposal titled Barbaro's Law, urging the mandatory disclosure of race-related horse injuries and fatalities. 'The Barbaro Memorial' by controversial sculptor Daniel Edwards, courtesy of Manhattan's Leo Kesting Gallery, will be unveiled April 30th, the week of the 134th Kentucky Derby. Thomas Mangelsen Captures Nature Category 2007 American Photo Magazine Image of the Year Wed, 02 Jan 2008, 15:21:55 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan JACKSON, Wyo. - Jan. 2 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Thomas D. Mangelsen of Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. is no stranger to photographic accolades; he now has the honor of adding American Photo Magazine's Image of the Year Award for their nature category to his list. The award-winning photo captures images of King Penguins in the bright morning sunshine, shaking off after a cold dip in the sea on South Georgia Island in the southern Atlantic Ocean. Griffith Photography Education Services to Launch Photography Training Classes in Fredericksburg, Virginia Wed, 02 Jan 2008, 13:40:30 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander FREDERICKSBURG, Va. - Jan. 2 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Griffith Photography Educational Services (GPES), a division of Griffith Photography, will launch a series of photography classes in January 2008 designed for beginning through advanced photography enthusiasts. Training classes will allow digital camera owners to have a more enjoyable photography experience by increasing their knowledge and understanding photography. Camera controls are also explained during the training process. Asheville, NC Artist Launches National I Am Thankful Postcard Art Project - Submit Postcards Now Wed, 14 Nov 2007, 10:21:27 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander ASHEVILLE, N.C. - Nov. 14 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- This fall artist Damaris Pierce launches her new, national postcard art project just in time to celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday. The project, entitled 'I Am Thankful,' encourages individuals of all ages and organizations such as craft guilds, public schools and counseling centers to create original postcard artwork expressing gratitude. Popovich Comedy Pet Theater Schedules Holiday Tour in California Wed, 24 Oct 2007, 21:00:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Oct. 24 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Gregory Popovich Comedy Pet Theater is taking its show on the road. After touring for seven years and then celebrating its first full year of daily shows at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, the show is scheduled to appear in several cities throughout California during the month of December. Sculpture Honors Holocaust Victims - Exclusive Exhibit at the Los Angeles Museum of the Holocaust Fri, 12 Oct 2007, 23:05:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Oct. 12 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Gallery of Historical Figures announces 'The Holocaust,' a realistic sculpture by artist G. S. Stuart pays homage to the millions of victims slain in the death camps of World War II. After extensive research, Stuart set a working prisoner in Auschwitz and then carefully modeled the tableau in quarter life size. Artist Protests 'Iraq War Apathy' with Prince Harry Statue - Sculptor Daniel Edwards to Unveil Latest Political Spectacle in London Thu, 04 Oct 2007, 00:07:00 GMT  Edited by Christopher Simmons NEW YORK and LONDON, England - Oct. 3 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Prince Harry is the symbolic hero of a monument encouraging empathy for the Iraq War in the latest work by controversial New York sculptor, Daniel Edwards. The statue featuring Prince Harry will be unveiled at London's Trafalgar Hotel October 11th during the Bridge Art Fair, courtesy of Capla Kesting Fine Art of Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Prince Harry 'Dead' in Iraq War Memorial - The 'Brave At Heart' Honored with Royal Tribute in London Wed, 26 Sep 2007, 18:37:00 GMT  Edited by Debra Tone LONDON, England - Sept. 26 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- A war-mutilated Prince Harry is the symbolic fallen hero in a memorial honoring those willing but unable to serve in the occupied Iraq conflict. Harry, the youthful brother to Britain's future king, was poised to be the most celebrated soldier of the Coalition forces, but due to the 'specific threats to kill or kidnap him,' he was kept home. However, Prince Harry will be remembered for his intended tour of duty in a memorial to be unveiled at the Trafalgar Hotel October 11th courtesy of Bridge Art Fair. Jamaica Flux: Workspaces and Windows 2007 Mon, 17 Sep 2007, 23:35:00 GMT  Edited by Debra Tone NEW YORK, N.Y. - Sept. 17 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Jamaica Flux: Workspaces  Windows 2007 is a contemporary public art project which includes the commission, creation, and exhibition of 24 multidisciplinary, site-specific artworks. These works will be displayed at a variety of locations along Jamaica Avenue (Queens, NY) including banks, stores, restaurants, street corners, phone booths, parks, and other public spaces from September 29 - November 17, 2007. Jamaica Center for Arts and Learning Presents the 35th Anniversary Fall Open House Mon, 17 Sep 2007, 17:07:00 GMT  Edited by Debra Tone JAMAICA, N.Y. - Sept. 17 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Jamaica Center for Arts & Learning (JCAL) will host their Fall Open House, at 161-04 Jamaica Avenue, Jamaica, NY, where families can sample for free its culturally and educationally enriching workshops offered year-round. On Saturday, September 22, 2007 from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., guests of all ages are invited to take advantage of free dance, music, theater and art workshops, speak to instructors and find out more about JCAL programs. 'CIA CELL TOWER' Monitors Local Internet Users' Wireless Transmissions Tue, 11 Sep 2007, 18:35:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander BROOKLYN, N.Y. - Sept. 11 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Capla Kesting Fine Art announced plans to build a 10-foot-tall cell tower designed to capture, monitor and rebroadcast wireless signals in the internet-savvy neighborhood of Williamsburg Brooklyn. The tower, named 'CIA Cell Tower' will be constructed at 121 Roebling Street and unveiled during the Conflux Festival. Wetpixel Launches Wetpixel Quarterly, a New Quarterly Print Magazine Fri, 07 Sep 2007, 17:30:00 GMT  Edited by Debra Tone SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - Sept. 7 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Wetpixel LLC announces the arrival of a new quarterly print magazine devoted to high-quality underwater photography. Wetpixel Quarterly brings fans of the underwater realm spectacular imagery in a landscape-oriented, high-resolution format. As well as celebrating the beauty of the deep, Wetpixel Quarterly provides a forum for a necessary dialog on marine conservation. XShot Revolution Brings a New Focus to MySpace, Facebook, and YouTube Users Tue, 28 Aug 2007, 14:58:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan SANTA BARBARA, Calif. - Aug. 28 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Originally designed to help people take photos of themselves without the inevitable arm extension, XShot, LLC, announces a product that is gaining popularity in still photography, and the video industry as well. Declining U.S. Art Education Jeopardizing Children's Future Mon, 27 Aug 2007, 23:59:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Aug. 27 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- According to Renaissance Publications, the arts are under attack in the nation's public schools and students are being denied the arts foundation they need to succeed in life. In answer to monumental budget cuts and diminishing arts programs, Renaissance Publications has launched a series of home study courses that are proving to be a viable alternative. The Marketing of Crackhead Jesus Thu, 26 Jul 2007, 14:22:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons NEW YORK, N.Y. - July 26 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Fenix Marketing Media LLC campaign announcing: 'CRACKHEAD JESUS IS COMING! Watch the story unfold on victorhugogallery.com' is raising eyebrows and questions. Multimedia artist and dark horse presidential candidate, Victor-Hugo Vaca Jr. is turning the wisdom of never discussing politics or religion in public, on its head with his controversial modern art graphic novel, 'Capicua 3-1-3: The Long Arm of the Law.' The planned seven book series is based on real characters and events. Black Light Artists Invited to Participate in Wildfire's 'UV Artist of the Month Contest' Thu, 19 Jul 2007, 18:15:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander LOS ANGELES, Calif. - July 19 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Wildfire, Inc., which specializes in UV effects, including fixtures and expendable materials, is announcing the launch of their UV Artist of the Month Contest, which is open to all readers of their new newsletter, The Monthly Blaze. Every month, a black light artist will be selected and featured in the print and online newsletter, and will receive a $100 gift certificate good toward any purchase from Wildfire. Live Earth as a Living Breathing Work of Modern Art Fri, 29 Jun 2007, 22:54:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, N.Y. and SYDNEY, Australia - June 29 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Dark horse U.S. presidential candidate and controversial modern artist, Victor-Hugo Vaca Jr., Founder of the Modern Art Music Movement, sees Live Earth as a living breathing work of Modern Art. How can the world participate in the largest self-destructing Modern Art Project ever created? PhotoSpin.com to Distribute NewStock Image Library Fri, 29 Jun 2007, 20:00:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons LONG BEACH, Calif. - June 29 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- PhotoSpin (photospin.com), a leading royalty free stock subscription service in the United Sates, has added Newstock images to their collection of royalty free images. PhotoSpin's unique subscription model offers thousands of photos, illustrations, fonts, film and sound as an annual service. Study Shows $1.9 Billion in Economic Activity and 44,546 Jobs Are Generated Annually by the Nonprofit Arts and Culture Industry in Pennsylvania Mon, 11 Jun 2007, 18:56:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander HARRISBURG, Pa. - June 11 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Citizens for the Arts in Pennsylvania (CFA/PA) announced today the results of the economic impact of the nonprofit arts industry in Pennsylvania. These statewide results were compiled as part of the most comprehensive economic impact study of the nonprofit arts and culture industry ever conducted in the United States. Entitled 'Arts  Economic Prosperity III,' the study was conducted in 156 communities and regions. Jamaica Flux Inaugural Seminar: On the Boundary of the Freedom Between the Practical and Aesthetic Practices Thu, 03 May 2007, 20:30:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander JAMAICA, N.Y. - May 3 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Jamaica Center for Arts and Learning (JCAL) is pleased to present the inaugural seminar of Jamaica Flux 2007, inviting Kathleen Goncharov, Independent Curator, and Tom Finkelpearl, Executive Director of the Queens Museum of Art. The seminar takes place Saturday, May 12, 2007 5 - 8 pm. 'Paris Hilton Autopsy' Educates New York City Teens - Interactive Drunk Driving PSA Promotes Safe Prom Thu, 26 Apr 2007, 23:09:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons NEW YORK, N.Y. - Apr. 26 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Paris Hilton's naked 'corpse' could provide an invaluable service to students preparing for prom this season. An interactive Public Service Announcement featuring the graphic display of a tiara-wearing, autopsied Paris Hilton with removable innards is designed to warn teenagers of the hazards of underage drinking. The display also features Tinkerbell, Hilton's forlorn pet Chihuahua with matching tiara, and debuts in the trendy Williamsburg, Brooklyn neighborhood where prom-goers frequently dine, courtesy of Capla Kesting Fine Art. National Dance Week at JCAL - 'Celebrating Africa and the Diaspora' Thu, 19 Apr 2007, 23:33:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander JAMAICA, N.Y. - Apr. 19 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- In recognition of National Dance Week, the Jamaica Center for Arts  Learning (JCAL) will offer Master Classes in dance and a live performance on Saturday April 28, 2007 from 12 PM to 6:30 PM. This year, JCAL celebrates National Dance Week by traveling the globe with the dances of Africa and the African Diaspora. John Waguespack Unveils Latest Exhibit 'REINCARNATION' at District in San Francisco Wed, 11 Apr 2007, 20:00:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - Apr. 11 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- John Waguespack, a unique San Francisco Surreal Artist, launches his latest exhibit 'REINCARNATION' at District in San Francisco on Thursday April 12th. This exhibit ties history, pop culture, and surrealism into a colorful display of American iconography. 'A Jamaica, Queens Thing': Rap and the Crack Era in South Jamaica Mon, 09 Apr 2007, 19:23:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander JAMAICA, N.Y. - Apr. 9 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Jamaica Center for Arts and Learning (JCAL) is pleased to present 'A Jamaica, Queens Thing': Rap and the Crack Era in South Jamaica, organized by guest curator Herb Tam. The opening artist reception takes place Saturday, April 14, 2007, 4 - 7 pm. Aurora Photos Launches Select - An Assignment Division to be Headquartered in New York City Thu, 22 Mar 2007, 13:30:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons PORTLAND, Maine - Mar. 22 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Aurora Photos is excited to announce the launch of Select, a photographer representation division in New York City. Aurora Select works with editorial photographers of exceptional vision and story telling skills, representing them in magazine and commercial areas of photography. Clip-on Photo Charms Capture the Hearts of Moms Wed, 07 Mar 2007, 20:30:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan ST. LOUIS, Mo. - Mar. 7 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Looking for a Mother's Day gift more meaningful than flowers or breakfast in bed? BabyFaces provides wearable gifts that will last a lifetime with classic CAD-created photo charms, and their most recent arrival - BabyFaces Juniors. Images of Nature(R) Announces the Release of Thomas D. Mangelsen's Latest Book The Natural World with an Artist Reception and Book Signing Thu, 22 Feb 2007, 13:30:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander PARK CITY, Utah - Feb. 22 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Images of Nature(R) gallery at 364 Main Street announces the release of Thomas D. Mangelsen's latest book 'The Natural World' (ISBN-13: 978-0977467259) with an artist reception and book signing Saturday, March 10th. Tom Mangelsen will be making a personal appearance at the Park City Images of Nature gallery and will be signing books and sharing stories of his travels. ArtisticPursuit Takes Social Networking to New Level by Providing Premium Content to Artists and Fans Thu, 08 Feb 2007, 14:36:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons BRUNSWICK, Md. - Feb. 8 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- ArtisticPursuit.com offers its users plenty of social networking features, as well as original artistic content, that often cost hundreds of dollars per year to use or download elsewhere. The Jamaica Center for Arts and Learning Announces Provocative Art Exhibit That Examines Boundaries in the Contemporary Art Field Fri, 19 Jan 2007, 17:34:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan QUEENS, N.Y. - Jan. 19 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Jamaica Center for Arts  Learning (JCAL) has assembled a group of 18 emerging artists in a new exhibition - The Field: Selections from JCAL's Artist Registry. The opening reception is scheduled for Saturday, January 27, from 4-7 p.m. with a special performance by Tattfoo Tan. Garden State Photographer Wil Fernandez Captures Life Images from the Baja Peninsula Wed, 17 Jan 2007, 14:16:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan SOMERVILLE, N.J. - Jan. 17 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Having just returned from the Baja Peninsula in Mexico, Photographer Wil Fernandez is excited to share his images. While there, Fernandez's primary subject was canines - wild, stray and working dogs. He also captured thought-provoking images of the colorful landscape and intriguing population. Collector Systems Positions Itself as Industry Leader in Art Collection Management Software Thu, 11 Jan 2007, 00:24:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons NEW YORK, N.Y. - Jan. 11 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Collector Systems, LLC today announced the release of "Collector Systems" version 3.0, an enhanced edition of its powerful, flexible art management software solution, helping individuals, collectors, curators, designers, artists, estate managers, insurers, and museums to organize and track their treasures. ShaynaGirl Designs New and Personal Ways to Communicate the Spirit and Magic of Christmas Thu, 04 Jan 2007, 18:57:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan NEW SMYRNA BEACH, Fla. - Jan. 4 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Looking for something personal and delicate to give to a loved one next holiday season? ShaynaGirl.com may have the answer. This new, on-line company offers a choice of eight, carefully hand-painted ornaments to choose from. The glass balls are hand-painted with enamel paints and then baked to ensure their intricate designs. New Online Community Pays Artists for Original Work and Networks New Talent Tue, 02 Jan 2007, 17:23:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander BALTIMORE, Md. - Jan. 2 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- On January 1, 2007, Artistic Pursuit, LLC (Artistic Pursuit) of Brunswick, Md. launched a new and innovative Web site - artisticpursuit.com - an online community which pays artists for their original work such as unpublished videos, music, images, literature and games, and also allows fans to discover new artistic talents. Entrepreneur's New Breed of Roses Changing Anniversary Gift Giving Mon, 11 Dec 2006, 15:17:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan ST. LOUIS, Mo. - Dec. 11 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Stainless steel roses? How about leather or wood? Roses are the ultimate symbol for love and affection and a new Web site, The Anniversary Rose (theanniversaryrose.com), offers an array of flowers handmade from materials that follow the traditional anniversary gift list. Cuban Exiles Can Breathe Sigh of Relief as Miami Gets Nude Britney Spears Giving Birth Thu, 07 Dec 2006, 14:53:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons MIAMI, Fla. - Dec. 7 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The 'deathbed' portrait of Fidel Castro that outraged Cuban exiles everywhere in part for a scheduled display in Miami this weekend has been replaced with 'Monument to Pro-Life: The Birth of Sean Preston.' The renowned nude of Britney Spears giving birth atop a bearskin rug appears at Fountain Miami, courtesy of Capla Kesting Fine Art, from December 7th to 11th in Wynwood Gallery district during Art Basel Miami. Fifth Degree presents: 'The Man He Used To Be' Inspirational Musical Drama Tue, 14 Nov 2006, 22:06:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander ATLANTA, Ga. - Nov. 14 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Starring: Trent Roberts, Dave Hollister, Sean Levert, Christopher Williams, Monifa, and Terri Britton. Fabolus Fox and Charlotte, NC Ovens Auditorium is where this special limited engagements will take place on Wednesday November 22nd at 8:00pm and Sunday 26th, 2006 at 3:00pm and 7:00pm in Atlanta, and Friday November 24th at 8pm and Saturday 25th, 2006 at 3pm and 8pm in Charlotte. Fidel Castro's 'Deathbed Portrait' Slated for Deconstruction in Miami Mon, 06 Nov 2006, 14:32:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons MIAMI, Fla. - Nov. 6 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Plans for an unveiling in New York's Central Park of Fidel Castro on his 'deathbed' have instead turned into plans for the deconstruction of his effigy in Miami, where he will be prematurely laid to rest. Capla Kesting Fine Arts announces the unveiling of 'Fidel Castro's Deathbed Portrait' has been reconsidered by the artist, courtesy of the Miami FM morning show El Traketeo on WRTO 98.3. Minneapolis Author and Illustrator Sells One Millionth Book and Beats Publishing Odds Thu, 02 Nov 2006, 16:30:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. - Nov. 2 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Marianne Richmond, president of Marianne Richmond Studios, Inc., is quietly solidifying her niche as a proven player in the sales-challenged book world, passing the sale of a remarkable one millionth book. Castro's 'Last Visit' to Central Park: 'Deathbed Portrait' of Fidel as Humanitarian Goes on Display in N.Y. Tue, 24 Oct 2006, 18:10:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons NEW YORK, N.Y. - Oct. 24 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Capla Kesting Fine Art announced that an unveiling in Central Park of Fidel Castro on his 'deathbed' may be the last opportunity to say 'farewell' to the man some revere as a champion of civil rights. 'Fidel Castro's Deathbed Portrait,' described as a colossal portrait of a solemn Castro at rest, will be unveiled at 10:00 am November 8th, just north of the monument for Cuban poet, Jose Mart�. John Waguespack Donates Original Paintings at the Annual Four Galleries Event in Honor of Larkin Street Youth Services Thu, 12 Oct 2006, 20:54:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - Oct. 12 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- John Waguespack, a unique San Francisco Surreal Artist, donates a portion of the proceeds for two original paintings in honor of Larkin Street Youth Services. A private reception and art sale is being held at The Four Galleries in San Francisco today, Thursday October 12th, and Friday October 13th. Waguespack's 'Landscape' was painted in 2005 and 'Winter' was added to the portfolio in January 2006. Ghosts and Ghouls and Zombies - Oh My! Fri, 15 Sep 2006, 19:46:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons TOMBALL, Tex. - Sept. 15 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- At the end of a lonely cemetery road in a small Texas town, Norm Lanier toils to bring the dead back to life. He does not use a witch's brew, lightning, or voodoo magic; although it is rather easy to apply these things metaphorically to his work. Take one photograph of a dead ancestor, add some computer wizardry, swirl it around, toss in a pinch of special laminate and viola! The result is a Haunted Portrait. Baby Suri Cruise Dumps $10,000 on Charity Wed, 13 Sep 2006, 18:48:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons BROOKLYN, N.Y. - Sept. 13 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- GoldenPalace.com made room in their ever-increasing collection of pop-culture oddities by purchasing an item that brings new meaning to the term 'celebrity crap'. The online casino bought Suri Cruise's Bronzed Baby Poop for $10,000, which will be going to the Kristin Brooks Hope Center. TomKat Skat Relisted on eBay - TomKitten's 'First Poop' in Bronze is the ShaTizzle for Charity Fri, 01 Sep 2006, 22:30:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons NEW YORK, N.Y. - Sept. 1 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Capla Kesting Gallery announced today that the Daniel Edwards sculpture of Suri Cruise's first poop in bronze, which has been covered internationally in the press this week and was the most e-mailed photo on Yahoo! on Thursday, is now back on eBay. The auction will benefit the March of Dimes charity. Controversial Sculptor Daniel Edwards Inspired by TomKat Child's First Meal Tue, 29 Aug 2006, 20:21:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons NEW YORK, N.Y. - Aug. 29 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Today, the Capla Kesting Fine Art gallery in New York announced the latest work by noted sculptor Daniel Edwards, famous for his celebrity-inspired themes, which depicts an interpretive 'bronze casting of Suri Cruise's first poop.' The natural and inoffensive sculpture in bronze will be on display at the gallery in September and auctioned on eBay for the March of Dimes charity. Suri Cruise's Baby Poop Bronzed for Charity - Healthy 'Evidence' of Tom and Katie's Baby Goes on eBay Mon, 28 Aug 2006, 18:05:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons BROOKLYN, N.Y. - Aug. 28 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Bronzed baby shoes are out, and bronzed baby poop is in, for Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes as they celebrate baby's 'first poop.' The commemoration of baby Suri Cruise's first poop strives to be the evidence of her existence for a public yet to see photos of the superstar couple's four month old infant. Suri Cruise's commissioned bronzed baby poop goes on display August 30th at Capla Kesting Fine Art in Brooklyn's Williamsburg gallery district and will be offered on eBay with the proceeds to benefit the March of Dimes. Historic Entertainment Showcase Celebrates a 'Virtual Reunion' Tue, 22 Aug 2006, 18:20:00 GMT  Edited by Carly Zander LOS ANGELES, CA - Aug. 22 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Bla-Bla Cafe was an early well-loved, highly-respected 1970s entertainment showcase. It was a nightclub in Studio City that had a major following, and 30-years later can claim that it was the training ground for a large roster of performers who have since become well-known, successful entertainers. Sandy Ross, one of the Bla-Bla's original regular performers, and its entertainment coordinator for 8 years, has just written and compiled a book that chronicles the historic nightclub. Hillary Topless - Documentary Uncovers Nude Origin of Sex Museum's 'Presidential Bust' of Senator Clinton Wed, 26 Jul 2006, 19:59:00 GMT  Edited by Chris Simmons NEW YORK, NY - July 26 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The nude study of Senator Hillary Clinton used in creating her first portrait as U.S. President is featured in a documentary now viewable at YouTube.com, the net's leading video download site. 'Hillary's Bust,' an eight-minute short produced by Goodnight Film, reveals the sexy origins of a statue of the former First Lady planned for display at New York's Museum of Sex. The film contains the only footage taken of an unclothed preparatory study of Hillary Clinton's upper torso used for developing the heroic-scaled 'Presidential Bust of Hillary Rodham Clinton: First Woman President of the United States of America.' Emerging Latino Artist Expresses Personal Passion and Social Messages through Figurative Art Fri, 14 Jul 2006, 21:15:00 GMT  Edited by Liisa Sullivan LOS ANGELES, CA - July 14 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Figurative artist, Jose Angel Hernandez, will be displaying a collection of provocative portrait paintings at a group show to be held at the Infusion Gallery in downtown Los Angeles from August 1st to the 25th. Britney Birth Sculptor's Severed Head 'Obsession' Featured - A New Haven Film Fest Screens Documentary About Local Artist Wed, 10 May 2006, 17:07:00 GMT  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons HARTFORD, CT - May 10 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Britney Spears's pregnancy confirmation comes this week when filmmaker A. D. Calvo and controversial sculptor Daniel Edwards begin development on a short film about the making of Edwards's next sculpture of Ms. Spears giving birth. Calvo and Edwards are scheduled to talk briefly about their project following the screening of Calvo's quirky short documentary, THE SEVERAL SEVERED HEADS OF DANIEL EDWARDS. The film, selected by the New Haven Underground Film Festival, features a behind-the-scenes look at Edwards's Ted Williams Death Mask and will be shown this Saturday at the Wadsworth Atheneum. 'Musical Cure for the Blue-State Blues' Enters Seventh Smash Month Mon, 27 Mar 2006, 16:49:00 GMT  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons NEW YORK, NY - Mar. 27. (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- 'BUSH IS BAD: The Musical Cure for the Blue-State Blues,' the hilarious, cathartic and unabashedly partisan musical revue by Joshua Rosenblum, is now entering its seventh smash month at The Triad Theatre, 158 West 72nd Street (between Broadway and Columbus), Shrubbery Productions announced today. Originally slated for only eight performances when it began last September, the show extended its run twice due to popular demand, and is now continuing indefinitely, offering Thursday and Friday night performances at 9 PM. Dedication Honors Nude Britney Spears Giving Birth Wed, 22 Mar 2006, 18:59:00 GMT  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons BROOKLYN, NY - Mar. 22 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- A nude Britney Spears on a bearskin rug while giving birth to her firstborn marks a 'first' for Pro-Life. Pop-star Britney Spears is the 'ideal' model for Pro-Life and the subject of a dedication at Capla Kesting Fine Art in Brooklyn's Williamsburg gallery district, in what is proclaimed the first Pro-Life monument to birth, in April. New Competition Pits Animator vs. Animator in Timed Challenge Wed, 22 Mar 2006, 00:36:00 GMT  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons NEW YORK, NY - Mar. 21 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Ready...set...ANIMATE! At the stroke of midnight on April 14th, 2006, teams of animators from around the world will be faced with the task of putting together an original animated film in just 3 weeks. To keep everyone on a level playing field, teams are assigned a theme, character and object that must be incorporated into their film. The competition is aptly named Animadness and the top films will be competing for $10,000 in cash and prizes. Animadness is organized by NYC Midnight Movie Making Madness, LLC, a non-profit organization based in Manhattan. Who's Who at the 2006 International Art Expo? Tue, 21 Feb 2006, 07:32 EST  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons NEW YORK, NY - Feb. 21 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- At this year's New York Decor International Art Expo, scheduled March 2 - 6, some of the most intriguing, magnificent, unique and original works of fine art will be on display. Featured will be new, emerging and dynamic artist Donald J. Davenport. Davenport brings to market unique and different original works of mixed medium art. Davenports' depth and technical values in surrealistic realism with an edge of symbolism will certainly captivate the attention of many viewers attending this year show. Artist Perreaoult Daniels, 'Controversial Images are Achilles Heel of Terrorist' Thu, 16 Feb 2006, 06:32 EST  Edited by Carly Zander WASHINGTON, D.C. - Feb. 16 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Artist Perreaoult Daniels announces that all Controversial Images found on his Web site are free for use in any broadcast, print or Internet media. The Artist has been threatened, his studio broken into and computer destroyed. Perreaoult's position is that 'We artists are portraying a reality that we perceive, if the image offends then perhaps it reflects a reality that others do not wish to acknowledge. It is the Achilles heel of the advocates of terror.' Local Business Banishes Bridezilla Tue, 7 Feb 2006, 03:06 EST  Edited by Carly Zander SAN FRANCISCO, CA - Feb. 7 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Webster Hill Photography Agency is going toe to toe with Bridezilla. Their secret weapon? The word 'NO.' Meet Natalie Sousa. After nearly 10 years as a professional wedding photographer, Sousa founded Webster Hill. The photo agency specializes in matching clients to qualified photographers through a comprehensive screening process. Happy, Joyous  Nearly Free Comedy Showcase Mon, 16 Jan 2006, 04:14 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons SAN FRANCISCO, CA - Jan. 16 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- On Saturday, February 4th, 2006 at 8pm, there will be a showcase of hilarious comedians in recovery at the new San Francisco Alano Club at 1748 Market St., #202. These popular local comedians are of diverse ethnities, ages, sexual orientations, and recovery histories, but they have one thing in common: they are proof that one can have fun without drugs  alcohol. The evening is certain to be entertaining and inspirational! Featured in the showcase are popular local comedians, Sue Ferrer, Lilibeth Helson, Nick Leonard, Bruce Maez, Ken Townsend, Karen Warner,  Debbie Campo. My Fair Heathen Productions presents, Charlotte the Destroyer, at the Plaza Theatre at the Boston Center for the Arts Mon, 12 Dec 2005, 02:11 EST  Edited by Carly Zander BOSTON, MA - Dec. 12 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- My Fair Heathen Productions invites you to joins us January 11th through the 14th and 17th - 21st at 8pm, and January 14th, 15th, 21st at 2pm at the Plaza Theatre at the Boston Center for the Arts for the premiere of our new play Charlotte the Destroyer. The Box office is at 527 Tremont street, or buy via phone at #617-933-8600, or online at BostonTheatreScene.com. Is It Art, Inc. Launches New Global Internet Community Gallery and a New Art Form called Homepagism Thu, 8 Dec 2005, 04:58 EST  Edited by Beverly West NEW YORK, NY - Dec. 8 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Is It Art? Inc. today announced the virtual opening of their Global Internet Community Gallery Project featuring 10,000 e-squares, or exhibition squares filled with one digital art image submitted by 7,000 to 8,000 artists from around the world. Each of the 10,000 e-square images which include: paintings, drawings, photographs, sculptures, etchings, designs, illustrations, computer generated images, performances, installations, and mixed media, will all work together to create a single piece of art called Homepagism. Martronics Corporation Announces Revolutionary New Glass Etching Kit Tue, 8 Nov 2005, 11:28 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons SALKUM, WA - Nov. 8 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Martronics Corporation today announced the launch of their revolutionary new Glass Etching Kit that lets anyone permanently etch their artwork or designs on glass using their own computer, Martronics new Dura-Film Stencils, and an inexpensive U.V. stencil maker. Ted's Head Reunites with Body in Bizarre Gallery Twist - Artist Answers Fans' Demands with New Bust of 'Splinter' Thu, 22 Sep 2005, 12:29 EDT  Edited by Christopher Simmons NEW YORK, NY - September 22 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Connecticut artist whose notorious 'Ted's Head' art show has caused a storm of controversy has announced that he will respond to the wishes of fans angered by his severed-head presentation of baseball great Ted Williams. Fans of the legendary Boston Red Sox hitter have expressed outrage at artist Daniel Edwards' display of three 'death mask' casts on exhibit at NY's First Street Gallery this month. The sculptures depict Williams' head as prepared for frozen storage at Scottsdale Arizona's Alcor Life Extension Foundation. War and Aerial Assault of Wolves Merge in Painter's Imagination Tue, 20 Sep 2005, 12:08 EDT  Edited by Christopher Simmons NEW YORK, NY - September 20 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Opening on October 4th at New York's First Street Gallery, Lisa Zwerling's new paintings. Images of war are the potent narrative elements in her recent work. Zwerling was haunted by the visuals of Iraq. In a creative fiction she combines the wolves she's painted for several years with Apache helicopters. Whereas helicopters used in Vietnam were largely for rescue, in Iraq Apaches are a new generation, fitted with bombs. Kamp NYC on the Road Helps Utah's Young Broadway Hopefuls Realize Their Dreams Tue, 13 Sep 2005, 03:02 EDT  Edited by Beverly West NEW YORK, NY and DRAPER, UT - September 13 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- 2inspire Productions' today announced that Kamp NYC, an intensive, New York based performing arts workshop designed to hone the skills of talented young performers and shape them into Broadway-bound triple threats, today announced that it will take its workshop program On the Road to the talented teens, kids and young adults of Utah. Kamp NYC's 3-day On the Road Workshop will take place at Juan Diego Catholic High School, 300 east 11800 South, Draper, Utah, on September 29, September 30, and October 1, 2005. New York's Blue Hill Troupe a Hit in GS Territory Wed, 7 Sep 2005, 03:02 EDT  Edited by Carly Zander NEW YORK, NY - September 7 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Blue Hill Troupe's innovative production of that Gilbert  Sullivan rarity, The Grand Duke, was honored at the 12th Annual International Gilbert  Sullivan Festival in Buxton, England, last month. Controversial Decision to Exhibit Ted Williams' 'Death Mask' Defended Amidst Questions of its Origin Fri, 26 Aug 2005, 12:33 EDT  Edited by Christopher Simmons NEW YORK, NY - August 26 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- New York's First Street Gallery defends its decision to exhibit Ted Williams' 'death mask,' amid recent controversy surrounding its origin. When Daniel Edwards presented the 'death mask' as an object to display with other Ted Williams items, it was known there would be the potential for controversy, a spokesperson for the gallery said. The decision to exhibit the 'death mask' was carefully made with the intent that the 'death mask' should be presented as a part of a display to memorialize Ted Williams. We are all fans of Ted Williams, and we miss him. 'Death Mask' of Baseball Star's Severed Head Featured in Exhibit - Ted Williams' Life or Death Controversy Resurrected Thu, 25 Aug 2005, 01:45 EDT  Edited by Christopher Simmons NEW YORK, NY - August 25 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE0 -- What would be the ultimate prize for a big-game collector of memorabilia from a larger-than-life sports legend? Curious gallery goers may find an answer in the new exhibit titled The Ted Williams Memorial Display with Death Mask from The Ben Affleck 2004 World Series Collection, hosted by the Chelsea district's First Street Gallery. The gallery kicks off its season with the world premier unveiling of the 'death mask' of baseball great Ted Williams' clinically decapitated frozen head. Shakespeare's True Story - University Seminar Applauds 'The Monument' Wed, 17 Aug 2005, 11:43 EDT  Edited by Christopher Simmons PORTLAND, Ore. - August 17 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Shakespeare scholars attending a week-long Concordia University seminar concluded that the great poet-dramatist revealed the most significant chapter of his life in the Sonnets of 1609, as explained in the new 918-page edition by Hank Whittemore entitled The Monument: 'Shake-Speares Sonnets' by Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford (Meadow Geese Press, ISBN: 0966556453), published this year. Kamp NYC Helps Shape America's Most Talented Kids Reach for the Stars Wed, 13 Jul 2005, 11:12 EDT  Edited by Beverly West NEW YORK, NY - July 13 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- 2inspire Productions' Kamp NYC (www.KampNYC.com), an intensive, New York based performing arts workshop designed to hone the skills of talented young performers and shape them into Broadway bound triple threats, today announced that it has begun accepting applications for its winter session, December 27th, 2005 through January 2nd, 2006. The cost is $1,600.00 per student. Solo Performer Show Controller 2.4 Increases Play List Flexibility for Musicians Who Improvise Their Set Lists While Performing Mon, 27 Jun 2005, 11:11 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons PHILADELPHIA, PA - June 27 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Alien Apparatus Company, Inc. (www.alienapparatus.com) releases Solo Performer Show Controller version 2.4. Solo Performer Show Controller is a system for controlling the background music, lyrics displays, MIDI effects, and light shows for musicians. The system consists of a six-button foot controller that connects to a computer via USB, and software that runs on Windows and Macintosh. George Washington, Other Military Sculptures will Bivouac at Boston Expo Fri, 17 Jun 2005, 04:53 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons BOSTON, Mass. - June 17 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- A three-day exhibit of Historical Figures(R) by artist and historian George Stuart will open on Friday July 1, 2005 at the Park Plaza Hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. The sixteen sculptures are quarter life-sized, highly detailed, three-dimensional portraits of history's most famous as well as notorious military figures. Stuart's work will be featured as part of the World Model Soldiers Exposition. At a seminar on Saturday July 2, the California artist will discuss his work and techniques. Images of Nature Announces an Evening with Thomas D. Mangelsen and Grand Opening Reception Fri, 3 Jun 2005, 06:15 EST  Edited by Carly Zander OAK BROOK, Ill. - June 3 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Images of Nature(R) gallery in Oakbrook Center announces an evening with Thomas D. Mangelsen and Grand Opening Reception Saturday, June 11th from 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Tom Mangelsen (www.mangelsen.com) will be making his first personal appearance in Oak Brook and is looking forward to sharing the stories of his travels. Long Island Trial Attorney Steps Back From the Bench and Into the Spotlight in 'Biloxi Blues' Fri, 27 May 2005, 04:28 EST  Edited by Beverly West NEW YORK, NY - May 27 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- To celebrate his 30th year in the American Theatre, Bruce L. Roistacher, a veteran Long Island criminal defense attorney, will star in a production of Neil Simon's 'Biloxi Blues,' directed by Ed Murray, and produced by Long Islands well-respected repertory company, The Gray Wig. 22 Years after Arthur Miller, American Director Elena Araoz Reclaims Beijing Stage Fri, 27 May 2005, 11:47 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons NEW YORK, NY and BEIJING, China - May 27 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Beijing, China will experience a dramatic transformation this summer when, twenty-two years after Arthur Miller, American theater director Elena Araoz will reclaim Beijing's stage with the English play 'The Power,' it was announced today by Noble Theater Bridge Co. LLC. The Miami Children's Museum, in Collaboration with the Husky Gang School, is Hosting 'A Magical Day With The Husky Gang' Mon, 23 May 2005, 05:20 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons MIAMI, Fla. - May 23 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- The Miami Children's Museum, in collaboration with The Husky Gang School (Sdoia-Satz Music Institute of Miami) is hosting "A Magical Day With the Husky Gang" on Sunday, June 5, 2005 at 980 MacArthur Causeway, Miami, FL There will be two one and one half hour performances, suitable for children, one from 1:30 PM - 3:00 PM and another from 4:00 PM - 5:30 PM. Ashley Gilbertson Iraq Photography Receives the Distinguished Robert Capa Gold Medal Award Thu, 28 Apr 2005, 10:57 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons PORTLAND, Maine - April 28 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Photojournalist Ashley Gilbertson of the Aurora photography agency has won the Robert Capa Gold Medal in the Overseas Press Club (OPC). Mr. Gilbertson won the OPC award for best photographic reporting from abroad requiring exceptional courage and enterprise for his work, 'The Battle for Fallujah.' This honor places him among a long list of revered conflict photographers. Tom Mangelsen Named as One of American Photo's 100 Most Important Photographers Thu, 21 Apr 2005, 11:14 EST  Edited by Beverly West OMAHA, NE - April 21 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) -- Images of Nature (www.mangelsen.com) today announced that Thomas D. Mangelsen has been named one of the 100 Most Important Photographers in America in the May/June issue of American Photo Magazine. 'Comedy for Freedom' Coming to Tulsa Comedy Club Mon, 28 Mar 2005, 12:30 EST  Edited by Christopher Simmons TULSA, OK /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Comedy acts from around the country will join together in Tulsa, Oklahoma, to perform on Sunday, April 17, 2005, at Tulsa Comedy Club. 'Comedy For Freedom' will benefit the Freedom Girls Foundation, a non-profit organization based in Tulsa to promote freedom in America and the sale of Patriot U.S. Savings Bonds. STC-PMC Annual Conference - March 18-19, 2005 Great Valley, PA Tue, 1 Mar 2005, 12:44 EST  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons GREAT VALLEY, PA /Send2Press Newswire/ -- The award-winning annual conference for the Society for Technical Communication's Philadelphia Metro Chapter returns to Penn State's Great Valley campus on Saturday, March 19, 2005. This year's conference, Transforming Your Career, features a keynote address delivered by internationally renowned technical communicator, trainer, and specialist in the use of visual arts, Jean-luc Dumont of Belgium. Olga Horvat Announces Personalized Fantasy Portraits for Children Thu, 24 Feb 2005, 10:52 EST  Edited by Beverly West NEW YORK, NY /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Olga Horvat Art (www.olgahorvat.com) today announced that it has made the leap into high-end digital photography with the addition of their new Fantasy Portraits line for kids. Fantasy Portraits allow children to become whatever they've dreamed of being in their everyday life, and immortalizes their fantasy in a beautiful and artistic keepsake. Lunar New Year Collection Issued Tue, 1 Feb 2005, 11:16 EST  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons WASHINGTON, D.C. /Send2Press Newswire/ -- The USPS has authorized licensee Hallmark Group Ltd. to strike all 12 Lunar New Year Stamp designs as solid silver ingots, layered with pure gold. These famous stamps, featuring the 12 animals of the Chinese lunar cycle, have been designed by celebrated Chinese-American artist Clarence Lee over a 12-year period. To mark the completion of the series, the stamp series was reissued this year by the USPS as a unique double-sided sheet containing twenty four 37-cent lunar stamps. Images of Nature(R) announces an evening with Thomas D. Mangelsen and Grand Opening Reception in Scottsdale, AZ Fri, 28 Jan 2005, 04:43 EST  Edited by Carly Zander SCOTTSDALE, AZ /Send2Press Newswire/ -- The Images of Nature(R) gallery at Scottsdale Fashion Square announces an evening with Thomas D. Mangelsen and Grand Opening Reception Saturday, February 19th from 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Tom Mangelsen will be making his first personal appearance in Scottsdale and is looking forward to sharing the stories of his travels. Chicago Artists 'Get Inspired' to Help the Homeless - Non-profit Organization Showcases Local Artists Work to Benefit the Homeless Thu, 27 Jan 2005, 05:57 EST  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons CHICAGO, IL /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Inspiration Corporation is hosting its 12th Annual Inspired Art Auction on Friday, March 18th from 6:00 PM - 10:00 PM in the Preston Bradley Hall at the Chicago Cultural Center, 78 E. Washington. Please list this event in your event calendar or plan to attend to cover the event. Images of Nature(R) Announces an Evening with Thomas D. Mangelsen Thu, 27 Jan 2005, 04:02 EST  Edited by Carly Zander PARK CITY, UT /Send2Press Newswire/ -- The Images of Nature(R) gallery at 364 Main Street in Park City announces an evening with Thomas D. Mangelsen, Saturday February 5th from 5:00 pm to 9:00 pm. Tom Mangelsen will be making a personal appearance and is looking forward to sharing the stories of his recent travels. Couples Hire a New Kind of 'Matchmaker' Thu, 27 Jan 2005, 03:14 EST  Edited by Christopher Laird Simmons SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Engaged couples are turning to a San Francisco business for help in finding a photographer for their wedding. Founder Natalie Sousa launched the Webster Hill Photography Agency (www.websterhill.com) after years as a professional photographer. Internet Upstart MyDateLive, Inc. Joins Forces with Renowned Model Sabrina Sikora (Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model Search on NBC) and Sikora Productions to Launch 360Flair.com Fri, 7 Jan 2005, 05:45 EST  By Christopher Laird Simmons LOS ANGELES, Calif. /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Every year thousands of new hopefuls flood the modeling and talent industries hoping to make their mark. Now, with the help of a new partnership between Internet and television media producer MyDateLive, Inc. and model Sabrina Sikora and Sikora Productions, they have a place to start. By News Article Editor: Carly Zander Local Photographers Find Shelter with New Photography Agency SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - November 11, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Wedding photographers are rallying under the banner of a new San Francisco photography agency, Webster Hill (www.websterhill.com). The Bay area sees 40,000 weddings a year, but independent photographers struggle to stay busy. Low startup costs, new technology and the fact that no licensing is required have made the photography industry extremely competitive. Many have jumped at the chance to market their services through a photo agency. Webster Hill received over 150 responses to its first recruitment ad within the first 24 hours. By News Article Editor: Beverly West Images of Nature Announces Gallery Opening at Scottsdale Fashion Square SCOTTSDALE, AZ - Nov. 6, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Thomas D. Mangelsen Inc. (www.mangelsen.com) today announced the opening of their new Images of Nature(R) gallery at the Scottsdale Fashion Square in Scottsdale, Arizona on November 20th 2004, featuring the award winning nature photography of Thomas D. Mangelsen. By News Article Editor: Christopher Laird Simmons Media Cordially Invited to the Exhibition 'FIGHTING BACK' by Artist CEDRIC LOTH at the Las Olas Fine Arts Gallery FT. LAUDERDALE, FL - Oct. 27, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Loth Art Inc. invites the public and media to the exhibition "FIGHTING BACK" featuring, for the first time ever, the entire collection of bronze sculptures by artist CEDRIC LOTH at the Las Olas Fine Arts gallery, October 23rd to November 7th, 2004. By News Article Editor: Christopher Laird Simmons Bronze Sculptor Cedric Loth Opens The Fighting Back Exhibition At The Las Olas Fine Arts Gallery On October 23 FORT LAUDERDALE, FL - October 21, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- On the occasion of the Florida Boat Show in Fort Lauderdale, artist Cedric Loth will exhibit his latest work at Las Olas Fine Arts Gallery, located at 701 East Las Olas Blvd, Fort Lauderdale, from October 23 until November 7, 2004. The bronze collection, entitled "Fighting Back," pays homage to the sea and brings the world of deep-sea fishing to sculpture in a way never seen before. And for the first time, the whole collection will be exhibited; it is comprised of 13 bronze sculptures and pastel drawing studies. By News Article Editor: Christopher Laird Simmons RemoteAudition.com Uses Internet to Create New, Affordable Tool for Aspiring Actors, Actresses and Performers to Enhance and Promote Their Career BALTIMORE, MD - August 18, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- New Website from Vision WebCasting, LLC offers extended FREE trial membership account to first 50 respondents. RemoteAudition (www.RemoteAudition.com) offers actors, actresses, musicians, voice-over artists, models and performers with special or unique skills the ability to showcase their talents online, in streaming video for the flat monthly fee of $10. By News Article Editor: Carly Zander Find Acting and Modeling Jobs Fast - Instant Exposure Worldwide JoyOfModeling.com - A New Acting and Modeling Website from Model Selection, LLC HOLLYWOOD, FL - August 11, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Aspiring models, actors oractresses looking for their "big break" now have a new opportunity for worldwideexposure. Photographers, film-makers, directors, even an agency or talent scoutsearching for someone with that unique look can now locate talent at this new web-siteJoy of Modeling (www.JoyOfModeling.com) more easily than before. By News Article Editor: Christopher Laird Simmons 1st Annual Abrasive Rock Unsigned Showcase Tour - featuring 'Subjekt 2 Change' OLYMPIA, WA - Aug. 2, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- For almost half a decade, AbrasiveRock (www.abrasiverock.com) has worked hard to cover the best in heavy music. This hasmeant trying to maintain a balance between well known artists with a solid following,and the unknown bands from 'nobody' towns that are just as (if not more) talented. Starting in August, anyone can come and see the best of new music at the 1st Annual Abrasive Rock Unsigned Showcase Tour. By News Article Editor: Carly Zander Sam Clemens aka Mark Twain Rediscovered at Holabird Americana Auction RENO, NV - June 18, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Holabird Associates (www.holabird.org) today announced that The Holabird Americana Auction taking place on Saturday, June 26, in Reno, will feature several important ledgers from the early silver mining camp of Unionville where Sam Clemens (Mark Twain) began his adventures in Nevada. News Article Editor: Carly Zander The Little Drummer Boy, 9-Year-Old Jazz Drum Sensation Isaiah Williams, and The Isaiah Williams Project Present 'A Memorial Day Jazz Concert,' First Solo Billing Event ALEXANDRIA, VA - May 12, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Nine-year-old jazz drumprodigy, Isaiah Williams and his Washington DC-based band, The Isaiah WilliamsProject, will host their first solo-billing event ever, A Memorial Day JazzConcert, to be held on Saturday May 29, 2004 at 7pm and Sunday, May 30 at 6pm atthe Nannie J. Lee Center, 1108 Jefferson St., Alexandria, VA. News Article Editor: Christopher L. Simmons Chicago Improv Festival Features World's Funniest Improv And Sketch Acts CHICAGO, IL - April 12, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- 120 hilarious live acts, ensemblesfrom nine countries, and more than 700 improv and sketch performers will converge at theSeventh Annual Chicago Improv Festival (CIF - www.cif.com) April 30 - May 9, 2004. News Article Editor: Christopher L. Simmons Millennium Group Announces Donald Trump Parody T-Shirts Loveland, Colo. - April 1, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Millennium Group (www.milpond.com) announcedtoday the availability of Donald Trump Parody T-Shirts. Now anyone who is not a Donald Wannabe can wear ashirt announcing "Screw You Donald - I Quit!" or "Kissing Ass Is Not For Everyone." News Article Editor: Carly Zander Funniest Tax Guy In America, Edward Lyon, Releases 2004 Celebrity Tax Deductions CINCINNATI, OH - March 31, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- As April 15 approaches, taxpayersare scrambling for last-minute deductions. President Kennedy once called taxes "the pricewe pay for civilization." But he never said we have to pay retail! Ed Lyon, who hasappeared on over 200 television, radio, and Internet broadcasts, says "Let's take a fourthannual look at what some of America's bold-faced names might deduct this year." [Business & Technology News Editor: Carly Zander] Two Software Programs Allow Teachers and Students to Create Virtual Museum Collections and Share Art with Their Community CAMPBELL HALL, NY - February 23, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Leaning Post Productions(www.artsitenet.com) announces ArtSite and ArtWebsite, for K-12 teachers and students of art studio, arthistory, and multi-cultural education. With ArtSite teachers and students discover, assemble, and sharecollections of worldwide art and students share portfolios of their art and writing on a classroomcomputer or a school Intranet. ArtWebsite makes it easy for art departments to publish theiraccomplishments on the Internet. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [Business & Technology News Editor: Carly Zander] Things Get Wild In Southern California with Humorist Rebecca Bardsley and the Company Comedy Company ORANGE COUNTY, Calif. - Feb. 11, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Humorist and entrepreneur Rebecca Bardsleytakes the over 30 crowd beyond Baywatch and into burlesque with the debut of her all-girl variety show,"Older Girls Gone Reasonably Wild," premiering March 11th at the Mezzanine Restaurant in Orange County.The show is presented by Tustin-based Company Comedy Company (companycomedycompany.com), anentertainment firm founded by Rebecca Bardsley that creates customized comedy sketches for corporateclients. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [Business & Technology News Editor: Carly Zander] National Dinner Theatre Association To Hold Auditions ROCK ISLAND, IL - Feb. 10, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- The National Dinner Theatre Association (NDTA -www.ndta.com) has announced its 26th Annual Spring Auditions and Conference to be held March 13 through 16,2004, at the Sheraton 4 Points Hotel in Rock Island, IL.On Monday, March 15 more than 25 NDTA producers will be casting for their 2004-2005 seasons, representingthousands of actor work weeks. Again this year a number of non-dinner theatre producers and directors willalso be casting. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [Business & Technology News Editor: Carly Zander] First Ever Collaboration Between Popular Artists Yields 'Soft Hardware' David Williams and Frank Strunk Integrate Distinctive Styles In Landmark Exhibition at Salt CreekArtworks ST. PETERSBURG, FL - Feb. 9, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Florida-based artists David Williams andFrank Strunk today announced a new collaborative exhibit entitled "Soft HardWare," opening at SaltCreek Artworks in St. Petersburg on Friday, February 27th, 2004. "Soft HardWare" is comprised of 18entirely new pieces created by Strunk and Williams during the past year (www.industrialiving.com). > READ NEWS ARTICLE [Business & Technology News Editor: Carly Zander] Retro Pinup Super Model Launches Award Winning Website SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. - Jan. 22, 2004 /Send2Press Newswire/ -- Retro pinup model, LanaLandis, is pleased to announce the launch of her website LanaLandis.com. Describedas "America's no. 1 pinup model" Lana Landis delights guests with her classic1950's pinup recreations. Lana's new website provides an opportunity for moreinteraction and personal contact with her fans. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [News Article Editor: Christopher Simmons, Senior News Editor] CAUGHT IN THE ACT - ART HEIST BY THE FOURTH LARGEST NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM 'AN INSIDE JOB,' CLAIMS ARTIST PETER ANTON GUILFORD, CT - (Send2Press Newswire) - Oct. 28, 2003 -- Everyone has hada great idea and had a boss or coworker steal it and get all the credit.Throughout history artists have been vulnerable to having their ideasand visions stolen by predators, too -- but the last thing an artistexpects is that the predator would be a museum. Artist Peter Anton sayshe was "ripped off" by the fourth largest natural history museum in theworld. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [News Article Editor: Christopher Simmons, Senior News Editor] MISS BLACK NEW YORK USA SEEKS CONTESTANTS NEW YORK, NY - Sept. 8, 2003 (Send2Press Newswire) -- The Miss Black NewYork USA (www.missblackusa.org) will be accepting applications and feesfrom contestants through to deadline date, November 1, 2003. Contestantsmust be United States citizens, single (unmarried) females between theages of 18 and 27 at time of competition. In addition, contestants must beresidents of the state of New York. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [News Article Editor: Christopher Simmons, Senior News Editor] MULTI-CULTURAL GROUP SHOW INAUGRATES THE JOYCE GORDON GALLERY IN OAKLAND Seventeen Bay Area Artists Join Forces to Present a Dynamic and CompellingExhibition Robert Redford to Join in Tribute to Artists and Innovative Gallery OAKLAND, CALIF. - August 28, 2003 (Send2Press Newswire) -- Seventeen BayArea artists will be featured in a group exhibition at the formal openingof the Joyce Gordon Gallery with a reception on Thursday, September 4thfrom 6:30pm 9:00pm. Winston Branch, University of California, BerkeleyArt Professor, has curated the show which includes 79 artistic works of 10men and seven women ages 26 to 62 years old. The artists from Africa,England, Germany, Iran and the Philippines have studied in the Bay Areaand made it their home. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [News Article Editor: Christopher Simmons, Senior News Editor] RARELY-EXHIBITED ASIAN FINE ART COMES TO THE U.S. Goo San Sui Imports Ancient Treasures of the National Palace Museum NEW YORK, NEW YORK - August 11, 2003 (Send2Press Newswire) -- While manyaspects of Asian Culture have made their way into the heart of WesternCivilization - the food, the tea, the pottery, the films, the fabric -Westerners have not traditionally had the opportunity to feast their eyeson Ancient Asian Fine Art. This is an Art far different from those scrollpaintings abundantly found on the streets of any major urban Chinatown.Now, Goo San Sui, Inc. (www.goosansui.com) and the National Palace Museum(Taipei) have collaborated to introduce exactingly reproduced AncientChinese Scroll Paintings to the U.S. > READ NEWS ARTICLE [Newswire Editor: Christopher Simmons, Senior PR News Editor] ANIME NETWORK TO PROVIDE iN DEMAND WITH PROGRAMMING FOR SEPTEMBER HIGH-DEF EXHIBITION INHD, INHD2 Will Target Entertainment Enthusiasts Who Demand MoreHigh-Definition Programming NEW YORK - July 1, 2003 (Send2Press Newswire) -- iN DEMAND, the nation's leadingprovider of VOD and PPV programming, and the Anime Network, the firstcable channel in North America dedicated to anime (Japanese animation),have announced an agreement for the Anime Network to provide content inHigh-Definition on iN DEMAND's suite of 24-hour linear High-Definitionchannels, INHD and INHD2. The announcement was made today by RobJacobson, Chief Operating Officer, iN DEMAND and Kevin Corcoran, Presidentof Anime Network. > READ NEWS ARTICLE Click Here to View Other Recent News Stories > Related News Categories: > Music and Recording Industry News > TV & Cable Industry News A Member of the BBBonline Reliability Program CLICK TO VERIFY Read Our Better Business Bureau Reliability Report Click Here to Contact Send2Press  Website Search: Our Website Current News News (pre-2005) Publication Lists Services Celebrating Our 23rd Year: Jan. 1983 to Jan. 2006 LearnMore Read Recent Client Newswire Placements on: MarketWatch The Ad Industry Finance Canada FURL LookSmart PubNewswire Google News Hoovers eNewsChannels Yahoo! News Send2Press RSS Feed > Most Recent News > eNewsChannels Add Our News Headlines to Your Website Free Free headline feed Journalists & Editors: Choose your news! Sign up for newswire releases in yourpreferred topic(s). Privacy protected. MORE INFO This Website Powered By Neotrope Hosting  Top of Page | Home Page | E-mail This Page  What Our Customers Have to Say... "You folks provide a great service! We are a new technology and research company, and our technology is developing into applications at blazing speed. Ironically, a friend who works at a big technology PR firm blew 'Send2Press' in my ear last fall, so I tried it out. You've taken away the pain for small-to-medium sized companies who have a story to tell too. Thanks!"  Jim Callough;Kubota Research Associates, Inc. More Testimonials | Press Release Services | Press Release Writing | Contact Us Classic Send2Press News Categories by Industry and by State Accounting News Advertising  Marketing News Aerospace  Aviation News African-American News Agriculture  Farming News Animals and Pets News Apple Mac  iPod News Arts  Entertainment News Auction News Auto  Motorsports News Banking Industry News Biotech News Book Industry News Computer Industry News Construction News Defense Industry News eCommerce News Education  E-Learning News eMarketing News Employment News Entertainment Industry News Energy News Family and Parenting News Fashion Industry News Food, Wine  Cooking News Fitness Industry News Home Entertainment News Insurance Industry News  Interior Design News Internet Radio News Internet Technology News Investor News Jewelry News Latino Interest News Legal News Manufacturing News Medical News Military  Defense News Multimedia News Music Industry News Native American News NonProfit News Neurotech News Peace  Ecology News PDF Solutions News Podcasting News Political News Public Company News Radio  TV Industry News Real Estate Industry News Religion  Church News Retail Industry News Security Solutions News Software Industry News Sports News Telecom Industry News  Trade Show News Transportation Industry News Travel Industry News U.S. Business News VoIP News Web Site  DotCom News Web Hosting News Alabama News Arizona News California News Colorado News Connecticut News Delaware News District of Columbia News Florida News Georgia News Hawaii News Idaho News Illinois News Indiana News Iowa News Kansas News Kentucky News Louisiana News Maine News Maryland News Massachusetts News  Michigan News Minnesota News Mississippi News Missouri News Nebraska News Nevada News New Hampshire News New Jersey News New Mexico News New York Netwire  North Carolina News Ohio News Oklahoma News Oregon News Pennsylvania News Rhode Island News South Carolina News Tennessee News Texas Netwire  Utah News Vermont News Virginia News Washington State News West Virginia News Wisconsin News Canada Business Wire International News Wire  Copr.  1983-2007 Neotrope  all rights reserved. Privacy/Legal Statements Business Press Release Services | Compare News Distribution Plans | Agency Program | How to Order PR Services Add-on Options | Price List | SEO+PR Services | Press Release Writing | Publication Lists Client Testimonials | Recent Clients | About Us | Contact Us | Newswire Channels | Site Map Podcast Coaching Services | Press Release Optimization News About Send2Press | Send2Press Weekly Podcasts | RSS/XML Feed Free News Articles  