 Join us, its free Log In Subscribe About Us Help MORE Magazine test  Search:  php// dsm();? Back to Entertainment : Humor A Parent's Guide to Body Art by Donna Cavanagh  Guest Writer { View Profile }  Photograph: Photo by iStock. Last week, my daughter and I were chatting in the hot tub when she brought up the topic of tattoos.At first, I thought I didnt hear her correctly since the water was bubbling in my ears, so I sat up straight. What?Did you say tattooson you? Not me!Good God, Mother, I know your feelings on me getting inked! Yes, my daughter knows I do not approve of her getting a tattoo. In fact, it is more than a disapproval; I have a signed contract that says she cant have a tattoo. Yes, you read that right. This legal contract was the best parental victory of my life. This is how it came to be. Picture it:a 15-year-old girl eyeing sparkly belly-button rings in the jewelry store at the Jersey shore.She turns to me and says, Mom, I really want my belly button pierced. Cant you talk to Dad and get him to say okay? Well, if you would show a little more enthusiasm with school this coming year, I could probably get Daddy to go along with it, but I am talking First Honors  and no detentions. And maybe then for your 16 th birthday, we can see. I can do that, she assured me. No detentions! Did you hear that part? I reiterated. I had to reiterate that part because, frankly, my daughter was the queen of detentions.I cant remember a year, including Pre-K, where she did not have to sit for at least one detention.In her defense, her detentions were mostly due to her propensity to disagree vocally with school protocol.She wasnt disrespectfuljust opinionated. For the record, I have no idea where she gets this trait. It must be from her fathers side. Anyway, when her 16 th birthday came around, she reminded me of my promise of the belly-button piercing.I said I would check with her father, who I thought would be a stand-up guy and say no way, but he didnt.I stood there with my mouth open in shock as he gave his approval. You are going to let them put a hole in my babys belly? Look at that belly! I yelled as I threw her baby book in his face. Its a belly button. Would you rather her get her tongue or nipple pierced? The thought of either of those things made me want to throw up, so I relentednot happily, but I did.What I was not prepared for was that I had to go with her and watch some stranger put a hole through her perfect little belly button.It had to be me because my husband passes out whenever any kind of needle comes near a human body.His fear of needles was part of the reason why I went drug free during childbirth. Yes, no drugs made the whole labor process difficult, but I have to admit that the mileage I have gotten from that guilt trip turned out to be better than I could have ever imagined, so the pain was well worth it. Anyway, I made inquiries as to the best place to get this belly-button procedure done. Another mom recommended a studio called World of Body Art. She could attest that the artists at this facility were both talented and hygienic. So, I made an appointment and there we met Joe, who explained how he would pierce my babys bellythat cute little belly that I kissed and rubbed with baby lotion in an effort to keep it so soft and rash-free. At first I didnt like Joe. He looked like a bigger version of Willie Nelson with lots of piercings and tattoos. His office had pictures of all the body parts that one can pierce. As I stared at this walking work of inked art, I have to admit that I was comforted to see so much jewelry pinned to his body because it showed me he believed in his profession even though he did sort of look like hed spent too many years hanging out with the Hells Angels.I am not trying to insult that fine upstanding motorcycle club in any way, but I think even they might admit that some of their members have a tendency to go overboard on the body painting. 1 2 next › last » What’s your reaction? Facebook Twitter Digg Mail Print Comments Post new comment Click to add a comment related_storiesQT Related Stories Key Terms (tags) for this story: Humor, Entertainment, Attitudes,   Notable, Quotable and Just Plain Funny! July/August 2013 Edition 2013-08-06 09:40 Humor | Entertainment   Shake Up Your Senses 2013-07-22 16:41 Humor | Entertainment | Wellness | Food & Travel | Attitudes |  Learn Something New Every Day 2013-07-22 16:33 Humor | Entertainment | Wellness |  Decorate Your Cake Via YouTube 2013-07-22 16:14 Humor | Entertainment | Attitudes |  Run a Marathon...on an Elliptical 2013-07-22 16:01 Humor | Entertainment | Attitudes |  Notable, Quotable and Just Plain Funny! June 2013 Edition 2013-07-08 14:30 Humor | Entertainment   How to Retrain Your Brain Brilliantly 2013-06-21 12:03 Humor | Entertainment | Attitudes |  Conquer Your Technophobia 2013-06-21 12:03 Humor | Entertainment | How To | Attitudes |  Could You Chat Up 10 Strangers a Day for a Week? 2013-06-14 12:03 Humor | Entertainment | Attitudes |  Could You Tweak Your Looks? 2013-06-14 12:03 Humor | Entertainment | Anti Aging | Second Acts | Attitudes | Makeovers | Showing Stories 1- ›  Smart Savings Visit More Magazine on Facebook  Celebrities, Movies, TV  Music Books Food  Travel Humor Beauty Hair Anti-Aging Skin Makeup Beauty Search Contest 2013 Fashion Clothing Shoes  Accessories Makeovers Swim  Lingerie Women of Style  Substance Celebrities Style Blog Entertainment Celebrities, Movies, TV  Music Books Food  Travel Humor Health Wellness Fitness Healthy Eating Breast Cancer Perimenopause  Menopause Reinvention  Money Careers  Work Money  Finance Second Acts News Women’s Issues Personalities Politics  Opinion Relationships Sex  Love Marriage  Divorce Attitudes MORE Dating Member Voices Your Stories Blogger of the Moment Your Letters Events Wells Fargo Stories Half Marathon Escape with MORE MORE  CARE Beauty Search Contest 2013 Be a MORE Opinionista MORE Uncorked Beauty Fashion Entertainment Health Reinvention  Money News Relationships Member Voices Events about us help customer service Contact Us Sitemap log in subscribe give a gift more must haves advertise in more magazine advertise on more.com data policy privacy policy AdChoices Real Girls Network FitnessMagazine.com DivineCaroline.com More.com LHJ.com SiempreMujer.com  Copyright 2012, Meredith Corporation . All Rights Reserved | By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Service.   