  Customer Service Digital Give a Gift Subscribe eNewsletter  Restaurants Search Restaurants Food We Love Local Producers Reviews Shopping Search Local Shops Fashion  Style Home  Garden Outdoor Gear Arts  Culture Arts  Entertainment Events Calendar News  Features Northwest Travel Coastal Guide Islands Hotels Mountains Camping and Hiking Weekend Getaways Wineries Eastern Washington Blogs Vote Now: 2013 Seamless in Seattle Readers Choice Poll Top Doctors 2013 Seattle Bride magazine  Home » Arts  Culture » Arts  Entertainment » Music Tweet Best New Seattle Bands The local musicians, singers and songwriters that keep us moving. By: Eran Afner Poulsbo band Lemolo PHOTO CREDIT: James Bailey Alt-Country/Folk Case Studies Sounds Like: Leonard Cohen meets Fleet Foxes First Album: The World Is Just a Shape to Fill the Night ; released in August The story: Hipster hearts broke last year over the disbanding of The Dutchess and the Duke. Thankfully, Jesse “the Duke” Lortz (and friends) didn’t wait long to pick up where DD left off. Case Studies rekindles his signature “campfire punk,” but with a new, more stripped-down, Leonard Cohen–style sound, primarily featuring vocal harmonies and guitar. Set up more like an art project than a traditional band, Case Studies also showcases Lortz’s visual art, which he calls “by-products of the songs I’ve written.” (See the diorama on the cover of The World Is Just a Shape to Fill the Night as well as jewelry Lortz designed for a small number of limited editions.) RB/Neo-Soul/Hip-Hop Fly Moon Royalty Sounds Like: Janelle Monáe meets Santigold First Album: Fly Moon Royalty ; released in February The story: Composed of vocalist Adra Boo and DJ/producer Emcee Action Jackson (shown above), Fly Moon Royalty emerged early this year on Seattle hip-hop label Sportin’ Life Records. FMR’s sound—also tagged electro-soul—blends Jackson’s electronic arrangements (and raps on a few cuts) with Boo’s powerful vocals (laced with a seductive vibe, thanks to her roots in the burlesque community) to create catchy hooks and soulful rhymes. The duo embodies an old-school hip-hop and RB vibe with the energy to turn any crowd into a Soul Train–style dance party. reverbnation.com/flymoonroyalty Rock My Goodness Sounds Like: Fugazi meets The White Stripes First Album: My Goodness ; released in April The story: My goodness, do we love these guys! Guitarist/vocalist Joel Schneider and drummer Ethan Jacobsen (above) are the duo behind this explosive sound. From the first beat, My Goodness’ music grabs hold and roars through your body like a sonic thrill ride. Previously in different bands, the pair teamed up last year to play music they had been keeping to themselves—music that reflects their take on goodness. The band’s blend of rock, blues and punk has a gritty, garage attitude with a classically trained finesse. Like Seattle indie label Sarathan Records (which reportedly signed My Goodness halfway through hearing the band’s second song), we, too, were instantly hooked. mygoodnesslovesyou.com Dream-Pop Lemolo Sounds Like: A mix of Feist and Florence and the Machine First album: Lounge Light (EP); released in April, 2010 The story: Seattle has been smitten with the ladies of Lemolo (the name comes from the duo’s favorite road in their hometown, Poulsbo) since first meeting them last spring. This year, we fell head over heels after the pair recorded a KEXP In-Studio live performance, and dazzled summer crowds at the Capitol Hill Block Party, Doe Bay Music Fest and Bumbershoot. Meagan Grandall’s mesmerizing voice (she also plays guitar and keyboards) casts a welcome spell, while Kendra Cox—Lemolo’s other half—keeps the rhythm rolling on drums and keys. The songs are sweetly simple, yet profoundly moving. At press time, we were eagerly awaiting the debut full-length album, due out any minute. lemolomusic.com Watch: Electro-Pop Beat Connection Sounds Like: Moby meets New Order in an underwater dream First Album: Surf Noir (EP); released in April The story: Part of Seattle’s emerging chill wave scene (which is just what it sounds like), Beat Connection struck a visceral chord with the serene soundscapes on this year’s debut EP. University of Washington students Jordan Koplowitz and Reed Juenger are the boys behind the beats, concocting dreamy synth-pop that layers drum machines, electric guitar, synthesizers, sampling and effects. Gaining momentum since late 2010 via a live on-air performance at KEXP and a deal with U.K. label Moshi Moshi, the pair is finishing up 2011 with a national tour. The infectious, happy music is both beautiful and hypnotic, instantly whisking the mind away to a sunny beach vacation—something particularly precious to a city so often sequestered in gray gloom. myspace.com/beatconnexion World Polyrhythmics Sounds Like: Fela Kuti with a James Brown twist First Album: Labrador ; released in June The story: An Afro-Cuban-funk orchestra from Seattle? You bet your congas. The Polyrhythmics formed in early 2010 and released a (now sold-out) self-titled EP. This year, the debut full-length Labrador (fan-funded through Kickstarter), was quickly signed to Chicago distributor Dusty Groove and began distribution in July. In November, the band released a 45 (7-inch vinyl single), “The Imposter,” on Canadian label Kept Records. The eight-piece powerhouse brings together elements of Afro beat, samba, funk and jazz to create a global, infectious groove that’s wholly its own—and the catchy horn harmonies and fierce yet fluid rhythm section might just make your ears sweat. tip: Members of the group also play improvised jazz under the moniker Unsinkable Heavies. polyrhythmics.com Categories: Music Tweet Related Articles An Exclusive Musical Tribute to the Viaduct  Comments  Cuisine Type American (Casual) American (Contemporary) Asian Bakery Bar or Brewpub Barbeque Breakfast Brunch Burgers Caribbean Chinese Coffee Shop Deli Dessert Eclectic Ethiopian Filipino Fish  Chips French German Greek Hawaiian Indian Italian Japanese Korean Latin American Mediterranean Mexican Middle Eastern Northwest Oyster Bar Pho Pizza Sandwiches Scandinavian Seafood Southern Spanish Steakhouse Sushi Takeout Tapas Thai Vegetarian Vietnamese Wine Bar Neighborhood Ballard  Beacon Hill  Bellevue  Belltown  Capitol Hill/First Hill  Central District  Chinatown/International District  Columbia City  Downtown  Eastlake  Eastside  Fremont  Georgetown/SoDo  Green Lake  Greenwood/Phinney Ridge  Kirkland  Madison Park/Madison Valley  Madrona  Magnolia/Interbay  Maple Leaf/Wedgwood  North Seattle  Pike Place Market  Pioneer Square  Puget Sound Islands  Queen Anne  Rainier Valley  South King County  South Lake Union  University District/Roosevelt  Wallingford  West Seattle Print | Digital Give a Gift Customer Service eNewsletter Most Popular Stories [ Food We Love ] Queen Annes Newest Pizza Place: The Masonry [ Restaurants ] South-End Restaurant Openings and Reopenings; Craft Beer + Food [ Best Restaurants ] Best Restaurants for Dinner 2013 [ Best Restaurants ] Best Restaurants for Lunch [ Summer Guide ] Your Guide to the Best Summer Ever: Hide Away This Week's Events Full list Tue 27 Wed 28 Thu 29 Fri 30 Sat 31 Sun 1 Mon 2 Thursday, August 29th Music La Luz at Seattle Presents  WIN IT! Savor the San Juans Getaway Contest WIN IT! Tickets to Explore Design Home Tour Luly Yang Sample Sale Seattle magazines Community Involvement Program Making a Difference  Special Advertising Section Five Star Professional Real Estate Agents Mortgage Professionals Home/Auto Insurance Professionals Wealth Managers  Featured Professionals Special Advertising Section: Doctors Guide Special Advertising Section: Dentist Guide  SEATTLE MAGAZINE Connect: RESTAURANTS Seach Restaurants Reviews Food We Love Local Producers SHOPPING Fashion  Style Home  Garden Outdoor Gear ARTS  CULTURE Events Calendar Arts  Entertainment News  Features NORTHWEST TRAVEL Camping and Hiking Weekend Getaways EXPLORE SEATTLE Neighborhoods Best Restaurants Top Doctors OUR SISTER SITES Northwest Home Seattle Bride Seattle Business Seattle Health SUBSCRIBE Give a Gift Subscribe | Digital Customer Service eNewsletters Magazine Archive INSIDE SEATTLE Events  Giveaways  About Contact Us Address Change Jobs  Internships Writer Guidelines Editors Bios Advertise  Copyright 2011 Tiger Oak Publications. All Rights Reserved. 