   London Borough of Lewisham Skip to main content Login / Register Accessibility A - Z of services Contact us Complaints procedure  Home My services Mayor  Council Do it online In my area Get involved Find it on a map Home  In my area  Arts and entertainment Events Neighbourhoods Arts and entertainment Your local arts Arts resources and advice Promoting your arts activities Creative industries Arts learning The cultural scene Markets Parks and open spaces Local history and heritage Regeneration Lewisham Life magazine Shop local Lewisham venues and arts spaces Census 2011 Arts and entertainment Page Content 1 ​Lewisham has a vibrant and thriving cultural sector with outstanding creative organisations, artists and destinations. There are always exceptional and diverse arts events taking place right across the borough from fringe theatre to contemporary dance; festivals to film screenings; courses to concerts. We develop, support and promote opportunities for everyone to participate in the arts. Lewisham has one of the fastest growing creative industries sectors in London with over 600 businesses in the digital and media sector alone. We support creative organisations through advice, networks and training. Find arts events View the arts directory Add your organisation to the arts directory (login required) View the venues directory Sign up for ArtsMonth ​Giving you the arts highlights in Lewisham each month. Publicise your events ​Tell us about the events you're organising.   Page Content 2 Your local arts Everyone can take part in local arts activities. Arts resources and advice Find inspiration, planning tools and information. Promoting the arts We provide advice, funding and marketing for the borough's arts. Creative industries One of the fastest growing creative boroughs in the capital. Arts learning There's a huge range of arts learning opportunities across all art forms. The cultural scene Cutting edge galleries, vibrant venues and renowned arts institutions. Arts volunteering Find diverse and exciting volunteering opportunities. Funding for arts projects Opportunities and funding streams. Page Content 3 Contact  Cultural Development - Arts Tel: 020 8314 7858 Email: cultural.development@lewisham.gov.uk Print this page Content Promos There's lots going on for young people Find things to do A to Z for older people Find services and activities. Useful websites Arts Council England Voluntary Arts Network Creative Process Lewisham Education Arts Network (LEAN) Cultural Industries Development Agency London Borough of Lewisham Tel: 020 8314 6000 (24 hours) Contact us © Lewisham 2013 About this site Help Terms and Conditions Open data and transparency Cookies Feedback   