 Best Buy Automotive Equipment Best Buy Auto Equipment is your premium source for automotive equipment, car lifts and tire changers. We have locations across the nation, including California, Arizona, Florida, Michigan and Ohio. 6 Month No Interest Financing 855-275-5141 855-275-5141 To Order Call: work +1-855-275-5141 Monday-Saturday 9am-8pm Eastern Monday-Friday    Best Buy Automotive Equipment Car Lifts We offer car lifts from the biggest names in auto lift manufacturing: BendPak, and Forward Lift. We will help you pick the right car lift for your needs. For the professional auto repair shop, we stock industry certified automotive lifts: 2 post lifts , 4 post lifts , alignment lifts , heavy duty 4 post lifts , and motorcycle lifts . We also cater to the car collectors who want the best garage equipment for their shop. Four post car storage lifts will keep your investment safe and make it easy to take your car for a weekend drive. Our two post car lifts range in lifting capacity from 7,000 lbs. to 18,000 lbs. Our four post auto lifts are rated from 8,000 lbs. to 14,000 lbs. The heavy duty four post car lifts range from 14,000 lbs. to 60,000 lbs. lifting capacity. If you need an auto lift. We have it. Motorcycle Lifts Our variety of motorcycle lifts offer the perfect fit for any kind of motorcycle. From cruisers to dirt bikes and ATVs, we can help you pick the right table lift for your garage. Call us today at 1-855-275-5141 or email us at info@bestbuyautoequipment.com . Tire Changers and Wheel Balancers We carry Ranger, Coats, Bosch, Ammco tire changers and more. We also stock Coats, Ranger, Bosch wheel balancers and more. Check out our great deals on tire changer / wheel balancer combos! Whatever your tire changer-wheel balancer needs, we have the right automotive equipment for your shop. Whether it's an affordable tire changer you need or a wheel balancer for a high volume shop, we have it. See all the tire changers and wheel balancers that we carry. Air Compressors View our selection of air compressors for both the professional auto mechanic or the car hobbyist. Important for helping power a wide range of your auto equipment. The output of these air machines can run air impact guns, air sanders, air grinders, air sandblasters, air cut off tools, air sandblast cabinets, 3/4" guns, 1" guns and more. See the air compressor models that we carry. See all of our air compressor models. Smog Test Equipment We sell certified smog machines for California, Georgia, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Texas. Owning this auto equipment engineered to meet your state's emissions testing requirements will also help boost your business' profitability and repair revenues. See of the smog test equipment that we offer. Brake Lathes The wide range of brake lathes that we carry offer the simplicity and durability required for all levels of technicians. These brake lathe models handle virtually all passenger and light truck rotors, drums and flywheels. Options for this essential piece of auto equipment for working on brake drums and rotors includes the following: single speed, multi-speed, on car brake lathe and bench lathes. See all the brake lathe models that we carry and their accessories. Air Conditioning Equipment To service air conditioning equipment for your professional garage, we offer a large selection of auto equipment from all of the top brands: RTI, Flo-Dynamics, UView, ATD, Mastercool, Tracerline, TIF, Robinair and more. There are many pieces of equipment needed for AC repair: recovery/recycle/recharge machines , vacuum pumps , refrigerant leak detectors , temperature guns and gauges , valve core service and repair tools , AC flush , etc. See all of our air conditioning equipment products. Auto Alignment Equipment For repairing auto alignment, you will need a wheel alignment system and an alignment rack. We carry alignment systems from Ranger, Hofmann and Bosch. This kind of garage equipment can be used for wheel alignment for high volume workshops and very affordable models for lower volume needs. Our alignment lifts are manufactured by BendPak and Auto Lift. The four-post alignment lifts from BendPak are engineered to meet the demands of even the toughest professionals. The BendPak alignment racks are ETL and ALI certified. Fluid Exchange Transmission fluid exchange machines can make the fluid exchange process easy and the machines can be compatible with most foreign and domestic vehicles. We carry fluid exchange from Flo-Dynamics, Motorvac, RTI and T-Tech. Coolant flush and fill machines can exchange virtually all of the used coolant mixture in a vehicle's coolant system. Power steering fluid exchange machines can make the changeover between different power steering fluid types quick and easy. Jacks  Shop Presses We stock all of the essential auto equipment for the professional mechanic and hobbyist. We carry every kind of jack that you need: transmission jacks , air jacks , floor jacks and more. Also, we sell several kinds of shop presses , auto rotisseries and dollies . Whatever shop equipment you need, we'll help you get it. If you need help deciding what auto equipment your shop needs, call us at 1-855-275-5141 or email us at: sales@bestbuyautoequipment.com . Experienced in Selling Auto Equipment Best Buy Automotive Equipment has been in business for over 22 years with over 80 years of combined staff experience. We have sales and service support staff that speak 2 different languages: English, Spanish. With A Wider Selection of Garage Equipment Best Buy Automotive Equipment is one of the largest automotive repair equipment dealers in the U.S. We stock thousands of items at our warehouses. This volume of business allows us to bring you both the best prices and top quality automotive equipment. Offering Superior Customer Service for your Shop Equipment Best Buy Automotive Equipment's #1 concern is taking care of you the customer. We are fully staffed with a technical support team to assist you with any questions or service related issues you have about your shop equipment. If we don't know the answer we'll find it for you. Our warehouses have Show rooms for you to check out our variety of automotive shop equipment as well as fully stocked parts rooms for service after your purchase. Many OTHER distributors will sell you shop equipment but when you call them for help they slam the door on your face. At Best Buy Automotive Equipment we will get you the best price as well as excellent customer service. Providing the brands of Auto Equipment you trust in your garage We carry a full range of automotive lifts , car storage lifts , 2 post lifts , 4 post lifts , motorcycle lifts , motorcycle tire changer , tire changers , wheel balancers , motorcycle wheel balancers , brake lathes , trans Jacks , shop presses and much much more. We have over 25,000 items in stock. Best Buy Automotive Equipment can provide you with automotive equipment from all the major manufacturers of auto repair equipment such as: OTC, SPX, FORWARD LIFT, BENDPAK, RANGER, ROBINAIR, RTI, ATD TOOLS, ACCUTURN, AMMCO, COATS, BRANICK, HOFMANN, INGERSOLL-RAND, MASTERCOOL, SOLAR, CLARKE, LINCOLN, MOTORVAC, KL, LISLE, INSTA-CLEAN, CHIEF, MO-CLAMP, JOHN BEAN, KLEENTEC AND MANY MORE! Our relationship with these companies allows us to offer the highest quality automotive equipment at the lowest possible prices. Give us a call and let us help you find the garage equipment you need. search Call us toll free: 1-800-647-7883 . Contact Us Financing Combo Packages Tool Promos Lifts Car Lifts 2 Post Lifts 4 Post Lifts 4 Post Heavy Duty Lifts Auto Lift Accessories Alignment Lifts Alignment Lift Combos Motorcycle Lifts Parking Lifts Specialty Lifts Rotisserie Motorcycle Trailers Tire Changers Tire Changers Tire Changer / Wheel Balancer Combos Motorcycle Tire Changers Wheel Balancers Wheel Balancers Wheel Tools and Equipment Motorcycle Wheel Balancers Shop Equipment A/C Air Chucks,Blow Guns Air Compressors Air Gauges, Filtration Air Hose Reels Air Hoses, Couplers & Nipples Air Jacks Air Lift Jacks Alignment Systems Alignment Tools Battery, Starter Charging Testers Battery Boosters / Jump Starters Battery Chargers Battery Jumper Cables Battery Tools Body Shop Equipment Bottle Jacks Brake Tools Brake Lathes Brake Lathe Adapters Brake Lathe Accessories Brake System Diagnostics Brake bleeders and flushers Coolant Flush and Fill Machines Cooling System Diagnostics Creepers Drill Presses and Vertical Mills Engine Hoists, Engine Stands Exhaust Fluid Equipment Exhaust Service Exhaust Venting Exhaust, Water, Oil, Leak Detection Evap Leak Detectors Fans & Blowers Forklift Jacks Frame Machine Fuel System Cleaners Fuel System Cleaner Diesel Fluid Exchange Fluid Handling - Fluid Evacuators Gas Caddies Headlight Aimers Heaters Shop heaters Hose Reels Jacks Lube Motor Oil Flush Machines Nitrogen Tire Filling Systems Oil Drains Oil Filter Crushers Oil Filter and Drain Plug Wrenches Parts Washers Pipe Benders - Exhaust Power Train Lifts Power Steering Fluid Exchange Portable Power Generators Pressure Washers Sand Blasters, Parts Washers Scan, Meter, Measure Sheet Metal Brakes Shop Presses Smog Machines Strut and Spring Compressors Transmission Fluid Exchange Transmission Jacks Transmission Service Tools & Equipment Underhoist Stands Vehicle Lock-Out/Emergency Tools Welding Equipment Wet/Dry Vacuums Wheel Dollies Vehicle Repair Wheel Dollies Truck Tools Abrasives-Cut Closeouts Come Alongs, Chain Hoists Cordless Ratchets Flashlights General Supplies Hand Tools Inspection Tools Lighting Measurement Tools Material Handling Novelties & Promotional Products Porta-Power Power Tools Pullers and Slide Hammers Safety-Personal Shop Vises and Clamps Tape - Attachment, Marking and Tread Vehicle Repairing Water Hoses, Reels and Tanks Garage Storage Tool Storage & Wall Join our mailing list! How PayPal Works Owned  Operated in  the U.S. since 1987 Se Habla Español Traducción de Páginas Web  About Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Bookmark Us (Ctrl + D) Contact Us | Product Index | Category Index | Help Copyright  2012 www.bestbuyautoequipment.com.All Rights Reserved. e-Commerce by Volusion 