   travel agents australia     Saturday, September 15, 2012 T-Shirt Humor: an American Revolution - Arts  Entertainment - The ... America is the home of instant gratification. We like our cars, movies, internet, and jokes the way we like our food: fast. In the spirit of this America has become one of the first groups of people who took our humor from the internet and elsewhere and pasted it on our shirts, because why leave the funnies behind when you have to go to the store? Not only do we put jokes on our shirts, but lately the quality of these jokes has become more defined and begun to outline a real profile of American humor. After 300 years of bickering we?ve finally agreed that a few things are just plain hilarious, and we can stand behind them united at last. Here are a few great defining American joke genres that we wear on our shirts with pride. Memes Some rights reserved by SevenLittleThings Ever since the world discovered 4chan and reddit the meme has taken over the internet. The truth is that memes have opened up an entirely new genre of humor in which a picture is reinterpreted out of context repeatedly, usually until one or several win out as the accepted best (I can haz cheeseburger?) or a theme is discovered after which the meme will be named (Sad Keanu). With a variety of texts superimposed over a picture we often no longer need anything in writing by the time they make their way onto a T-shirt. We?ll be standing in line behind one at Wal-Mart, and a variety of hilarious interpretations will immediately spew forth from our mouths even as a chorus of hipsters expresses their disdain. Understatement/Counter-irony Some rights reserved by Trip Deezil What I mean by counter-irony is humor that is so obvious that it?s ironic to mention. The quintessential example of this type of humor can be found by googling ?I beat Anorexia? in an image search, which will result in a gentleman wearing a shirt the size of a tent depicting the above-mentioned text along with some strategically placed grease stains. This type of humor originated in the t-shirt market, presumably the result of a brilliant shirt producer who decided to take the risk of offending some people in exchange for a solid chance at good all-American profit. Pop Culture Some rights reserved by arvindgrover It would be ridiculous to say that making fun of famous people is a pastime reserved purely for Americans. We certainly didn?t invent it. We however do pay more attention to our entertainers than anyone else in the world, and unlike politicians, these celebrities often feel free to express their personalities whichever way they please. As a result we get things like Tom Cruise?s scientology, or Britney Spears? head shaving incident as material to use in comedy. Inside Jokes Seeming slightly counter-productive one of the most common types of funny shirts we see every day are inside jokes. We don?t know why they?re funny and we don?t bother to figure it out. But every once in a while someone will begin laughing hysterically and utter an equally inconspicuous sounding quote as though it were comedic nirvana. These of course are references to web comics, TV-shows with cult followings, or comedians. Some rights reserved by Marco Gomes America has a unique comedic landscape expressed through our clothing. Our sense of humor reflects our culture in many ways. And the way we express it does so no less. The things we make fun of, the way we do so, and what mediums we use are all important in facilitating proper understanding and defining ourselves as a nation. Alice Jenkins is a graphic designer, writer, and avid t-shirt wearer. She enjoys blogging about all aspects of design, but particularly current trends in pop and alternative-culture fashion. She currently writes for youdesignit.com, where you can make Custom Design T Shirts Online. Source: http://www.thelunchbreakblog.com/arts-entertainment/2012/9/14/t-shirt-humor-an-american-revolution.html west memphis three shaun white taxes game of thrones season 2 trailer sag award winners girl scout cookies screen actors guild Posted by potopuv at 9:24 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook  No comments: Post a Comment Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Followers Blog Archive   2013 (1204)   August (21)    July (111)    June (212)    May (188)    April (177)    March (211)    February (146)    January (138)  2012 (1193)   December (190)    November (153)    October (21)  September (125) Google adds movie trailers to search results Kosovo PM: EU-led talks with Serbia must happen Here Are More Pictures and Video Showing Off the R... Spider-Man Sequel To Be Directed By Marc Webb Coyote Love Lasts Forever Debate: Is it helpful to describe British secular ... 2 more Somali journalists murdered; 1 is beheaded History Of Running As A Game ? Recreation and Spor... omicron antipodal: Why Aerobics Exercise is So Imp... SF Bicycle Coalition Launches Family Biking Guide ... Actor Johnny Lewis found dead in Los Angeles, susp... Losing ground in Ohio, Romney says his heart ache... Heath insurance tax burden to be borne by small bu... Israels Netanyahu draws his red line for Iran Simple.TV clarifies shipping dates, tells backers ... A-Z of Increasing Your Online Marketing ROI :- Fre... Fire Safety at Oakwood Park Business Centre Qatari leader: Arab nations should intervene in Sy... Hailo Launches App-Based Cab Service In Toronto As... Moral issues with Pirating Biden campaigns in GOP-voting Virginia suburb Vietnam retail revenues continue to rise | Vietnam... Attack on military vehicle kills 7 soldiers in eas... Practical and Helpful Tips: Management ? ArticleJe... Deal of the Day: 51% off Seidio SURFACE Reveal Cas... UK leader Cameron to appear on David Letterman Natomas Unified School District - Library Media Te... Judge exonerates former LA gang member of murder White Collar Crime Prof Blog: Abbe David Lowell to... Sweet Times For Cows As Gummy Worms Replace Corn F... Tweetings: Best Twitter app for Nexus 7 (and maybe... Muscat: Dr Veerendra Heggade to be Felicitated by ... Guarantor Financial loans Vs . Unsecured Loans fro... IRENA announces the International Off-Grid Renewab... Family Tree DNA moves to shorthand SNP nomenclatur... Remarkable enzyme points the way to reducing nitri... Finding Future Happiness | American Mothers S. A. ... Les Miserables Star Anne Hathaway Sings With Ex... zBoost Your Holidays ? zBoost Makes Connected Gadg... RVIA Scores a Victory in #39;Right to Repair#39;... Economy has bottomed out, census data suggests Poor Pain Control for Cancer Patients - NYTimes.co... Hispanics the focus as Romney pushes ahead Nigerian army: 2 radical sect leaders killed Video: Moving ceremony for Aung San Suu Kyi NASA astronaut Sunita Williams completes first-eve... Three Massachusetts Polls Show Obama Firmly Ahead ... Chicago Teachers Strike Ends Using Information and Communications ... - Investo... TechConnect and CTSI Announce i2i Awardees at SXSW... Gabby Douglas to appear on Vampire Diaries Cloud Computing Certifications You Can Take | Clou... Aaliyah May Not Have Wanted A Posthumous Album, Mi... Rejewvenation2005.com | Shopping and Product Revie... Video: How High Can Apple Go? Passion4Dancing The Best Online Dance Instruction,... RSS Feed Search Engine - Real-Time Search Powered ... Hezbollah urges protests against anti-Islam film Do You Trust Electronic Voting? [Chatroom] Trial set for butler who hoped to cleanse Vatican ... Obama to launch auto trade case against China: off... Alabama, LSU take over Top 25 _ again Wood stove parts - Get The Best Deals On The Buck ... Palace: Lawyers seek injunction over topless pics... Wallingford Real Estate Market Favors Sellers in A... Feed, NFL 12, and More [Ipad Apps Of The Week] SmackDown results: Sheamus? Brogue Kick remained b... What is Day trading investing? Hunter-Reay wins IndyCar title after Power crash T-Shirt Humor: an American Revolution - Arts  Ent... Chloe Sims and her former TOWIE co-star Maria Fowl... U.S. embassies attacked in Yemen, Egypt Would DMX Ever Work With Onetime Rival Jay-Z? PowerSkin launches NFC-friendly battery case for G... Wall Street opens flat ahead of Fed Putin condemns killing of U.S. envoy in Libya, war... Egypt actor wins appeal on insulting Islam verdict... Gut microbes help the body extract more calories f... iPhone 5 confirmed to use nano-SIM, current SIMs n... Careticker?s KnockedUp App Has Everything You Need... Sony A99: This Badass Pro DSLR Is Designed Like a ... Mesothelioma - A Layman#39;s Guide637413 - Multiv... Ways To Generate Profits With Currency Trading Tra... Report lists world?s 100 most endangered species Two gene mutations drive adrenal cancer Mars rover peeks at what lies beneath Mycophenolic Acid ? Comprehensive patent search | ... Testosterone marketing frenzy draws skepticism Zeek Advantages Assessment - Could It Be the Real... Muscle Building Jason Witten Jersey Tips For Fitne... SafeHouse Is A Legit Home Security System Powered ... A glance at the Pakistan-based Haqqani network Gabrielle Giffords Leads Inspiring Pledge of Alleg... Involve Continuous Sales Training | Traffic Genera... Miley Cyrus delays wedding to finish album Jacksonville soldiers suicide part of growing tre... Facebook closes its purchase of Instagram Online Jobs And Employment Source Lifetime Members... WSJ: Apple developing competitor to Pandora, could... Daytrading, Stock Trading, Investing and Forex Tra... Thread: Laguna Tools Resaw King blade - Family Woo... August Project 12: Back to School | Greensboro Hig... Jewish #39;Terrorists#39; - Yeshiva World News Mouse study suggests sleep problems may be early A... North jersey health and fitness - HEALTH, BEAUTY ... How Pay Per Click Advertising Can Help While in th... Morgan Stanley Cuts Facebook Forecast - Business I... Personal trainer | PT London | Personal Training i... Online Internet Income an Excellent Way for Strate... High Paying Part Time Jobs - Do Any Part Time ... ... Manage Unpaid Debts with Credit Counseling Service... Iraqs oil exports hit highest level in 30 years Obama hits Romney Obamacare slam, says I do care... Obamas re-election road: Hope and a hard climb Rebels hit army headquarters in Damascus Kristin Chenoweth Returns To The Good Wife Bread  Butter Teambuilding | rantingscot Daily Kos: Don#39;t Buy It: A conversation with c... sissibell: SO glad I saw her live in Berlin for he... DARPA asks gamers to cure blood disease seen on ba... Report: Apple to release 7.85-inch iPad in October... Swedish-Kenyan Wins Prize For Kenyan Biofuel Busin... Creating a Simple Windows 8 Game with JavaScript: ... Buffetts firm relying less on insurance units Medieval Japan ? Blog Archive ? Online Mecca for a...   August (153)    July (138)    June (134)    May (107)    April (46)    March (73)    February (53)    2011 (284)   December (37)    November (56)    October (46)    September (42)    August (31)    July (5)    June (18)    May (49)  About Me potopuv View my complete profile   Simple template. Template images by luoman . Powered by Blogger .  