  × × Welcome! Welcome Back! Thanks for being a frequent visitor to www.lompocrecord.com . You have now viewed of your FREE premium pages this 30-day period. After you have viewed FREE pages, we will ask you to purchase a subscription. To Continue reading, follow these steps: 1 2 1. Choose your subscription. Limited Time Offer Digital Only $0.99 /month 99 1st month, introductory rate ($6.95 after) Print Subscriber .99c Trial Offer 1 Month introductory rate ($1.95 after) $0.99 /month  Need Help? Call: 877.286.1686 Already have digital access? Sign in to your account. Please Wait Need Help? Call: 877.286.1686  Mobile e-Edition Subscribe Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  66 Clear Weekly Forecast Wednesday 76 57 Thursday 76 59 Friday 77 58 Saturday 73 55 sponsored by  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home News Topics Local Crime ArrestLog Education Government Business State World Weather Weird The Latest Love of math leads to ULA launch team Not eager to end up with a teaching career, Margarita Marquez wasn't sure how her love of math could add up to any other job — let alone one l Fog may hamper visibility of Delta 4-Heavy launch The weather forecast appears favorable for Wednesday’s attempt to launch a Delta 4-Heavy rocket and a top-secret spacecraft from south Vandenb Recent Gaviota Coast Plan up for more discussion Daily Record Central Coast Bandit nabbed, officials say Supervisors to consider ways to reduce jail population SM soldier killed in Afghanistan SB County winery ordinance changes up for public comment Arms control inspectors visit sites Daily Record Sports Topics HighSchool College Baseball Basketball Football Soccer MotorSports Olympics Rodeo YouthSports The Latest Knight time is almost here Gabi Brunello was part of a St. Joseph girls tennis team that made the postseason party in 2011. Machado ready for senior year at Harvard While attending Lompoc High School, Brandy Machado built up an impressive résumé. She had a grade-point average over 4.0 and played three spor Recent Braves get blast from the past, top alums Conqs lead with their hearts Braves banking on experience Lompoc High alumni volleyball tonight Beware football ad scam Kranz to tee off for Conqs Cabrillo trio play at Junior Olympics Conqs getting ready Opinion Topics Columnists Commentary Editorials LetterstotheEditor Submitaletter The Latest Final care, high costs I’m writing to add my voice to the question of charges for medical services, as referred to by a recent letter writer from Pismo Beach. Score an ace for youth club On behalf of the Boys  Girls Club of Santa Maria Valley, I would like to thank everyone for making our 14th Annual Ag for Youth Golf Tour Recent Little doubt about climate Obama leads to socialism When value systems fail Mysteries on the road Revealing inner pain Moving away from defense Another season of burning Pumping some economic life into the city Blogs AwareandPrepare CressPass TheDailyBailey GoingtheDistance Obituaries Entertainment Topics Books Calendar Comics Games Horoscopes Movies Music Puzzles The Latest Gallery to host Mac Kah workshop The C Gallery in Los Alamos, in collaboration with the highly regarded classical realist painter, Mary Kay West, and Cathy Duncan of the histo In ‘Cyrano,’ an outstanding lead performance in a long play The classic play “Cyrano de Bergerac” is now playing at PCPA in the Solvang Festival Theatre. And the play is only as good as the actor playin Recent ‘Cyrano de Bergerac’ opening in Solvang Balay and Newman shine in ‘Patsy Cline’ Fast on the draw Four artists in ‘EarthArt’ exhibit 12 finalists to seek ‘Rising Star’ title Sept. 7 Crazy for Patsy Cline Mesko featured artist of month ‘Spamalot’ is non-stop laughs Life Topics Announcements Calendar Columns FaithandValues Food HomeandGarden IntheMilitary Obituaries Recreation The Latest Students tend to their studies and gardens at school In a community closely associated with agriculture and horticulture, it is heartening to know that many district schools include activities re Arugula, corn and shaved parmesan salad Tomatoes abound, and corn is fresh and sweet. Add some arugula and shaved parmesan and we have a hearty salad that didn’t heat up the summer k Recent Bessie Valerie Guest Bessie Valerie Guest MR ARTHUR S. HERRERA, 71, resi MR ALLEN EDWARD PETERSON, 77, MR FRED JAMES HAUPT, 90, resid MR PAUL B. MAYNARD, 78, reside MR FRANK TONY DOMINGUEZ, 85, MRS JANE A. MCCOSKEY, 89, resi Brides Calendar Get It! Classifieds ViewAllClassifieds Automotive Jobs Merchandise Pets GarageSales Services LegalNotices PlaceAnAd Homes Topics OpenHouses Jobs Topics WorkHere  Quick Links High school sports Local government Vandenberg AFB Lifestyle columns Buy photos Home / Entertainment / Arts and Theatre SM Civic Ballet, Everybody Can Dance brings magic and humor  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email   2013-05-31T00:00:00Z SM Civic Ballet, Everybody Can Dance brings magic and humor Staff report Lompoc Record May 31, 2013 12:00 am  Staff report (0) Comments Firebird, Carnival of the Animals and Le Corsaire (The Pirate) will bring a world of fantasy for children and adults alike in performances by the Santa Maria Civic Ballet and Everybody Can Dance at 7 p.m. Saturday, June 15, and 3 p.m. Sunday, June 16, at the Clark Center for the Performing Arts, 487 Fair Oaks Ave. in Arroyo Grande. The magical Firebird is a phoenix, whose feathers give protection to those that possess them. The hero, Ivan, captures the Firebird, and in exchange for her release, she gives him a feather. She comes to his aid to help him defeat the evil magician, Kaschei (Bone Man), the Deathless, who controls an army of creatures: tree people, bats, witches, lizards, frogs and armadillos. Ivan will be portrayed by international ballet star, Anton Pankevich of Ballet San Jose, formerly of the Royal Ballet in London and New York City Ballet. Local dancers Juliet Peck and Katie Lester will alternate in the roles of Firebird and Bone Man. Peck is the artistic director for Firebird, and she designed the costumes, makeup, staging, sets and lighting. Another offering is Carnival of the Animals choreographed by Diane Zink, artistic director for both the Santa Maria Civic Ballet and Everybody Can Dance. Saint-Saens wrote the music for fun, and it contains many musical jokes. For Zink’s dance version, she added a layer of dance jokes. One of the serious movements, “The Swan,” will be performed by Zink. Also on the program will be Act III from Le Corsaire that takes place in a Turkish palace where a group of pirates make a bold rescue. Tickets are $17 for adults and $10 for a child and are available at the door or at 489-9444 or at www.clark center.org. See a performance video at www.everybodycandance.webs.com or Facebook. View (0) Comments No Comments Posted. Add Comment You must Login to comment. Click here to get an account it's free and quick More Arts and Theatre stories Gallery to host Mac Kah workshop In ‘Cyrano,’ an outstanding lead performance in a long play ‘Cyrano de Bergerac’ opening in Solvang Balay and Newman shine in ‘Patsy Cline’ Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 Lompoc Record. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Follow Us Facebook on Facebook Email Get email updates from Email Updates RSS Follow via RSS RSS Feeds Local advertising by PaperG #digital-access-promo { display:block; color:#fff; padding:5px 70px 5px 15px; margin:20px 0; font-size:16px; line-height:20px; position:relative; } #digital-access-promo span { background-color:#71155e; color:#fff; font-size:20px; padding:8px 4px; position:absolute; right:15px; top:-3px; }Get unlimited digital access 99 Deals, Offers and Events We offer FREE smoke detector checks! Happy Hour at Second Time Around Lompoc: 50% off on Selective Items! Recessed Can Lights Special - $100 each installed ** Book Sale Every Monday at Second Time Around Lompoc! Second Time Around Lompoc offers senior and military discounts! Most Popular Articles Comments Facebook Monster rocket set for liftoff Applebee’s opening on tap in Lompoc 4.2 magnitude earthquake reported off VAFB SM soldier killed in Afghanistan Man arrested in Lompoc armed robbery There are reasons for rules (8)  Applebee’s opening on tap in Lompoc (7)  Regarding racism today (4)  New school year ushers in changes (3)  Martner leading Lompoc Theatre restoration (3) Online e-Edition Read your newspaper online, anytime, anywhere! Read today's Lompoc Record print edition at any time from any computer. Your local news and information at your convenience! Read | Subscribe Featured Businesses View More... Second Time Around Lompoc LeeLocal - Lompoc Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University's Vandenberg Campus Lompoc Record Innovative Electric Find a local business I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory . Featured Ads Jobs Homes Rentals   Copyright 2013, Lompoc Record , 115 N. H Street Lompoc, CA | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Lompoc Apartments Lompoc Attorneys Lompoc Auto Dealers Lompoc Auto Parts Lompoc Auto Repair Lompoc Beauty Salons Lompoc Car Rental Lompoc Dentists Lompoc Doctors Lompoc Flowers Lompoc Hotels Lompoc Insurance Lompoc Loans Lompoc Mortgages Lompoc Movers Lompoc Pizza Lompoc Realtors Lompoc Restaurants Lompoc Storage Lompoc Tax Preparation Lompoc Travel More Lompoc Los Alamos Apartments Los Alamos Attorneys Los Alamos Auto Dealers Los Alamos Auto Parts Los Alamos Auto Repair Los Alamos Beauty Salons Los Alamos Car Rental Los Alamos Dentists Los Alamos Doctors Los Alamos Flowers Los Alamos Hotels Los Alamos Insurance Los Alamos Loans Los Alamos Mortgages Los Alamos Movers Los Alamos Pizza Los Alamos Realtors Los Alamos Restaurants Los Alamos Storage Los Alamos Tax Preparation Los Alamos Travel More Los Alamos Casmalia Apartments Casmalia Attorneys Casmalia Auto Dealers Casmalia Auto Parts Casmalia Auto Repair Casmalia Beauty Salons Casmalia Car Rental Casmalia Dentists Casmalia Doctors Casmalia Flowers Casmalia Hotels Casmalia Insurance Casmalia Loans Casmalia Mortgages Casmalia Movers Casmalia Pizza Casmalia Realtors Casmalia Restaurants Casmalia Storage Casmalia Tax Preparation Casmalia Travel More Casmalia Buelton Apartments Buelton Attorneys Buelton Auto Dealers Buelton Auto Parts Buelton Auto Repair Buelton Beauty Salons Buelton Car Rental Buelton Dentists Buelton Doctors Buelton Flowers Buelton Hotels Buelton Insurance Buelton Loans Buelton Mortgages Buelton Movers Buelton Pizza Buelton Realtors Buelton Restaurants Buelton Storage Buelton Tax Preparation Buelton Travel More Buelton Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, Lompoc Record. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with www.lompocrecord.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: www.lompocrecord.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 12:50:41 pm 