  about dmoz |  dmoz blog |  suggest URL | update listing | report abuse/spam |  help the entire directory only in Literature/Children's Description Top : Arts : Literature : Children's (813)  Authors (584) Awards and Bestsellers (9) Children's Series Books (85) Children's Space Books (1) Directories (3) Online Books (15) Poetry @  (34) Reviews (40) Shopping @  (105) Writing @  (39) Young Adult (50) Australian @  (68) British @  (6) Canadian @  (155) Spanish Books (1) See also: Arts: Illustration: Children's (150) Business: Publishing and Printing: Publishing: Books: Children (58) Kids and Teens: School Time: English: Literature: Classics (99) Reference: Education: Early Childhood: Subjects: Language Arts: Literature (24) Society: Folklore: Literature: Tales: Fairy Tales (223) This category in other languages: Chinese (6) Chinese Simplified (4) Czech (4) Dutch (44) Esperanto (64) French (67) German (11) Japanese (243) Norwegian (5) Portuguese (5) Russian (41) Spanish (60) Swedish (60) TĂźrkĂ§e (7) Bear in The Moon  - A children's reading website with poems, stories, songs and colorful illustrations.  Carol Hurst's Children's Literature Site  - Includes reviews of great children's books, classroom activities, lesson plans, and professional topics.  Centre for International Research in Childhood: Literature, Culture, Media  - British facility offers information on programs and events, news updates, discussion forum, and links.  Children's Book Council of Australia  - Offers support to authors and illustrators, annual awards, and events. Includes calendar of events, tips on getting published, and a quarterly journal.  Children's Books Central  - Collection of organized, annotated links to children's literature resources available on the web and by e-mail.  Children's Literature Council of Southern California  - Promotes literature for children and encourages excellence in the production and selection of books. Newsletter, calendar of events, award information, and speakers list.  Children's Literature Network  - Community of people who have a professional interest in children's books, reading, and publishing. Includes a directory of authors and illustrators, upcoming events, reading lists, volunteer opportunities, membership information, and a members' area.  Children's Literature Web Guide  - Internet resources related to books for children and young adults.  Children's Literature: A Guide to the Criticism  - Features searchable annotated bibliography which draws together significant articles, books, and dissertations of children's literature criticism.  Children's Picture Book Database   at Miami University  - A keyword-searchable database of over 4000 picture books; includes abstracts, subject classification, and Web links.  DLTK's Children's Book Breaks  - Free printable instructions and templates for crafts, coloring pages, and other activities to accompany favorite children's books.  Edmonton Children's Literature Roundtable  - Calendar of events, membership benefits, and award information. Canada.  Fables and Fairy Tales  - A classic collection of fairy tales,fables, and poems from 1909.  Fairrosa Cyber Library  - Offers a wide range of information on children's literature  Frank Rogers' Guide to Children's Literature on the Web  - A guide to Internet resources dealing with a wide variety of children's literature.  International Board on Books for Young People  - International network of those who are committed to bringing books and children together. News and information about activities.  Just One More Book: Children's Book Podcast  - Highlights a thrice-weekly podcast that promotes and celebrates literacy and great children's books.  Kay Vandergrift's Children's Literature  - Discusses children's literature and its impact on the lives of children.  Publishing Central: Children's Book Links  - Includes links to the best sites for children's literature from around the globe.  Surfing the Net with Kids: Banned Books Week  - The best sites for kids and teens in celebration of Banned Books Week, rated and reviewed by San Diego Union-Tribune columnist, Barbara J. Feldman. From 1998.  TeacherVision.com: Literature  - Provides enrichment activities and Internet links related to popular children's books.  The Foundation for Children's Books  - Works to help teachers, librarians, and parents select and use quality children's literature. Calendar of events, information about programs, newsletter, and award information. Boston, Massachusetts.  The Newbery Library  - Interactive site created by school children lists Newbery books, provides summaries and quizzes, and offers short biographies of some authors.  The Word Pool  - This UK children's book site provides book reviews, author profiles, ideas for reluctant readers and information for children's writers.  Toronto Children's Literature Roundtable  - Teachers, librarians, parents gather together four times a year to share, promote and discuss children's books.   Usenet rec.arts.books.childrens - news: - Google Groups " Children's "searchon: AOL - Ask - Bing - Gigablast - Google - Lycos - Yahoo - Yippy Copyright  2013 Netscape Terms of Use Visit our sister sites mozilla.org | MusicMoz | Wikipedia Last update: Saturday, July 14, 2012 5:54:38 AM EDT - edit 