 BritGossip British celebs on twitter bbc entertainment Comedian Mike Winters dies at 82 Mike Winters, who performed alongside his brother Bernie as a comedy double-act, has died aged 82. Hollyoaks train death 'broke rules' TV watchdog Ofcom rules Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks broke the broadcasting code over a fight scene where one of the main characters was killed by a speeding train. Memorial for Malevich burial site Russia plans to mark the burial site of the artist Kasimir Malevich, found to be under a new housing development in a Moscow suburb. Miffy books to be updated in UK Children's favourite Miffy, the cartoon rabbit drawn by Dutch artist Dick Bruna, is being updated in the UK Grand Theft Auto leak sparks apology Sony apologises to developer Rockstar after audio from the forthcoming game Grand Theft Auto 5 was leaked online. Cyrus performance draws complaints Miley Cyrus's risque performance at the MTV VMAs generates complaints from a parenting pressure group in the US. Blunkett criticises TV subtitles David Blunkett criticises broadcasters for 'frustrating' subtitles that leave deaf people 'scratching their heads'. King speech marked by BBC Radio 4 The BBC is marking the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King's I Have a Dream speech with a recital by notable global figures, including the Dalai Lama. Madonna is highest-earning celebrity Pop star Madonna was the world's top-earning celebrity over the past year, making an estimated $125m (ÂŁ80m), according to Forbes magazine. American wins air guitar contest The US's 'Nordic Thunder' is crowned world air guitar champion at the annual contest in Finland. BBC Entertainment Archives sky showbiz Dannii: 'Bring It On!' Tyson Mans Up! Dracula TV Series - About The Show BINTM: Elle: 'It's A Golden Year' BINTM: Model Mansion Tour Hannibal - Episode 7 Clip Starring Gillian Anderson Hannibal - Episode 6 'Entree' Starring Eddie Izzard Elementary - Play The Game BINTM Insta-Model Challenge: #Selfie Supernatural Star Jensen Ackles Annouces Birth Of Baby Justice Jay Sky Showbiz Archives holy moly Beyonce breaks up brawl between P Diddy and J Cole. No, not the footballer. According to reports, Beyonce got stuck in the middle of a brawl between P Diddy and J Cole at a VMAs after-party on Monday (July 26). For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! 20 very different pictures of the One Direction 'This Is Us' US Premiere Because there hasn't been enough promotion for One Direction's debut movie 'This Is Us' yet, the boys held a US Premiere in New York last night. This basically involved them standing in front of several cameras doing the thumbs up, before watching their film for the hundredth time in a row. Literally no celebrity guests turned up either. Unless you count Stephen Baldwin and Perez Fucking Hilton (that's his middle name). And we don't. For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! Warning all television viewers: Dane Bowers could be back on your screen very soon If you own a television set, then we have some very important and serious information to for you. We suggest you stop what you're doing and find somewhere comfortable to sit. For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! Cheryl Cole has flowerbed tattooed on arse, looks like third degree burns The man who covered the whole of Cheryl Cole's arse with a tattoo of flowers revealed his magnum opus on Instagram over the weekend. As you might expect, people hit Twitter in their droves to tell Cheryl how horrific it looked, and to ask whether she had meant it to look like she'd been in a chemical fire. Seemingly, Cheryl didn't mind: 'People are entitled to their own opinion. Personally I've never really concerned myself with other people's body parts! I've had it for seven-eight months but only just had it detailed. I can pretty much safely say I'm now done!' Wonder if she got a bee tattoed above her bumhole? That would certainly be the classy thing to do. Seriously though, it really does look terrible. Really, truly awful. We can only assume it was covering up something even worse, although we can't possibly think what. So we tried to find a picture of Ashley's face in it. AND GUESS WHAT? TAKE THAT, INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISM. For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! The best of the internet's reaction to the Robin Thicke and Miley Cyrus meltdown There's a reason the internet was invented. That reason was so that it could react to Robin Thicke and Miley Cyrus doing the most mind-bogglingly horrific performance at the MTV Video Music Awards, in the form of hilarious screenshots, memes and GIFs. And if you didn't spend your Bank Holiday Monday sitting looking through each one over and over again, then we've kindly collated the pick of the bunch into a nice list below, so you can do exactly that now you're at work and supposed to be proper doing things. For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! American Idol contract reveals mandatory public humiliation clause It probably won't come as a surprise to learn that most talent show contracts come with a 'if you're weird or bad, we'll make a public spectacle of you', but up until now we hadn't actually seen one. Luckily, one person on the internet read their contract before appearing: It's not even Simon Cowell's fault this time. Can you imagine. [Thanks to Reddit, andIfGirWasAGinger in particular for this] For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! The Hobbit: Desolation of Smaug trailer recreated in Lego, of course It does exactly what it sayd on the tin. God knows how long it took them. How does anyone have that much spare time? Must be celebrity journalists... For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! Game of Thrones' Peter Dinklage goes hula hooping at a gay bar, is good Apparently the below video was originally posted up on the internet around three months ago. We have no idea why it didn't get more traction then, but let's not worry about that too much, because it's here now. All the action below takes place at a bar called Twisted Element, in Calgary, Canada, for those of you interested in recreating it... For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! The Feeling are back to their best. Watch the mysterious new video Some years ago, Channel 4 employed Holy Moly to run their music website for them (the idiots). We mostly used their money and web servers to write about and film The Feeling as much as humanly possible. Sadly we went off them a bit with their last album. But? it turns out the band didn?t like it either. So they?ve gone back to basics and? we?ve had the new album Boy Cried Wolf for a couple of weeks and every song is our favourite song. The Feeling are properly back, Back! BACK! For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! Eurgh! What's Madonna done to her teeth? Madonna?s delayed midlife crisis has been ramped up several uncomfortable notches with the Queen of Pop now sporting one of those teeth grills that the rap singers like to wear. Unfortunately it has the effect of making her mouth look like it belongs to a gammy witch. Still, doesn?t her skin look smooth? We wonder where she goes to get platelets injected into her face. Must get their number for when we decided to embark on a fruitless fight with the natural ageing process. Or maybe we'll just get old like a person is supposed to. For the full story and all the pics go to Holy moly! Holy Moly Archives now magazine Kim Kardashian praises baby daddy Kanye West's eerie performance at the MTV VMAs as 'best of the night' Kim congratulates her man on Twitter Great British Bake Off's Mary Berry: I hate Gordon Ramsay's shows and Jamie Oliver used to be irritating and bumptious Mary sounds off about fellow cooks VIDEO Louis Tomlinson: Lady Gaga is a f*cking legend for supporting us after boos at VMAs 1D won a gong for Best Song Ever OMG! Harry Styles and Taylor Swift pictured together at MTV VMAs afterparty Shock reunion just hours after Taylor makes digs at her ex Back on?! Kym Marsh and Jamie Lomas look happy again in cute picture from football game The couple went on a break last month VIDEO Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off twerking skills on Twitter Singer busts a few moves in Liverpool Helen Flanagan: I'm sorting my life out - me, myself and f*cking I The actress is focusing on herself SPOTTED: New celebrity pictures of all the stars See the latest snaps of One Direction, Selena Gomez and Perez Hilton Lucy Mecklenburgh: Max George didn't cheat on me - I just feel sorry for him over Jasmine Lennard 'rabbit' claims! The TOWIE star has no hard feelings towards Max Ellie Goulding denies that Ed Sheeran's her new boyfriend after they're pictured holding hands at the MTV VMAs Burn singer was recently linked to Niall Horan Now Magazine Archives mtv uk Underworld For Mark Knight Album Mark Knight has revealed Underworld and Skin from Skunk Anansie will feature on his forthcoming artist album which looks slated to be released early 2014.Having collaborated with the Born Slippy... Glee Cast Talk Filming Cory Monteith Tribute The stars of Glee have opened up about filming the highly-anticipated Cory Monteith tribute episode, with Darren Criss calling it tough to shoot and Naya Rivera labelling the experience... Ellie Goulding Denies Ed Sheeran Romance Rumours? Ellie Goulding sent the romance rumour mill into overdrive this weekend after she was spotted holding hands with Ed Sheeran at the MTV VMAs - but the star has since appeared to address the... Madonna Named Highest-Paid Celebrity By Forbes Madonna has received the title of highest-paid celebrity after earning an estimated $125 million (80.7m) between June 2012 and 2013.Research by Forbes shows the Queen of Pop beat... One Direction 'Excited' For Simon Cowell To Be A Dad The One Direction boys have opened up about their mentor Simon Cowell's impending fatherhood, saying they're all excited for him and even revealing what baby gift they plan to get him! Speaking to... The X Factor Teases 'Fifth Judge' Announcement! The X Factor has teased the announcement of a fifth judge on Twitter.Earlier today (August 27), a message was posted on the show's official page, along with an image baring the... Diddy Plays Down J. Cole Brawl Rumours On Twitter Diddy has played down reports that he was involved in a spat with rapper pal J. Cole at a 2013 MTV VMAs after party.The New York Daily News claimed that Cole apparently got a bit too friendly... HAIM Announce UK & Ireland December Tour HAIM have announced a seven-date UK and Ireland tour for December. Our Brand New For 2013 nominees  sisters Danielle, Este and Alana  begin in Norwichat UEA on Wednesday, August... Taylor Swift Heading Back Into The Studio Harry Styles might want to prepare himself for a musical onslaught as his ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift has revealed she's about to head back in to the studio!Speaking to MTV US VJ Sway Calloway... Justin Bieber Reunites With Ex-Girlfriend? Justin Bieber is rumoured to have rekindled his romance with ex-girlfriend Jacque Pyles.According to The Sun, JB dodged his former flame Selena Gomez the 2013 MTV VMAs on Sunday (August 25) to... MTV UK Archives digital spy Oprah Winfrey, Jamie Foxx for Martin Luther King Jr commemoration LeAnn Rimes and Forest Whitaker also join ex-presidents at Washington DC event. Roddy Frame to perform Aztec Camera's debut in full The singer-songwriter will play High Land, Hard Rain on tour. Bastille, Naughty Boy offer 'No One's Here To Sleep' as free download The pair's new collaboration can be downloaded from iTunes now. *NSYNC Chris Kirkpatrick on Miley VMAs: 'Justin got a little angry' Chris Kirkpatrick says he was 'disappointed' by Miley Cyrus's performance. Geordie Shore's Gaz, TOWIE's Jasmine 'get close in Ibiza' Reality TV stars are spotted together at a pool party in Ibiza. Ronald Reagan son hits out at 'The Butler': 'It's a bunch of lies' Michael Reagan complains that his father is portrayed as 'racist' in the movie. Miley Cyrus MTV VMAs performance: Was it really that bad? Best in Showbiz tries to salvage something from controversial Robin Thicke performance. Cher Lloyd previews new single 'I Wish' - listen The singer will premiere her new song in full on August 31. 'Glee' Jane Lynch on Emmy nomination: 'It's the highest praise' Jane Lynch says that earning an Emmy nod is among the biggest pleasures in life. Kelly Osbourne on friend Miley: Put your f**king tongue in your mouth Osbourne admits that she has doubts about Miley Cyrus's VMA performance. Digital Spy Archives cosmopolitan uk Natalie having a boy? Oscar-nominated actress Natalie Portman reportedly expecting a baby boy It's currently being rumoured that Natalie Portman is expecting a bouncing baby boy with fiancĂŠ Ben Millepied. The 29-year-old Black Swan star, nominated and hotly tipped to win the Oscar for her role in the Darren Aronofsky film at the forthcoming Academy Awards on Sunday, reportedly found out the news with Ben during... Sienna & Dan? Sienna Miller now reportedly seeking comfort from publisher Dan MacMillan Poor Sienna Miller's been linked to four men since her split with long-term and then of and on again and now off beau Jude Law. The 29-year-old Layer Cake actress was reportedly responsible for the break-up with the 38-year-old Sherlock Holmes actor, and was swiftly linked to current West End co-star Joe Armstrong. The... Women find it harder to sleep after a night out then men It's no new discovery that boozing initially helps you sleep but disrupts it later - it also encourages you to text men you really shouldn't then regret later. But now it's been proven that us girls are more likely to wake up bleary-eyed after a night out and that's before you've checked your sent messages. A study in Boston recruited 93 healthy men and women in their 20s who, between... Love it or loathe it Beam us up Scotty! At the Unknown premiere, January Jones looked futuristically fab in a navy Alexander McQueen dress with gold rivet detailing and jewel-encrusted bustier. Teamed with a poker straight section of hair, red lips and gold eyeshdow, is she working the Alien-esque attire or does she suit a softer style? Jessica Alba pregnant! Jessica Alba announces on Facebook that she's expecting second child Congratulations to Jessica Alba and hubby Cash Warren. The doting parents of two-year-old Honor Marie have announced they're expecting their second child, with the 29-year-old actress posting the exciting news on Facebook. The Hollywood starlet, who was in London over the weekend to present an award at the annual BAFTAs on... Halle wins custody round Halle Berry wins first round in custody battle and is granted permission to return to film set with daughter Hollywood actress Halle Berry emerged victorious from the first round of her custody battle against ex-boyfriend Gabriel Aubry, as she was granted permission to take her two-year-old daughter across the States to film her new movie. The Oscar-winning actress withdrew from the film New... Posh talks testosterone Victoria Beckham talks about her testosterone heavy household on US TV Living with a footballer husband and three young boys, we're not surprised to hear that Victoria Beckham has described her household as testosterone heavy. The 36-year-old former Spice Girl appeared as a special guest on Jimmy Fallon's US show yesterday to discuss her pregnancy and family, among other things, and insisted... Bieber fever hits London! Justin Bieber brings the fever to London premiere of his film, Never Say Never Justin Bieber was greeted by the screams and sobs of thousands upon thousands of hysterical teenage female fans as he arrived for the London premiere at the O2 Cineworld for his debut film, Never Say Never. The pint-sized pop sensation played it cool and seemed nonplussed by all the attention from his female... Owen Wilson on fatherhood Owen Wilson says newborn baby boy's cry is like 'beautiful music' Actor and new doting dad Owen Wilson is a very funny guy, so we're not entirely sure whether his recent statement regarding his bouncing baby boy's cry sounding like sweet music is supposed to be a bit of a joke. The Wedding Crashers star welcomed son Robert with girlfriend Jade Buell into the world last month and admitted that... Bieber on sex! Justin Bieber discusses his views on sex The thought of Justin Bieber discussing sex makes us feel quite uncomfortable, despite it being legal at his age in his native Canada. But the 16-year-old (who reminded us last night at the BRITS that he's 17 in two weeks!) Baby singer has approached his views on the sensitive and personal subject, which no doubt has made millions of teenage girls... Cosmopolitan UK Archives ok! magazine Adam Lambert defends under-fire Miley Cyrus Pop star ADAM LAMBERT has waded in to defend MILEY CYRUS following her ultra-raunchy performance at the MTV Video Music Awards, insisting the youngster was just 'having fun'. Diplo eyes world twerking record Music producer DIPLO is aiming to set a new world record with a mass 'twerking' dance-off. Om Puri on the run after wife-beating claim Bollywood superstar OM PURI is in hiding after he was accused of assaulting his wife Nandita. Krysten Ritter launches dog-saving campaign Actress KRYSTEN RITTER is urging animal lovers to take urgent action if they see a dog locked in a car on a hot summer's day. Katherine Jackson hated kids' face masks MICHAEL JACKSON's mother Katherine hated it when he made his children hide behind masks in public and vowed to ditch the bizarre accessories when she was asked to help raise the youngsters after the King of Pop's death. Olivia Newton-John's daughter overcomes drug demons OLIVIA NEWTON-JOHN's daughter CHLOE LATTANZI blames growing up in the spotlight for her spiral into booze and drug addition. Una Healy's Aoife Belle and Michelle Heaton's baby Faith share a hug on play date THIS is too cute. Celebrity Big Brother 2013: Courtney reveals how parents reacted to husband Doug SHE'S known for her controversial relationship. Millie Mackintosh before she was famous, shares adorable baby snap SHE'S not changed a bit. Michelle Keegan and Sam Faiers step out in identical blue playsuits TALK about the ultimate fash-off. OK! Magazine Archives female first Adam Lambert Defends Miley's Vma Routine Adam Lambert has defended Miley Cyrus' controversial MTV Video Music Awards performance. Lamar Odom Returns Home After Six Days of Hiding Lamar Odom has reportedly returned home after going into hiding for six days. Cyndi Lauper Brands Miley Cyrus' MTV Performance 'Sad' Cyndi Lauper feels sad for Miley Cyrus following her controversial performance at the MTV Video Music Awards. Ed Sheeran Thinks Women Want to 'Mother' Him Ed Sheeran thinks his female fans want to mother him. Ricky Martin Confesses to Bullying Gay Men Ricky Martin used to bully gay men when he was younger. Nicole Scherzinger: I Tried to Hide My Booty Nicole Scherzinger used to try to hide her big booty. Miley Cyrus' Pal Blasts Kelly Clarkson Over 'Pitchy Stripper' Jibe Miley Cyrus' friend has blasted Kelly Clarkson for branding her a pitchy stripper after her risque performance at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday (25.08.13). Patrick Dempsey's Wife Urged Him to Race Patrick Dempsey's wife inspired him to start racing. Cheryl Cole's Tattoo 'Hides' Her Beautiful Bum Cheryl Cole shouldn't have covered her beautiful bottom with a rose tattoo, says Jodie Marsh. Kelly Osbourne: Put Your Tongue in Your Mouth Miley Kelly Osbourne wished Miley Cyrus had put her tongue in her mouth during her performance at the MTV Video Music Awards. Female First Archives telegraph celebrity news Bad celebrity tattoos With her new floral derriere Cheryl Cole becomes the new best in the bad bunch of celebrity tattoo offenders from Harry Styles to Sam Cam. Jamie Oliver's soapbox - the opinions of the outspoken chef Jamie Oliver's attack on families who eat fast food and buy expensive TV sets is not the first time he's had a controversial opinion. Trending: Sleeveless coats Perfect for showing off tanned arms now and as a layering piece later, versatile sleeveless coats are high on the fashion agenda. Lady Gaga pens track in honour of Donatella Versace Lady Gaga's forthcoming album features a track called Donatella, a 'crazy fun pop song' dedicated to the Versace label's creative director. Cara Delevingne takes us on set of new film 'Kids In Love' Model of the moment Cara Delevingne takes us behind the scenes of her new film 'Kids in Love' via her Instagram account. Jamie Oliver sparks poverty row after he attacks families for eating junk food and buying expensive TV sets Jamie Oliver says he finds it hard to talk about poverty when he comes across families living on junk while spending money on expensive TVs. The Taylor Swift revenge: ten hits inspired by a break-ups As Taylor Swift thanks her ex-boyfriend Harry Styles in an acceptance speech, we list ten of the best songs inspired by a break-up. The Supermodels reminisce about their early days of modelling Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and Linda Evangelista unite for the new issue of Interview magazine, recalling the early days of their careers. Kate Moss's secret Instagram account Social media-shy model Kate Moss has admitted she has an Instagram account, but she won't share her username. Stylish celebrity cyclists Take a look at the celebrities who don't compromise anything for style when on two wheels. Telegraph Celebrity Archives london gossip Peaches on the prowl WATCH out Gordon Ramsay and Phillip Schofield, Peaches Geldof is after you both and she doesn't care that you're married. The socialite has been mouthing off about her feelings for the pair as well as applauding Madonna's choice of toy... Wire star angers BBC THE BRITISH star of the hit US cop show The Wire has criticised the BBC for screening too many costume dramas. Actor Dominic West claimed schedules were overly reliant on costume drama and claimed that BBC producers secretly 'hate' working... Monkeys head line-up for summer festivals THE Arctic Monkeys, Radiohead and Kings of Leon will headline this year's Reading and Leeds Festivals, organisers confirmed today. Dance pioneers the Prodigy, whose latest album is titled Invaders Must Die, will also be on the main stage at both... Fan strips off for Pete Doherty AFTER Kate Moss, it looks like Pete Doherty can?t stop the ladies throwing themselves at him... Security staff got their knickers in a twist when the crowd surged on stage at the Babyshambles singer?s gig at the Troxy on Commercial... Sugababe Amelle's all alone GORGEOUS Sugababe Amelle Berrabah enjoyed her first outing as a single gal last night. We spied her laughing and supping drinks with pals at Mayfair?s Whisky Mist. Speaking for the first time about her split from Freddie Fuller, she told... Office swimming video a web splash hit A GROUP of female office workers have created the latest worldwide viral internet hit - performing a synchronised 'swimming' routine while sitting at their desks. The Russian women, who all work at an architecture company, recorded their display for an... Lil spits out her dummy IT SOUNDS like Lily Allen was behaving like a big baby at Lois Winstone?s birthday bash on Saturday night. The singer, 23, arrived at the Met Bar for the Studio 54-themed party sucking on a kiddie?s dummy, sulked all evening... Crowe flies into awards show storm RUSSELL Crowe had fellow actors seething last night as he turned up at a four-and-a-half-hour awards show ? for precisely four-and-a-half minutes. The Hollywood star picked up the Actor Of Our Lifetime gong at the Jameson Empire Awards at the... Shetty aims for British TV fame BOLLYWOOD star Shilpa Shetty is paving her way to become a familiar face on British television screens. The 33-year-old Indian actress plans to spend more time in the UK after buying a house in Surrey and is in discussions about... Madonna arrives in Malawi MADONNA has arrived in Malawi amid opposition to her plan to adopt another child from the country. The luxury lodge where the singer has stayed in the past has been fully booked and casual visitors dismissed. Children's charity Save the... London Gossip Archives heat world How many BB Sophies can you fit into a taxi? Katie Price's latest antics land her a new TV show OMG! Now there's Twilight PORN! Miley Cyrus BLATANTLY fancies Zac Efron. But who wouldn't? Which X Factor contestant is secretly a naughty smoker? Cringe! Who's accidentally flashing their pants? Courtney Love makes SHOCKING claim about Britney Spears Rihanna talks sex, sex and, erm, more sex in this new interview Could THIS be the X Factor winner's song? The 9 0'Clock News ? Thu 26 Nov Heat World Archives 