 Cost  Values Car Loans Pricing Guide Buying Tips Selling Privately Local Used Cars About The Site  Car Trade In Value Used CarTrade In Value vs. Retail Value Car Trade in value VS. wholesale value, whats thebest way to find outyour car's trade in value, learn the secret to sell your car to dealerfortop dollars! Car trade in value and wholesale value areessentiallythe same. The only difference would be the cars trade in value CAN BEhigher than the wholesale value. To better understand the scenario. Wewill use a case study to illustrate both terms. This page is fairly long as I'm trying toexplaining thesubject matter as precise as possible, so please be patient and read itfrom the top to the bottom. Then you will have a good understanding of UsedCar Values as well as Used Truck Value . Lets say you own a year 2003 Toyota Camry LE 4cylinderbase model and you are in the market of buying another vehicle, youwent to this dealer and you like to buy the year 2008 Toyota 4RunnerSports Edition that they have on the used car lot. Theterm trade innormally implied that you aresellingyour current vehicle back to the dealership as a TRADE, for whateverthe value this dealer appraised for and you intend to purchase anothervehicle at the same dealership. Since you intend to purchase another inventoryvehicleof the dealer you visit, meaning the dealership has financial intereston you (as a customer) and your vehicle (as a trade in vehicle andanother used vehicle inventory to sell for profit). Therefore, yourcars trade in value will vary based on: Profit margin of the used car that you areinterested in buying (2008 Toyota 4Runner) Trade in vehicle condition, marketability,potential(2003 Toyota Camry) To make the transaction happen, the dealer wouldeitheroffer higher car trade in value for your 2003 Toyota Camry which iscommon practice, or lowered the retail price of the 2008 Toyota 4Runnerthat you would like to own. Or they will do both to earn your business. The dealer will say it out loud that they pay youabovethe Black Book Car Values for your trade. Now you know their secret agenda about trade in valuePERIOD! Well of course, if you are from Canada deals will go with Canadian Black Book . Wholesale Value Is Book Value Now lets define the termwholesale value. If youdecided just to sell your car straight to the dealer without buyinganother one, the dealer will pay your car with itswholesale value. Unlike car trade in value, a cars wholesale valueishow much the car is sold on auctions (auction price), or the value thatwholesalers would pay for. Since this is a single vehicle transaction andlessavenue for dealer to make profit. Sometimes a dealer would just printout an auction report to show you exactly how much was the car sold inrecently auctions. Depends on the mechanical and physical conditionof yourcar, the wholesale value can be even lower than the auction reportprint out. Because there are reconditioning cost, repairs and safetyinspections etc. ShouldI Trade In or Sell On My Own Obviously selling it on your own will get you themostmoney out of your car. If you are not comfortable dealing with privateparties, or just not interested in selling by yourself. Sell the car back to dealer would be your secondchoice,sure you leave some money on the table, but thats a quick and easytransaction. Especially for people dont have lots of time and need tosell the car fast. If you own an older model cars like 15 years oldorolder, the car trade in value can be as little as $500 to $1,000. If the car is still in reasonable drivingcondition,its better for you to sell it privately than trade it in. If on the other hand you own a late model car lessthan5 years old, trade it in for a new car would much easier for you. Ipersonally recommend automotive.com fast free new car quote services,it takes a few seconds and you will get response within 24 hrs, justenter your name address and contactinformation, perspective dealers will contact you for the quotes ofyour desired vehicles. Give it a try and I think you will like it :)Click the link below to begin: How Much Should I Get The author of this site always suggests you takeyourcar to a reputable dealership with the same manufacture brand name ofyour car FIRST. If you own a Honda, take it to a Honda store first. Lettheused car manager do the full appraisal, depends on the situation.They might even call a few fellow dealers to get their quote and offeryou the final BEST they can ever get. Then take your car to other dealers and shoparound forBETTER price. Check your local newspaper, some dealers advertise theywill buy your car regardless whether you buy their car or not. Ifthere's a Carmax Used Cars store near to where you live, go there andlet them Appraise Your Car . Here's another tip - Check out the classified adsectionof your local newspaper. Look for ad says: "We buy any used car underany condition, running or NOT". Give them a call and let them know if they canofferhigher than the one you got, we can do the business. This way you justbump up a few hundred dollars of your trade-in by making a few phonecalls. Do you have any specific questions in regards to used car price guide? Enter the key phrase below and do a custom search within my site :) Returnfrom Car Trade In Value to Used Car Values Geta Free Quote on a New Car Go to UsedCars Advice home page 