 Home Why sell to us? How it works About us Value my car FAQs Customer reviews Win a car worth 5000 Request a Quote Enter your car registration number and follow the easy steps Get started straight away add in your registration number SellCar-UK.com  News | Blog | Contact us | Sell My Car Sell my car to Sell Car UK. As the UK's leading used car buyers we will buy your car today and collect it for free from anywhere in mainland UK, within 24 hours. Contact us now and we could be at your home or office and cash payment in your bank account. From 2,000 to 100,000, from Fiat to Ferrari, Mini to Mercedes, if you want to sell your car today then complete the value my car form or contact us directly on 01159 850200. " Sell Car UK will buy my car...today"! Where can I sell my car? You may be asking yourself "Can I sell my car online" or "Who will buy my car?". . Do you want to avoid the cost, effort, stress and time of selling your car privately? Are you fed-up with strangers turning up for uninsured test drives? Are you concerned about receiving money from someone you do not know? What if, after months of trying the private sales route your car remains unsold and you have incurred further advertising, depreciation and running costs? "At Sell Car UK , I can sell my car...today!" Change in personal circumstances? Many people need to sell a car because of a change in personal circumstances. Impending redundancy; divorce; relocation; new job overseas; new job with company car; concern about repossession... Sell Car UK will buy your car today. " Sell Car UK made it easy for me to sell my car . I simply completed their value my car page on their website, received an offer which I accepted and the car was collected the following day with payment in my bank account before they drove it away." Change in business circumstances? Very often businesses need someone to buy a car to raise capital quickly or are simply frustrated with traditional company car disposal channels. Selling company cars at auctions can have expensive associated costs with no guarantee of sale and most car dealerships are only prepared to buy from you if you buy from them. Sell Car UK will buy your car easily and efficiently, with no hidden costs and immediate cleared funds payment. " Sell Car UK ... the UK's leading used car buyers, we buy any car" We're hiringView our current job opportunities Very quick and smooth process. Polite and expert conservations and responses from all representatives I dealt with. I feel that this has been a pleasant transaction throughout with total satisfaction including the payment received for my vehicle.Many thanks, to all,William Johnson William Johnson, Durham, PORSCHE CAYMAN Mark,One is always cautious when using services such as yours. I had nothing to fear however all my dealings with your company have been painless. Your staff explained everything clearly and were very helpful and polite. I used your services after reading others testimonials and they were also very complimentary. You even went to the trouble of sending my eye glasses back to me. I wish you all the best for your business and will use you again in the future. Kind Regards Kelvin Kelvin Lancett, Bridgend, TOYOTA PRIUS    Cars Bought for Cash | We buy almost any car | Facebook  2013 Sell Car UK | Terms  Conditions | Privacy Policy | Visitor Agreement  