  You'll find it with us. When you work for Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, you are in control of your destiny. A global company with a promote-from-within culture and flexible scheduling, DTG makes sense whether you are starting your career path or a little further down the road. View / Apply for Jobs How to Apply Benefits Employee Testimonials How to Apply: Thank you for your interest in Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, Inc. (DTAG). We believe that our employees are the key to our success. Please follow the steps below and get ready to put on your seatbelt because we want to put you in the driver’s seat of your career! If this is your first time to the site, begin at Step 1. If you are returning to the site, simply Login. Step 1 – Register Step 2 – View Step 3 – Apply for Job Step 4 – Use “Job Agent” to notify you of future openings (Set up custom searches for future job postings that might interest you. After you set up a Job Agent, you will receive an email when new jobs fitting your criteria are posted.) Directions: Print or save this page so you can refer to it as you set up your Job Agent. 1. To set up your Job Agent, you’ll need to first register. 2. Click on Advanced Search/Set up Job Agent , input your selection criteria. 3. Click on Save Search/Set up Job Agent . 4. Input a name for your search. Check the box to set up the Job Agent using those criteria. 5. Input an email address for your notifications. 6. Click on Save Search/Job Agent (if applicable) . 7. You’ll receive emails when a job is posted fitting your requirements. *NOTE: Current DTAG employees must use the internal hiring process. Back to Top Benefits Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, Inc. recognizes our employee’s value and hard work and offers competitive benefits designed to fit with their lifestyle. We offer benefits for full-time employees as well as some optional benefits for our part-time employees. They include: Health & Wellness - Medical, Dental, and Vision Plans - Domestic Partner Benefits - Flexible Spending Accounts - Wellness Program - Short & Long Term Disability - Health Club Benefits - Term Life Insurance (Employee, Spouse, Child) - Accidental Death Insurance (Employee, Spouse, Child) - Critical Illness Insurance - Whole Life Insurance - Accidental Insurance - Business Travel Insurance - Weight Watchers Reimbursement - Smoking Cessation Reimbursement Work Life - Paid Time Off (PTO) - Employee Assistance Program - 401(k) Savings Plan - Direct Deposit Career - Tuition Reimbursement Plan - Manager in Training program Discounts - Multiple Employee Discount Programs Back to Top Employee Testimonials "Generally speaking, I think what I like most about working here is the teamwork attitude. You can just enlist help from anybody, from a different department, from your own department, and everybody is willing to put forth the effort and step in and help their co-worker. Very rarely have I seen or heard someone say I just don't have time to help." "It is good to be part of a Company that has an impact in the community - that you call their name out, people can identify, and say yes I know about them." "I tell my friends and family that Dollar Thrifty is a wonderful company. We have a great culture. I mean it's like a home away from home. You spend a lot of your time at work and it's very important to have fun while you are working." "I have fun here. The people here are fun. We work really hard. It's challenging work but we all have a good time so it doesn't seem like such a hard day because we have a good time when we do it." "It seems to me DTG really cares about their employees and they really care about the atmosphere. They are working all the time to make it even better all the time. I really admire that." "I feel like I have a lot of freedom to do my job without a lot of interference. I get to use a lot of my creative skills and everyday is different. The people I work with are great and it's just been a great place to work." "The family feeling that Dollar Thrifty has really spills over into its corporate operations throughout the world. Every year we have an international convention. It's very well attended and it's one of those things where everybody may come from different parts of the globe but when together we are family." "To me Dollar Thrifty doesn't seem to be just money motivated. They are people motivated and I think that puts them heads and shoulders above the rest. It's not just about money, it's about people and when you care about the people, the money will fall in line." Back to Top Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, veteran status or other legally protected status.   © Copyright - 2012 Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group, Inc. Terms and Conditions Careers | Diversity | Community Driven Dollar Rent A Car | Thrifty Car Rental | Thrifty Car Sales Dollar Rent A Car (UK) | Thrifty Car Rental (UK) | Dollar Rent A Car (Germany)  