  Skip to Navigation     Celebrity-gossip.net      Home Video Gallery Celeb Search Photo Gallery Latest Gossip Style  Beauty Movies Music Videos Celebrity Rankings  Celebrity Search By First Name / Band / Event / Movies / TV Shows # a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z  English Español Celebrity Gossip  Entertainment News Leaders ®  Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Joe Francis: Headed to the Slammer! He’s been dodging his legal woes for quite some time, but Joe Francis finally found out today (August 27) that it’s time to face the music. The “Girls Gone Wild” mastermind was handed a 270-day jail sentence along with 36 months of probation, mandatory anger management classes, and psychological counseling for one year. continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 2:55 pm ♥ Legal ♥ Celebrity News Photo Credit: Getty Images Kourtney Kardashian  Scott Disick: Sushi Sweethearts Kicking off the week with a dinner date, Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick headed over to Sugarfish sushi restaurant in Calabasas last night (August 26). The E! reality television stars looked to be in good spirits despite the ongoing drama regarding Kourtney’s sister Khloe’s troubled marriage. continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 2:50 pm ♥ Kourtney Kardashian ♥ Scott Disick ♥ Romance Photo Credit: AKM-GSI Vanessa Hudgens Works Up a Sweat with Sister Stella Braving the current SoCal heat wave, Vanessa Hudgens showed up at a hot yoga class in Hollywood on Tuesday morning (August 27). The “High School Musical” actress was joined by her younger sister Stella Hudgens as she exited a fitness center sporting a black sweatshirt, black tights, and grey Nike sneakers. continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 2:29 pm ♥ Vanessa Hudgens Photo Credit: AKM-GSI Lana Del Rey: Errand Girl in Beverly Hills Taking care of her to-do list, Lana Del Rey picked up some papers from a friend’s house in Beverly Hills on Monday afternoon (August 26). The “Ride” songstress scurried past a shutterbug in her blue ball cap, floral top, and denim shorts as she made her way back to her car and sped off. continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 2:30 pm ♥ Lana Del Rey Photo Credit: FameFlynet.com One Direction’s Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show Gig: Not So Fast! They have taken America by storm with their infectious hit songs and boyish good looks, and One Direction was announced as one of the musical acts for the 2013 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show by several media outlets. However, it turns out Harry, Liam, Zayn, Louis, and Niall won’t in fact be sharing the stage with a bevy of beautiful Angels after all. continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 2:02 pm ♥ One Direction ♥ Victorias Secret Fashion Show 2013 ♥ Celebrity News Photo Credit: Getty Images Evan Ross Named to “Hunger Games: Mockingjay” Roster He has a gorgeous girlfriend in Ashlee Simpson , and now Evan Ross is on top of his game career-wise too, thanks to his new role in “The Hunger Games: Mockingjay.” Slated to star in both Mockingjay 1 and Mockingjay 2, the “Jeff Who Lives at Home” actor will play Messalla, Cressida’s cameraman. continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 1:59 pm ♥ Mockingjay ♥ Evan Ross ♥ Movies Photo Credit: Twitter Heidi Klum  Mel B: Beauty Treatment Babes! They always have to be ready for a close-up, so it’s no wonder Heidi Klum and Melanie Brown opted for an under-eye treatment yesterday (August 26). The German supermodel shared a shot of herself and her Spice Girls gal pal sporting a special beauty cream just above their cheekbones. continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 1:47 pm ♥ Americas Got Talent ♥ Heidi Klum ♥ Melanie Brown Photo Credit: Twitter Brooke Shields Shares Her Two Cents on Miley Cyrus’ VMA Performance She guest starred as Miley Cyrus' mom on “Hannah Montana” back in the day, and now Brooke Shields sounds a bit concerned about the former Disney darling. During her interview on “Today,” the “Suddenly Susan” actress weighed in on Cyrus’ raunchy routine during the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards . continued... Posted by GossipCenter at 1:50 pm ♥ Brooke Shields ♥ Miley Cyrus ♥ MTV Video Music Awards 2013 ♥ Today Show Photo Credit: Getty Images 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next ›  Latest Celebrity Sightings   Hottest Stories 1) 2013 MTV Video Music Awards: The Show, The Winners 2) NSync Brings Bye, Bye, Bye to the 2013 MTV VMAs 3) Shailene Woodley  Miles Teller Bring Divergent Trailer to the VMAs: Watch Here! 4) Katy Perry Drops “Roar” Music Video Teaser: Watch Here! 5) Lady Gaga Goes To Bat for One Direction  Latest Headlines “Dallas Buyers Club” Trailer  Poster Have Arrived: Watch Here! Emma Stone in Fairlady September 2013: Id Rather Be Funny Than Sexy Nicole Richie: Runyon Canyon Cutie Olivia Wilde  Jason Sudeikis: US Open Lovers Adam Lambert Comes To Defense for Miley Cyrus Hugh Jackman: Fan Favorite in Tokyo Stef Dawson Added to “Hunger Games: Mockingjay” Cast! George Clooney  Sandra Bullock: Venice Boating Buddies Ricky Martin in GQ Australia: I Bullied Gay People Sean “Diddy” Combs’ Post-VMA Fracas   Hottest Videos Millions of Hearts Broken! 1D Member Zayn Malik is Engaged! play   Harry Styles Waiting For Taylor Swift to Sing About Breakup Miley Cyrus Calls Party Image a Misconception Ashton Kutcher And Mark Harmon Among Highest Paid U.S. TV Stars North Wests Debut Is Two Days Away! Click here for more videos   ABOUT GCN CONTACT US PRESS RELEASES TERMS  CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE WITH US  2013 Brand Technologies Inc. Published by Bluefin Media. All Rights Reserved.  Go to Bluefin Media site  