 HUSCO Automotive  Latest News HUSCO Automotive has won Wisconsin Manufacturer of the year for 2012 due to its phenomenal growth in creating components that make large fuel efficiency advances for Tier 1 suppliers and auto manufacturers like Ford, GM and more. Read More HUSCO Automotive, based in Whitewater, WI, was recently added to Ford Motor Company's Aligned Business Framework (ABF), a distinction currently shared by only 78 production suppliers across the globe. Read More Contact Us Have any questions or would like to inquire with us on a program? Please send us an email HUSCO Automotive Careers HUSCO Automotive is an innovative global leader dedicated to driving exceptional business growth through the superior design, development and production of state-of-the-art systems and components for automotive OEM’s. We achieve this goal by employing a highly talented workforce and providing them with an open, rewarding entrepreneurial environment. As a member of HUSCO Automotive's highly skilled and dynamic team, you will thrive on the challenges associated with working on breakthrough technologies. Current Openings Become part of the HUSCO Automotive team today! HUSCO Automotive Brochure If you would like to learn more about our innovative solutions, download our overview brochure below. Download HUSCO Auto brochure Coming Soon Our Official HUSCOAuto.com Website Launch Our team has been working hard at developing an innovative web presence. Look for the launch of our new design very soon. Innovative Solutions Customer Focused. Quality Ensured. HUSCO Automotive caters to the rigorous demands of the automotive market. With applications ranging from high performance suspension systems to engine management controls, our products are comprised primarily of hydraulic or pneumatic solenoid valves and actuators used in a wide range of mediums. HUSCO Automotive’s success is due to our extensive product development capabilities and world class and highly cost-effective manufacturing facilities. Working closely with our customers, we provide system development support while optimizing our products and manufacturing processes for the particular application. HUSCO Automotive manufactures a wide range of products that can be found on vehicles all over the world, and in a variety of applications at various quantities ranging from moderate volume to several million per year. We specialize in the development and production of highly engineered components with demanding performance requirements. Applications Cam phasing Cylinder deactivation Cam profile switching Variable turbochargers Gasoline Direct Injection Convertible top and lift gate controls Advanced Suspension Variable Oil Pump Auto manual transmission Diesel Exhaust Aftertreatment Learn more   2008-2012 HUSCO Automotive | An INCOVA Technologies Company All rights reserved. 