 Local Queens, NY Search Queens, NY Neighborhoods Things to Do Eating Out Things To Do in Queens - Events, Arts, and Entertainment Queens, NY, has a rich cultural and entertainment venues. Check here for events and activities to spend your days and nights, for the family fun and for your fill of art and movies. 9/11 and Queens, New York (2) Cultural & Arts Groups (14) Holidays (21) Horse Racing (9) Jazz Tour of Queens, NY Museums (20) Neighborhood Tours (5) Parks (29) Sports & Fitness (72) 101 Things to Do in Queens, New York Many ideas for discovering things to do and see in Queens, New York, the biggest borough! Weekend Events in Queens, NY This list of weekend events throughout the borough is updated every Thursday. The 10 Most Fun Things to Do in Queens Here's my top ten list of places to discover and things to do in the great borough of Queens, New York. This list will turn tourist frowns upside down, keep your guests entertained and out of your hair, and give long-time residents even more reason to love our borough. Free Things to Do in Queens, NY Free things to do in Queens aren't too hard to find. Every week there are free events in the parks and at cultural centers across the borough. Here are a few continuing free things to do and other recommendations to get the most of your time and your wallet in the great borough of Queens, New York. Annual Events in Queens Plan out your things to do and see this year by checking our list of annual events happening in Queens. If the links still lead to last year's information, the new dates haven't yet been set. Top 5 Museums in Queens It isn't easy being a museum across the river from some of the best museums in the world, but Queens does have a depth of cultural resources that you'd be silly to dismiss. Summer Family Fun in Queens If you're looking to shake up the summer routines with a special family outing, Queens is a big place with a lot of options. Here are some great ways to celebrate the great Queens outdoors. Movie Theaters in Queens Movies are expensive, so don't blow it by heading to the wrong movie theater in Queens. Whether you're up for a deafening blockbuster or a quiet indie, Queens has some great movie theaters. Here are six great Queens theaters, and places to stop in for your curtain-raiser or curtain call. Summer Fun in Queens Get on out in the sun, and live it up this summer. Click to check my top choices for summer fun in Queens. Don't miss them: summer is too short and the cold will return too soon. Favorite Things to Do in Queens, New York Reader picks for more fun things to do in Queens, New York. Beaches in Queens Beach season is here! From the giant Rockaway Beach and Boardwalk tothe isolated Breezy Point tip, Queens has something for everybeachgoer on the great Atlantic. Just remember -- don't fight thatriptide! Just go with the flow. Outdoor Winter Activities in Queens - Get Out There! It's cold. Very cold. But it's time to get out of our overheated nests and venture into the Queens wilderness. There are many reasons to bundle up and head out, and here are the top 7 winter activities in Queens. Queens County Farm Museum - Visitor Guide and Photos Photos and visitors guide to the Queens County Farm Museum, in Floral Park, Queens, New York. Long Island City Art Tour: Museums and Art Galleries in Long Island City, ... Tour of the art scene in Long Island City, the highest concentration of art in New York City, outside of Manhattan. Queens Zoo - Review and Guide to the Zoo in the Park The Queens Zoo is a small zoo devoted to North and South American animals, tucked on the Corona side of Flushing Meadows-Corona Park. It's a worthy destination when you have a few smalls kids in tow. Here's all about the Queens Zoo and how to get there. June Street Fairs and Festivals Schedule June Street Fairs and Festival Schedule for Queens, NY Golfing in Queens - Guide to Playing Golf in Queens, New York Golfing is an extremely popular sport in Queens, and can be enjoyed at four local golf courses, all of which are public courses owned by New York City and managed by American Golf. The courses are in Forest Park, Clearview Park, Douglaston, and Kissena Park. April 2012 Street Fairs and Festivals Schedule List of April 2012 street fairs and festivals in Queens, New York. May 2010 Street Fairs and Festivals Schedule May 2010 Street Fairs and Festival Schedule for Queens, NY Halloween in Queens Here's a rundown of how to celebrate the great holiday of Halloween in the spooky borough of Queens. From now until October 31 (and even after) there are parades, vampires, festivals, costumes, cemeteries, games, ghouls, ghosts, and more. Events in Queens for January Lists the top events in January for Queens, New York. Gambling at Aqueduct FAQs on a Racino in New York City February Events and Things To Do in Queens Lists the top events for February, happening in Queens, New York. March Events in Queens Lists the top events for March, happening in Queens, New York. April Events in Queens - April 2006 Events and Things To Do in Queens, New York Lists the top events for April, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. May Events in Queens Lists the top events for May, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. June Events in Queens Lists the top events for June, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. More June Events in Queens More June events in Queens, NY. July Events in Queens Lists the top events for July, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. More July Events in Queens More July events in Queens, NY. More August Events in Queens More August events in Queens, NY. August Events in Queens Lists the top events for August, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. September Events in Queens Lists the top events for September, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. October Events in Queens Lists the top events for October, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. November Events in Queens Lists the top events for November, 2006, happening in Queens, New York. Holiday Season Events in Queens - Christmas, Hanukah, Kwanzaa Come celebrate the holiday season with your neighbors in Queens. Festivities for Christmas, Hanukah, and Kwanzaa are held all over the borough. Tour Queens via the 7 Subway - Neighborhoods and Sites on the 7 Train Guide to visiting Queens, New York, along the 7 subway line. Visual tour of the neighborhoods and sites and restaurants to visit during an afternoon in Queens, all accessible via the 7 subway. The diversity you experience along the elevated 7 line is simply astounding and has earned the train the designation "The International Express." P.S. 1 Contemporary Art Center In Long Island City, P.S. 1 is an internationally renowned museum devoted to contemporary art. Except for Queens MOMA, it's the preeminent spot for art in the borough. Rockaway Fall Festival Every year the Rockaway Music and Arts Council's Fall Festival brings hundreds of artists and crafts-people to Jacob Riis Park. It's an open-air juried art show. That means you can meet the folks who made the blown glass, pottery, paintings, stained glass, silk, jewelry, and other creations on sale. Father's Day in Queens This year Father's Day in Queens falls during the "rainy season." Your plans for outdoor fun are out. Here are a few ideas to do something special and different for dad this Father's Day weekend in Queens, New York. Colombian Independence Day Festival in Flushing Meadows Colombian Independence Day comes once a year to Flushing Meadows Park in Queens, New York, when thousands of Colombian families gather for a day-long celebration of the yellow, blue, and red. The Unisphere The Unisphere is a beautiful, giant steel globe that sits in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in Queens, New York. Flushing Town Hall - Visitors Guide to Flushing Town Hall Flushing Town Hall is the premier music and arts venue in northern Queens. The Flushing Council on Culture and the Arts runs a tight ship with local artists in the gallery, jazz and other msuic in the concert hall, and special family programs and festivals. Outdoor Weddings in Queens Spring is in the air, and wedding season is almost upon us. Here are five great venues for outdoor weddings in Queens, New York. They also make ideal spots for wedding photographs. Good luck and good weather to all brides and grooms. The Sculpture Center in Long Island City This organization supports experimentation and excellence in contemporary sculpture. Its Long Island City building, designed by Maya Lin, features exhibition space. Check their website for current exhibits and other events. Discover Queens Discover Queens is the official tourism website for Queens, New York. Local Events Calendar for Queens Find out about local events, where and when, through the Queens Tribune website, updated weekly. Queens Theatre in the Park The Queens Theatre in the Park hosts performers at its premier venue. There are programs for adults and children by a host of international, national, and local-based performing artists. Every summer the organization hosts the Latino Cultural Festival. Thalia Spanish Theatre In Sunnyside, Queens, Thalia is the only Hispanic theatre in Queens. It is nationally-known for staging zarzuela, a Spanish operetta style, as well as Latin American and Spanish folk music and dance. Queens Symphony Orchestra The Queens Symphony Orchestra serves the borough through music. Check out their neigborhood concerts. Mount Olivet Cemetery Mount Olivet Cemetery is a 71-acre garden cemetery located in Maspeth, Queens. Visitors can enjoy quiet walks through its beautifully landscaped grounds, and can arrange tours of its historical features and flora. The site also provides information on mausoleums, pricing, and funerary services. Amazura Concert Hall in Jamaica A dance club in downtown Jamaica at 91-12 144th Place, just off Sutphin Avenue, featuring live performers and even the occasional pro-wrestling match. Astoria Performing Arts Center (APAC) An equity showcase company performing in Astoria, with performances held in a proscenium theater in the Presbyterian Church on 33rd Street. Also offers youth programs. Nonsense NYC's Weekly List of Events Subscribe to Nonsense NYC's weekly e-mail, a great resource for "independent art, weird events, strange happenings, unique parties, and senseless culture" happening in all five boroughs of New York City. Summer Movies at Socrates Sculpture Park Every summer Socrates Sculpture Park hosts an outdoor film series, showing movies from around the world on the banks of the East River in Long Island City, Queens. Irie Jamboree - Reggae Festival in Roy Wilkins Park Irie Jamboree is an annual reggae and dancehall music festival in Queens, New York. The all-day event takes over Roy Wilkins Park in Jamaica / St. Albans, Queens. The park is awash that day with flags from throughout the Caribbean, especially Jamaica and Guyana, and you better get your tickets early and get to the park early. Warm Up at PS 1 - Summer Afternoon Parties PS 1's Warm Up party lets New Yorkers beat the heat every Saturday afternoon in July and August, by rocking out in Long Island City. The dance party in the museum's courtyard is a highlight of the New York summer. 9/11 Memorial Events in Queens Events for local 9/11 memorial events in the borough of Queens, New York. Includes tributes to FDNY and other heroes of September 11. Jamaica Flux 2007 - Review and Visitors Guide Jamaica Flux: Workspaces  Windows 2007, a public art event along Jamaica Avenue opened September 29, 2007 and ends November 17, 2007. Read review of the art work and how to get there. Jamaica Flux: Workspaces  Windows 2007 Photo gallery of Jamaica Flux: Workspaces  Windows 2007, a public art event along Jamaica Avenue. Organized by the non-profit Jamaica Center for Arts and Learning, Jamaica Flux is the second large public arts show in downtown Jamaica in recent years. It involves 25 artists/artist collectives creating 25 site-specific artworks along Jamaica Avenue, and plenty of interaction with the Jamaica, Queens, community. July 2011 Street Fairs and Festivals Schedule July 2011 Street Fairs and Festival Schedule for Queens, NY July 2010 Street Fairs and Festivals Schedule August 2011 Street Fairs and Festival Schedule for Queens, NY May Events in Astoria, Queens Events and fun things to do in Astoria, Queens for the month of May. Tour the Steinway & Sons Piano Factory Visit the Steinway & Sons piano factory in Astoria, Queens, to see the making of the world-famous Steinway piano. This is a highly recommended factory tour. August Events Calendar for Astoria, Queens Find what to do in Astoria and Long Island City this August. Learn New Skills in Astoria and Long Island City Learn a new skill at these outlets for your creativity in Astoria and Long Island City, Queens. Live Music in Astoria and Long Island City Where to find live music all around Astoria and Long Island City. October 2011 Street Fairs and Festivals Schedule Find street fair festival information for October. 36 Things to Do in Long Island City and Astoria What to do this weekend? Here's a list of 29 ideas to get you going in Western Queens. Hotels in Queens Hotels in Queens? It used to be they were the rarity, but now you can find good hotels near both airports, close to Manhattan in Long Island City, and in eastern Queens. Top 5 Winter Activities for Kids and Families in Queens, NY Snow day! Here are some of the best things to do with your children during the winter in Queens, NY. June Calendar of Events - Astoria and Long Island City June calendar of events, from concerts to celebrations, movies to fireworks, what to do this June in Astoria and Long Island City, Queens. Walking Over the Queensboro Bridge Free Queens, NY Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Queens, NY Must Reads Weekend in Queens, NY First Timer at US Open US Open - 10 Tips for Visitors US Open - Flushing Meadows Moving to Queens? Most Popular US Open Tennis Championships 2013 - Visitors... Directions to the US Open Tennis Tournament Top 10 Tips for Your Day at the US Open in... Qualifying Tournament for the US Open Tennis... JFK Airport: The Basics - Arrivals, Departures,... Free Queens, NY Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Queens Basics Eating Out - Restaurants Education and Schools Getting Around & Maps Neighborhoods - Astoria - Flushing - Forest Hills - Jackson Heights - Long Island City Photos of Queens Real Estate & Apartments Shopping & Business Things To Do Queens, NY About.com Local Queens, NY Things To Do Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 