 Podemos ayudarte en espaol. 480-894-0018 Directions/About Us Auto Repair Tempe Auto Repair Mesa Auto Repair Near ASU Auto Repair Near MCC In The News Testimonials Leave a Review Specials & Financing Specials Click Here For Financing Gift Cards Services Preventative Maintenance AC Service Air Induction Battery Service Brake Service Car Rentals Available Cooling System Diesel Repair Hybrid Repair Differential Emissions Free Courtesy Check Fuel Systems Oil Changes Power Steering Pre-Purchase Inspection Suspension Tires Transmission Flush Wheel Alignments The Hybrid Shop Hybrid Maintenance & Repair Certified HEV Repair New Hybrid Batteries Used Hybrid Batteries Hybrid Fleet Tech Tips/FAQs Catalytic Converters - An Integral Part to Passing Emissions Tests The Truth About Batteries Teen Driving Crime Alert: Catalytic Converter Theft Where do I get a convenient rental car? Who should I call for towing? What are Auto Diagnostics? How can I get the best Gas Mileage? What should I do to get ready for a road trip? What is a tune-up? Flush Your Transmission Top Automotive Things To Know Green Auto Repair Rewards Program Fleet Services Hybrid Fleet Repair Printable Coupons Make an Appointment  Excellent Quality. Excellent Service. Feb 2, 2013  ravync These people do not lie, nor do they push for a service you do not need! This is worth so much when seeking a mechanic! Not only do you look for price, but you look for a place that won't add on a dozen things they found "broken". Good Works Auto Repair will tell you if they find anything wrong, yes, but they will also physically show you what they find, so you know the truth. Honest, helpful people! Jan 16, 2013  chantief After moving from Chandler to Tempe, we tried out Good Works. We found that they were consistently great on their follow through and commitments. Where they really won us with with a repair for my mother-in-laws car. It had a defective part that needed to be replaced. New, the part would have been 700 and some change plus the labor to install. They told me that they thought that they could get this part from a local salvage lot, and called around and found it for us. The salvage part was 200. WOW. How many places do you know that would work hard to save you money? Great service at a great price Apr 23, 2013  kathep I was WAY over miles for oil change, and the guys & gals at Good Works were most helpful. They didn't lecture me, but let me know with the amount of miles on my car, it would be better if I would change it more often! They didn't try to sell me 20 other services, but made sure my car was road ready for a trip planned to Colorado. The cost for my oil change was fair and almost as cheap as if I had done it myself! The mechanics and staff is always friendly and knowledgable! I would recommend them to anyone who needs minor or major repair on their car...or just regular maintenance! People with integrity! Mar 18, 2013  alexandrias, Scottsdale Glenn and his staff are the utmost in professionalism and superb customer service. I brought my car in a year after a repair and they replaced the part that failed at no charge. I am so pleased with the ethics of this shop! Most shops would not have addressed a part failure and would have charged me to do the repair again. I would recommend Good Works to anyone! I love these guys! Nothing but the best Nov 17, 2012  jimn, Mesa I have nothing but high praise for the knowledge, expertise, and customer service I've received from Good Works Auto. Glen, Elsie, and the rest of the staff treat you as though you are a close friend or part of the family. I respect their work ethics and honesty. I would HIGHLY recommend Good Works Auto. Three Reasons You Will Be Happy With Us 24 Month/24K Warranty At Good Works Auto Repair, we think the REAL proof of excellence is how a shop stands behind its work. That's why Good Works Auto Repair offers an industry-leading warranty. When asked, we simply tell people, We stand behind our work with a 2-year and/or 24,000 mile guarantee. Friends Will Want to Give You A Ride Why will people actually WANT to give you a lift to pick up your car? Because we offer a coupon for a FREE oil change to the person who gives you a lift to drop off or pick up your car (new customers only). We want to thank them for their time and make your life easier too! If you can't get a friend to drive you -- call us for a lift. If it is within 10 miles of our shop, we come and get you. That's what friends are for. Service to Our Community We don't just operate in your community - we are an active part of it . That's why we participate in such programs as Packages From Home, Toys for Tots, Grace's Cottage, Helping Hands for Single Moms, Walk-N-Roll for Spina Bifida, and St. Mary's Food Bank. We also care about the environment. Read more about that here. The Hybrid Shop Auto Repair Tempe 2348 E Broadway Rd 480-894-0018 More About Good Works Auto Repair : Good Works Auto Repair is a full service owner-operated, automotive repair , maintenance and brake service shop serving Tempe , Mesa , Gilbert, Chandler, Ahwatukee, Apache Junction AZ and surrounding areas with many years of consistent and friendly service. We are able to make any repair on your car; however we are firm believers in auto maintenance rather than repairs. Preventative maintenance saves you money! Every time you visit our facility, we will raise the hood and check all the vital fluids. Our service team will then make maintenance recommendations based on the condition of these fluids, the odometer reading, and the time interval since your last service. Auto Repair Tempe/Mesa, AZ NARPRO honors Good Works Auto Repair for maintaining an outstanding 98.23% Customer Satisfaction Rating as rated by the most important judges of all-their customers. Whether you need transmission repair , tires , brake service , a basic oil change - or any automobile repair in between - our Tempe/Mesa facility is ready and waiting for your call. Conveniently located near ASU at the Broadway and the Price Freeway, our repair facility is modern, clean and comfortable. We use the latest diagnostic equipment to guarantee that your automotive service is diagnosed and completed right the first time. We understand how busy life can be, so we will keep track of your preventative maintenance and send you reminders to have your oil changed, your brakes serviced, your air conditioner inspected - and all the other automobile maintenance services that will keep your car running in top shape. Our technicians are more than mechanics - they are highly trained, certified professionals that will provide a written estimate, a full explanation of the services provided , and the best warranty in the business. We are focused on building customers for life. Se habla espanol . When you bring your car for service or repair, you'll be as comfortable with our clean, modern Tempe/Mesa facility, as you are with our service. Our full-service east valley facility is set-up with everything needed to take care of your automobile. Services include everything from oil changes and transmissions to emissions . We have over-sized lifts for your medium-duty trucks and we even service diesel and hybrid engines. Most importantly for you, our technicians' primary purpose is to ensure that they identify the situation right from the start so you don't waste your time and money.  Good Works Auto Repair customers know that our mechanics care as much about their car as they do, which is why our customer satisfaction and referral rate is one of the highest in the industry. It's because our goal is to give you the best advice possible, so that your investment is the best return for your money. But, it's easy for a company to brag about their excellent service. Sure we have awards and recognition , but we think our customers say it best. Conveniently located near Mesa, Gilbert, Chandler and Scottsdale, our facility is less than a mile away from the Light Rail Station at Price Freeway and Apache Boulevard. We offer free rides to the station. Simply drop off your car in the morning for service and just pick it up after work. Call for an appointment today. Our passion is to keep your vehicle trouble-free and fun to drive! Our Monthly In-Depth Article Buying a New Car: The Ultimate Investment Although it seems like most of the newest and exciting vehicle technologies are only available in expensive, late-model cars, all drivers can expect that technology is developing among all price ranges in the near future. With technology expanding and overtaking the auto industry - which is constantly attempting to produce new and exciting features in our vehicles - drivers who are looking at purchasing a new model will find themselves in awe at the new technologies available. To learn more about the most recent vehicle technologies on the market, click here . Good Works Blog Simplifying Your Life Starts with Auto Repair Services Simplify Your Life Month is all about making things easier on yourself. Many people these days seem to DIY everything just to save a buck. But without expertise or experience with some DIY projects, it may end up costing you more time and money in the long run, especially when it comes to servicing your vehicle. Appreciation for our Air Conditioning Most vehicles these days come with air conditioning, thankfully. Thinking back before the days of A/C is almost unbearable, especially during these record-high temperatures here in Arizona. Whether in your home or in your car, not having air conditioning can actually be physically harmful. July 3 thru August 15 have been dedicated as Air Conditioning Appreciation Days and rightfully so..... Value of Hybrid Battery Conditioning Chances are you bought a hybrid vehicle to save money on fuel, go greener for the sake of the environment, and to enjoy the performance that hybrid vehicles can afford you. But as with all vehicles, hybrids need regular maintenance and hybrid repair services in order to get the most out of your investment and to enjoy all of the benefits of owning a hybrid car..... We Know Hybrids If hybrid vehicles have one bad stereotype, it is that they are difficult and expensive to repair. For some drivers, the difference between purchasing a hybrid vehicle and a regular vehicle is the maintenance and care that is involved. Although it is true that hybrids do require some special care, it is still similar to that of regular vehicles..... Everyone and Every Repair Counts Personal service, open communication, highly-trained technicians, and the proper equipment will assure your satisfaction and a job well done. Our Pledge: we will not sell you anything you don't need or charge you for anything you did not get.  Good Works Auto Repair Tempe 2348 E. Broadway Rd - Tempe , AZ 85282 - 480-894-0018 - http://www.goodworksautorepair.com/auto-repair-tempe.php Good Works Auto Repair Mesa Located on the border of West Mesa , AZ - 480-894-0018 - http://www.goodworksautorepair.com/auto-repair-mesa.php Find us on Google+ Good Works Auto Repair Videos: Tips, Tricks, and Testimonials The Best Gas Prices in Tempe - Mesa We can work with your Extended Warranty Company. Tempe/West Mesa | 2348 E. Broadway Rd | Tempe, AZ 85282 | 480-894-0018 HOME - DIRECTIONS - SPECIALS - SERVICES - HYBRID REPAIR - TESTIMONIALS - TECH TIPS/FAQS - REWARDS PROGRAM - SITE MAP Designed by Smart Marketing Copyright  2013, Good Works Auto Repair LLC, All Rights Reserved. 