 For the best experience, you should use a browser that supports JavaScript. Search: Fine Arts  Life On Campus Fine Arts Barrington Center for the Arts Celebration of the Arts Gallery Schedule History Alive! Improv Troupe Christmas at Gordon Art Gallery Schedule Music Schedule Theatre Schedule College Calendar Home Home  Student Life  Life On Campus  Fine Arts Fine Arts Aside from our respective academic departments, the fine arts at Gordon offer you the chance to explore your creativity as well as take part in our larger community, on and off campus. The campus also hosts visiting artists, world class musicians, and guest speakers who delight audiences with their talents and insights. DEPARTMENT OF ART UNDERGRADUATE ART PROGRAM ART EDUCATION PROGRAM Gallery Schedule: see a listing of on campus exhibits in our two modern galleries, used to exhibit works of professional and student artists. Return Design : a graphic design studio on campus run by student designers and a faculty creative director Gordon in Orvieto : one of many semester abroad programs, this program is a studio for Art, Faith  History in Orvieto, Italy Christians in the Visual Arts (CIVA) : located on campus, this premier national visual arts organization works to connect the artist, the Church, and the culture. DEPARTMENT OF COMMUNICATION ARTS UNDERGRADUATE COMM ARTS PROGRAM Student Films: watch short films created by Gordon students. Gordon Globes: a formal awards ceremony for short films made by students, hosted by CEC (Campus Events Council) DEPARTMENT OF MUSIC UNDERGRADUATE MUSIC PROGRAM MASTER OF MUSIC EDUCATION Concert and Event Schedule: performances and tours sponsored by the Music Department Ensembles: performance opportunities outside of the classroom. Many perform on campus, locally and even internationally. Music Community: various choirs and ensembles that non-majors, alumni, faculty/staff, and the larger community can take part in. DEPARTMENT OF THEATRE ARTS UNDERGRADUATE THEATRE ARTS PROGRAM Theatre Schedule : see a listing of upcoming theatre productions (Auditions for theatre productions are open to the entire student body.) History Alive! : Gordon'sprofessional acting troupe in nearby Salem, MA Sweaty-Toothed Madmen : an improv sketch comedy team British Theatre : one of many study abroad programs, this two week program in London and Edinburgh allows students to see and learn how the world's best plays and musicals are made from page to stage. Student Clubs : including the Gordon College Dance Team, The Producer's Society, and REACH drama ministry Gordon College is one of the nation's premier Christian colleges and located just north of Boston. We offer students extraordinary access to leading-edge opportunities for intellectual, professional, and leadership development to address the increasingly complex challenges of a global society. Gordon stands apart from other outstanding institutions in New England by combining an exceptional education with an informed Christian faith. Gordon College, 255 Grapevine Road, Wenham, MA 01984 Telephone 978.927.2300  Copyright 2013. All rights reserved. admissions@gordon | info@gordon | sitemap | website privacy | email the author | mobile site 