    All About Cars, Buying, Selling, Tips, Guides, New Cars, Used Cars, Car Insurance, Cars Dealers   Pages Home About CarRealTips Privacy Disclaimer Contact Us     Google Glass for Cars, Is it Good or Bad for Drivers? At this time, after the official launching of the Google Glass, the people are in discussion that what can do the Google Glass for them? They are in search that are the Google Glasses are good or bad. Many people are thinking to use it within their Cars for better navigation of the way. There is very cool system of Google Glass with great interface with GPS functions during driving the car. The owners of the vehicles are planning to buy the Google Glass pairs with the purchasing Corolla or Bentley for good experience with their driving. The Google Glass will make it better experience of Audi, BMW and Mercedes Benz with this great inventions of Google because their is updated Google Maps App having Android Operating System and the top most benefit of these glasses is that this can be operate with voice commands and there is no hazard to life during the driving. 2 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Audi , bmw , google glass , google glass car , google glass navigation , Mercedes Benz  Nissan Recalling Pathfinder, Infiniti SUV for Defect of Brake Parts Automaker company , Nissan said that they are recalling their Pathfinder models of vehicles for compaint over defects in parts of brakes of their SUVs. This decision is made for United States customers of Nissan Pathfinder and Infiniti JX SUVs. The defects are in Iron Brake Caliper Part of Pathfinder which is failing during driving and can seriouly danagours for human lives and drivers over crashing of the vehicles at National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Nissan, however said in the statement that these Pathfinder models are in warranty yet. No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Infiniti JX SUV , National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , Nissan Pathfinder , Top Automaker of United States  Fiat 500 EV Photo No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Fiat 500 EV  Toyota GLi Automatic Super ECT Automatic No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Toyota GLi Automatic Super ECT Automatic  Full Family Cars, all sizes funny Here are full family cars of all sizes. (funny) No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook  BMW X5 SUVs Recalling for Brake Problems According to the official reports from BMW owner, that they are recalling back over 30,000 Sports Utility Vehicles with V8 engine of 2007-10 X5 models over their problems with breaks. This statement also backed by National Highway Traffic SafetyAdministration(NHTSA) of United States. BMW also recalled their vehicles earlier back in 2010 for also problems like so. Now it is said that their are problems with the Brake Booster which are failing during the drive on roads and mis-functions often. No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Automobiles , bmw , BMW of North America X5 SUVs , n.h.t.s.a. , National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , recall , safety  Chevrolet Camaro Price in United States Chevrolet Camaro Price in United States $24,245. No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Chevrolet Camaro Price in United States Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)  Car Brands Mercedes Benz (3) Chicago Auto Show (2) National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (2) Toyota (2) bmw (2) AFP (1) Acura ILX (1) Acura ILX Hybrid Price in United States (1) Acura ILX Price in United States (1) All About Cars (1) Audi (1) Audi A3 (1) Audi TT (1) Automobiles (1) BMW of North America X5 SUVs (1) Buick Verano (1) Buying (1) Buying a Sports Car (1) CLA (1) Car Insurance (1) Car without Driver (1) Cars Dealers (1) Chevrolet (1) Chevrolet Avalanche Price in United States (1) Chevrolet Camaro Price in United States (1) Chevrolet Cruze Diesel (1) DARPA Grand Challenge (1) Dodge Challenger (1) Double Cabin (1) Fiat 500 EV (1) Gen Xer (1) General Motors (1) Google Driverless Car (1) Guides (1) Infiniti JX SUV (1) Kaley Cuoco (1) Lexus RX450h (1) Mercedes Benz Price (1) New Cars (1) Nissan Pathfinder (1) Sebastian Thrun (1) Selling (1) Shelby American American International Auto Show in Detroit (1) Sports Car Buying Guide (1) Sports Cars (1) Stan Honda (1) Tips (1) Top Automaker of United States (1) Toyota GLi Automatic Super ECT Automatic (1) Toyota Pickup (1) Toyota Prius (1) Toyota Super Bowl Ad (1) Toyota Truck (1) Toyota Tundra (1) Tundra Models (1) Used Cars (1) Willem Dafoe (1) google glass (1) google glass car (1) google glass navigation (1) n.h.t.s.a. (1) price of Chevrolet Cruze Diesel in the United States (1) recall (1) safety (1)  Other Cars Reviews  2013 (18)  April (4) Google Glass for Cars, Is it Good or Bad for Drive... Nissan Recalling Pathfinder, Infiniti SUV for Defe... Fiat 500 EV Photo Toyota GLi Automatic Super ECT Automatic   February (11)    January (3)    All About Cars, Buying, Selling, Tips, Guides, New Cars, Used Cars, Car Insurance, Cars Dealers. Travel template. Powered by Blogger .  