 How To Guides | Community Where knowledge rules  Search Helium Autos Antique Cars & Classic Cars Auto Repair Buying & Selling Cars Car Reviews Cars Driving & Safety Fuel Economy Hybrids Motorcycles & Scooters SUVs Trucks Autos (Other) Home > Autos > Autos (Other) Automotive world: The aftermarket culture Top Article All 4 Articles Tweet 2 of 4 by Dave Hughes Created on : January 17, 2009 Last Updated : April 28, 2009 While the automotive industry suffers, the after market is experiencing a boom it has not seen since the mid fifties when young men with time on their hands and money in their pockets dreamed of having the fastest, most furious hot road around. Back then, car shows were everywhere, and drag racing was just being born out of the stop light to stop light sprints that gave every traffic cop in America headaches. The only real difference between then and now is that back then, most of the after market business involved making jalopies presentable. Anything fresh from Detroit usually found its way to an adult population satisfied with car makers' efforts to provide a safe, sturdy, stylish vehicle that lasted just long enough for owners to save enough money to buy a new version in a couple of years. The backbone of the after market business were young men who inherited automobiles that were certainly less than perfect, and great amounts of money went toward getting these worn old iron horses back on the road. These days the primary source of after market success comes from young owners of new machines, and those cars need not be anything special like the old muscle cars or the gas guzzling showboats that begged customization. Now it's common to see a dressed out Toyota or Nissan as some classic American iron brought back from the junk heap. Young men and women are accessorizing their brand new cars with spinning rims, rumbling exhausts, and ultra-thin tires, and the factory paint hardly has tile to dry before it's replaced with something with flash. After market auto parts stores are packed with dazzling goodies to dress up even the most factory-perfect yuppie-mobiles. Neither BMW nor Audi are safe from the trend to make a car a personal expression of its owner. The young driver is not the only force behind the continued economic success of the after market. Baby boomers who grew up with a deep appreciation of the old marques are powering a revival of the fifties, restoring the virtually every old car they get their hands on regardless of its original reputation. Among the muscle cars and former Detroit masterpieces, car shows now play home to almost any old make brought back to its original showroom grace. For every classic Mustang, there is a Plymouth Valiant; for each handsome Corvette, a Ford Country Squire station wagon. Even the minivan is not immune to the car enthusiast. It won't be too long before they, too, will find their place among the classic cars circling 1 2 3 Next Page   Below are the top articles rated and ranked by Helium members on: Automotive world: The aftermarket culture 1 of 4 by Scott Kolecki Aftermarket. It used to be that when we heard the word "aftermarket", it conjured up images of substandard parts being installed 2 of 4 by Dave Hughes While the automotive industry suffers, the after market is experiencing a boom it has not seen since the mid fifties when 3 of 4 by Eryk Dabrowski The aftermarket culture is composed of the good, the bad, and the "Made in China." There are so many aftermarket parts manufacturers 4 of 4 by Mike Mccarthy Once you have purchased your new car, be it brand new or second hand, it is almost impossible not to be drawn to the aftermarket  HIDE Tweet Email this article Print article  Related Titles: Rain dances in different world cultures In the animal world man alone has culture In the animal world man alone has culture The debt aftermarket and its effect on your credit score Cultural sensitivity in the corporate world Helium Debate Cast your vote! Are men better than women at negotiating prices for used cars? Yes or No Click for your side. On the home page Most popular titles Obituary: Julie Harris A recap of the 2013 Video Music Awards Why is the Bank of America closing drive-through windows? A look at the rise of sleep-texting Great staycation ideas for Labor Day weekend Perfume reviews: Heat by Beyonce Movie reviews: 'All Superheroes Must Die' (2011) Dog breeds that are easy to train How to decorate your living room for fall Poetry: Sonnets about August Secrets to keeping weight off for good An introduction to tweeting How to store a car in the winter in cold climates How to winterize your motorcycle How to winterize your car How to start a car in cold weather Problems with tires in the winter How to drive safely in winter Items every winter driver should have with them A guide to winterizing an RV Winter weather car maintenance checklist How to clean off a car after a winter storm Driver safety: Tips for surviving the unexpected in the winter The difference between all-season tires and winter tires The truth about zero percent auto financing How to know when to replace spark plugs What to do if you witness a car accident How to diagnose engine ticking or tapping sounds Symptoms of bad CV joints How do you know when a fuel pump is going bad? How to start a diesel vehicle in cold weather The Kelley Blue Book: How to assess used car values How to clean corrosion on your cars battery terminals and wires How to fix rust spots on a car Featured Partner The Dolly Lammy Breathing Company Inc more  CONNECT WITH US Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Read our blog Write and get published Share with other writers Polish your freelancing skills Join our active writing community Quality articles from proven freelancers Exclusive rights, fast turnaround Brand engagement, business blogging -- our writers do it all Get custom content today! INFORMATION About Us Team Helium User Tools User Agreement Privacy Policy DMCA Copyright  2002-2013 Helium, Inc. All rights reserved. Helium.com: A Service of RR Donnelley  Helium, Inc. 200 Brickstone Square Andover , MA 01810 USA  # 