  Search Home  Automotive  Trucks  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Automotive: Trucks category? Email Address: Subscribe Trucks RSS Feed Top Authors in Trucks More Automotive categories: Automotive (49,214) ATV (916) Buying Selling Auctions (2,497) Car Detailing Customization (2,612) Classic Cars (1,816) Hybrid Energy Efficient (1,860) Mobile Audio Video (1,824) Motorcycles (6,672) Repairs (8,160) RV (2,476) SUVs (743) Trucks (4,982) Vans (355) Automotive: Trucks Article Category The History of Trucks by Monte O'Hara Have you ever wondered just how the truck has evolved over the years? What was the first company to actually build a truck? What is its role in the transportation industry? Off Roading - Suspension Lift Kits Vs Body Lift Kits by Mike Shelton Choose the right lift kit for your needs. Understand the difference between a suspension lift kit and a body lift kit. They Call It a Rest Area for a Reason: Drowsy Driving Dangers by Greta Golfis Those with truck driving jobs are well aware of the day-to-day dangers involved in their profession. Take precaution where you start to feel a little drowsy. Your life depends on it! The Future of Truck Technologies May Very Well Include Autonomous Systems - I'd Bet On It by Lance Winslow We all know that Google has an autonomous car program, automobiles that drive themselves, and they are testing it out in Nevada, on the actual highways - the technology has come this far. Mostly thanks to DARPA and their DARPA Challenge and DARPA Grand Challenge. Our automobiles are getting smarter, we know this because some cars now parallel park themselves, others have features that help prevent us running over pedestrians or making an unsafe lane-change. Best Pickup Trucks of 2013 by Michael Rantowski The modern pickup is more than just a practical performance vehicle. They're now both powerful and luxurious. If you're shopping for a truck you can use for work and for exciting weekend adventures, you should consider these best trucks of 2013, as chosen by US News. What Are The Electrical Systems In The Truck Electrics? by Lennie M Borg Modern day vehicles running on internal combustion engines have many electrical parts along with mechanical parts. Cars have batteries, starters, and central locking system, back cameras et al. Trucks are bigger vehicles doing more serious industrial jobs and carrying costly loads. Hence they need more accessories than cars. De-Coding Diesel Truck Classified Ads by Jillynn Stevens, Ph.D., MSW You know that going diesel is the right move for you, but now that you're facing scores of classified ads, the whole process seems a little overwhelming. Just like a dating profile, you need to be able to read between the lines. When browsing diesel truck classified ads, it's important to watch out for a few key words. Here's your quick guide to reading between the lines to avoid getting stuck with a dud. Keeping Trucks On The Road And Out Of The Repair Shop by Greta Golfis When it comes to truck maintenance, little details can make a big difference. A moment of carelessness or neglect could result in costly repairs or a tragic accident. Keeping to a regular maintenance schedule will go a long way in keeping a truck working on the road where it belongs and out of the repair shop. World's Most Unusual Driving Records by Stephen I Alexander Trucks come in all shapes and sizes, from gigantic monster trucks to miniature model trucks. Here's a look at some of the most unusual truck driving records in the world, as well as a few other fun records that are hard to believe: Fastest speed for monster truck Traditionally, trucks are not made to drive at fast speeds - especially not an enormous monster truck. However, one monster truck (appropriately named Bigfoot 14) in Nashville, Tennessee reached a staggering 111. How to Look For a Used Trash Truck Prior to Buying One by Flyn R Blith Are you looking to buy a used garbage truck? Do you know what to check on a used trash truck before buying it? Here we will discuss what should be checked before finalizing a deal to purchase a used front loading, rear loading, side loading or roll off garbage truck. Five Famous Trucks From Around The World by Morven McCulloch From adverts and Hollywood blockbusters to cross cultural vans and lorries, this article rounds up some of the most famous vehicles in trucking history. From Indian lorries to fire engines, here are our top five. Good Ergonomics For Dispatchers by M. Patrick Quinn Generally part of the role of being a dispatcher is sitting for long periods of time. Proper ergonomics are necessary for avoiding the problems this can cause. Which Is Better - Buying Used Or Scissor Lift Hire? by Ramesh Nigam There is some belief that scissor lift hire is actually a false economy, as buying a second hand or refurbished machine could work out to be cheaper in the long term. Whilst there are some competitive hire rates available, if you have no idea how long a project is going to take (especially if there is the chance for delays and complications) this may not be the most affordable option. If you very rarely need to use one of these lifts, however, purchasing a used one may also not be the best decision. Making Your Vacuum Truck Company Unlike The Competition! by Christopher M. Hunter Do you know how to make your vacuum truck company stand out from the competition? Read this article to learn useful resources to grow a vacuum truck business! Follow These Safety Measure With Your Vacuum Truck! by Christopher M. Hunter Do you know about important safety measures regarding a vac truck for sale? Read this article for in-depth information about vacuum truck safety! Vacuum Truck Pumps - Be Sure To Pick The Right Size! by Christopher M. Hunter Does your vacuum truck have the right size pump for its capacity? Read this article to learn why this fact is so important to efficient vacuum truck operations! Prolong The Life Of Your Truck With Proper Care And Preventive Maintenance by Harveen Pal If you want your truck to perform smoothly and last long, you cannot afford to ignore routine checks and regular preventive maintenance. You must keep the truck manual at hand and refer to it occasionally to know when it is time to perform the basic maintenance jobs like checking and maintaining fluid levels, changing oil, etc. Periodic engine diagnostics and tire rotation will also be required. Logging Equipment and Systems - Learn About The Different Types! by Christopher M. Hunter Do you know the different types of logging systems that can be used to fell trees? Read this article to learn about each system to decide the best one to use! Mud Bogging - A Few Facts You Must Know by S W Allen Mud slingin with friends can be a great way to kill an afternoon. There are a few things you need to think about up front or a fun day can turn bad very quickly. Do You Know The Proper Hand Signals For Knuckleboom Trucks? by Christopher M. Hunter Are you a part of an operation involving knuckleboom trucks? Read this article to learn why OSHA has added knowing hand and verbal signals to such operations! Helping Logging Industry Struggles - Useful Grapple Truck Choices! by Christopher M. Hunter Do you know the benefit of used grapple trucks to the forest industry? Read this article to learn about grapple truck achievements in the world's forests! Miles, Experience, And More - What Determines Truck Driver Pay by Greta Golfis For someone who enjoys driving, seeing the sights that are out there on the road, has the right skills, and doesn't mind being away from home or working alone, being an over-the-road trucker can be a good career choice. The pay and the benefits can be great and the work will always be in demand. It's an important job. After all, most of what keeps America going travels on 18 wheels. The Basic Principles of Truck Insurance by Rachel S Flanagan Where it comes to commercial trucking, having truck insurance is just part of the territory. Alas most truck drivers and businesses don't possess the basic information to comprehend this subject and depend heavily on their insurance professional. This could amount to 100s of dollars lost in premium per year and even hundreds of dollars lost if an accident occurs and you are not appropriately covered. Stay Safe Out There by Greta Golfis Although exact numbers are hard to come by, it's estimated that there are between 2.5 and 3 million big rigs on America's highways and interstates every day. They're literally the wheels that keep the country running. Considering that the average over-the-road truck driver racks up somewhere in the neighborhood of 100,000 miles a year, that's a lot of driving. Whether you're driving a big rig down the highway tens of thousands of miles a year or driving the family mini-van on a vacation, watch out for each other and stay safe out there. 7 Ways to Spruce Up Your Truck by Cathy Mack This article outlines some top tips for truck drivers to help them feel more at home in their vehicle. From plug-in coffee makers to window pillows, here's our handy list. Four Health Risks That Truck Drivers Should Avoid by Greta Golfis The occupation of truck driving can be quite demanding when compared to other types of jobs. To help keep a long, healthy truck driving career, be aware of the health risks that truck drivers should avoid and take measures to prevent. The Essential Parts of a Vacuum Truck Tank! by Christopher M. Hunter A vacuum truck, whether it is used for residential septic service, portable toilet discharge, or something such as wastewater removal or oilfield pumping, is essentially still a vacuum truck that operates on the same basic principles. Consider the tank and vacuum pump - important indeed yet far from being the only critical parts on these trucks. Conducting A Proper Tractor-Trailer Wheel and Tire Inspection by Christopher Maiorano If you're trying to qualify for a Commercial Driver's License, it's not enough to know how to drive a truck - you also need to know the ins & outs of maintenance and safety. Tire and wheel inspections are absolutely crucial to maintain safety, for yourself and drivers around you. In this article, we describe the essentials of a proper wheel and tire inspection. Vacuum Truck Pump Location - Does It Matter? by Christopher M. Hunter Have you thought of moving the pump location on your vacuum truck? Read this article to learn about some of the potential benefits that could be gained! Septic Trucks Need The Right Size Pump! by Christopher M. Hunter Are you wanting to find a septic truck for sale? Read this article for information on buying one that has the best pump for your septic truck business needs! Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First  Previous 1 2 3 4 5  167 Next   EzineArticles.com  2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 