  English Chinese Japanese Korean MakerBot RedEye Solidscape DDM Group Login Find a Reseller 3D Printers Materials Applications Industries Resources Customer Support Idea Series Mojo uPrint SE uPrint SE Plus Design Series Precision Objet24 Objet30 Pro Objet Eden260V Objet Eden350V Objet Eden500V Objet260 Connex Objet350 Connex Objet500 Connex Objet1000 Performance Dimension 1200es Dimension Elite Production Series Fortus 250mc Fortus 360mc Fortus 400mc Fortus 900mc Technology FDM Technology PolyJet Technology FDM Thermoplastics ABS plus ABSi ABS-M30 ABS-M30i ABS-ESD7 PC PC-ABS PC-ISO PPSF/PPSU ULTEM 9085 PolyJet Photopolymers Digital Materials Digital ABS High Temperature Transparent Rigid Opaque Polypropylene-like Rubber-like Bio-compatible Dental Materials Material Safety Data Sheets FDM Thermoplastics PolyJet Photopolymers Concept Modeling Architectural Models Ergonomic Studies Marketing and Graphic Design More End Use Parts Functional Prototyping Simulating Overmolding Surrogate Parts Wind Tunnel Testing More Advanced Applications MRI Components Optimized Supports More Manufacturing Tooling Jigs and Fixtures RTV molding Thermoforming More Finishing Bonding and Gluing Painting Sealing FDM Parts More > Aerospace Commercial Products Dental Architecture Consumer Products Education Automotive Defense Medical Case Studies Videos White Papers Event Calendar Webinars Rapid Prototyping Support Programs Mojo and uPrint Support 3D Printer Training E-Learning Resource Center Recycling Center Material Patches Legacy Products Customer Feedback Contact Us  Automotive 3D print precise prototypes and tooling that can take abuse You cant change the world by staying in your lane  innovation means going off the beaten path. Stratasys 3D Printing breaks down barriers to innovation for automotive manufacturers. By building durable concept models, prototypes, tooling and low-volume end-use parts in-house, engineers and designers can work more iteratively, test more thoroughly and move confidently into production. Industries Automotive Industries Aerospace Architecture Automotive Commercial Products Consumer Products Defense Dental Education Medical For resilient prototypes and parts made from high-performance engineering thermoplastics, Stratasys offers patented Fused Deposition Modeling (FDM) Technology. For beautiful models requiring rubberlike or clear materials with a smooth finish right out of the 3D printer, we offer PolyJet technology-based 3D printers. Get customer testimonials and expert information on how 3D printing can accelerate and improve automotive design. Case Studies White Papers Webinars Watch Videos on Automotive 3D Printing Minimizer Tests Truck Fenders With Black ULTEM Prototypes By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. Minimizer's engineers road test their semi-truck fenders with functional prototypes 3D printed in black ULTEM 9085, a high-performance thermoplastic. Joe Gibbs Racing Uses 3D Printed Duct Outlet By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. 3D printing with FDM allowed JGR to speed from concept model to finished part in less than 3 days and have a new custom duct outlet installed on the car in time for the next race. 3D Printed Car Dashboard at Euromold 2011 By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. Stratasys VP Jonathan Jaglom demonstrates some of the parts created in the company's Digital ABS Green material (formerly called ABS-like), including this full-size, functional 3D printed car dashboard. NASA's Next Rover Has 3D-Printed Parts By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. NASA engineers use 3D printing to build a next-generation rover to support humans exploring other worlds, such as asteroids and, eventually, Mars.  Related Information Application Brief: Jigs and Fixtures White Paper: Production Floor Trends Application Brief: Carbon-Fiber Layups Next Steps Have your toughest applications solved with FDM technology Contact Us Share this page  DDM GROUP Metal Forming Composite Tooling Jigs and Fixtures Thermoforming End-Use Parts Test Reports ULTEM Calculator About DDM Group INDUSTRIES Aerospace 3D Printing Automotive 3D Printing Commercial Products 3D Prototyping Dental Consumer Products 3D Prototyping Education 3D Printing Medical Device Prototyping Defense 3D Printing CORPORATE About Us Investor Relations Newsroom Careers REACH Compliance PARTNERS FDM Resource Center Partner Zone CONTACT US Contact Stratasys Locations Find a Reseller Get a Sample Part Customer Feedback Recycling Center COMMUNITY Blog Guidelines  Stratasys Ltd.  2013. All rights reserved. | Legal | Privacy Policy  