 Fine Art Definition, Meaning, History: Painting, Sculpture, Prints. WHAT IS ART? For an explanation of the the creative arts, see: Art Definition, Meaning . Fine Art: Definition  Meaning The term fine art refers to an art form practised mainly for its aesthetic value and its beauty (art for art's sake) rather than its functional value. Fine art is rooted in drawing and design-based works such as painting , printmaking, and sculpture . It is often contrasted with  applied art  and crafts which are both traditionally seen as utilitarian activities. Other non-design-based activities regarded as fine arts, include photography and architecture, although the latter is best understood as an applied art. WORLDS TOP VISUAL ARTISTS For top creative practitioners, see: Best Artists of All Time . For the greatest European painters, see: Old Masters . WORLD'S BEST ART For a list of the best examples of oils, watercolours, mixed media from 1300-present, see: Greatest Paintings Ever . For the top 3-D artworks, see: Greatest Sculptures Ever . HISTORY OF VISUAL ARTS For important dates in the development of fine art and other artforms, see: History of Art . FINE ARTS IRELAND For Irish fine art exponents, see: Visual Artists Ireland and Aosdana (People of the Arts). TYPES OF ART For artworks made out of salvaged materials, see: Junk Art . For painting/sculpture made by artists outside mainstream, see: Outsider Art . For works by mental patients see: Art Brut . ABSTRACTION For a general guide to forms of non-representational art, see: Abstract Art . For geometric abstraction, see: Concrete Art , or Non-Objective Art . Problems of Definition The area of fine art is constantly being extended to embrace new activities arising because of either new technology, or artistic invention. The former is exemplified by acrylic painting , as well as silkscreen printing and giclee prints; the latter by the invention of mixed-media artworks employing collage , decollage, photomontage, or found-art. Because of this gradual widening process, it is almost impossible to define or fix a meaning for fine art. (See also: Types of Art .) Difference Between Fine Art and Decorative Arts/Crafts Until the English Arts  Crafts Movement of the late 19th century, there was a rigid distinction between fine art (purely aesthetic) and decorative art (functional). During the 20th century, with the introduction of the category of visual art , this arbitrary distinction has become blurred, and certain crafts or decorative arts (notably ceramics) are now considered to be fine art. HOW TO EVALUATE FINE ARTS Read our article for students and teachers on appreciation, see: Art Evaluation: How to Appreciate Art and How To Appreciate Paintings . CRAFTS For the definition, history and types of handicrafts and decorative arts, see: Crafts: History, Types . What Does Fine Art Include? Definitions of fine art are obliged to change with the time, but most encompass the following activities: Drawing - charcoal - chalk - pastel - pencil - pen and ink - book illustration - caricature Painting - encaustic painting - tempera painting - ink and wash - oil painting - watercolour painting - gouache - acrylics Sculpture - bronze - stone - wood-carving Printmaking - woodcuts - engraving - etching - lithography - silkscreen-printing Other Fine Arts Photography But see: Is Photography Art? Architecture Manuscript Illumination Calligraphy Animation  History of Fine Art This type of art dates back to the Acheulian period of prehistoric art : to proto-sculptures such as the Venus of Berekhat Ram (a basaltic figurine, 230,000-700,000 BCE) and the Venus of Tan-Tan (quartzite figurine, 200,000-500,000 BCE); and to cave paintings from Chauvet Cave (c.30,000 BCE), Lascaux, Altamira, Pech-Merle, and Cosquer. During the era of ancient Mediterranean civilizations, including those of later Greek, Roman and Byzantine culture, as well as medieval Carolingian, Ottonian, Romanesque and Gothic art, fine artists were regarded as mere skilled-workers - like skilled interior decorators or carvers. It wasn't until the Renaissance, that the profession of artist was raised to a new higher level, reflecting the newly perceived importance of the design element - or  disegno . Fine Arts Academies From the 16th century onwards, students who wished to enter the new profession of artist were trained in special academies, set up across Europe. The two earliest were the Academy of the Art of Design in Florence ( Accademia dell'Arte del Disegno ) and the Fine Art Academy of Rome ( Accademia di San Luca ). These educational institutions taught a highly traditional type of  academic art , founded on the principles of Renaissance art , which regulated things like subject matter, form, message, composition, colour and so on. [See: Best Renaissance Drawings . See also our list of the Greatest Renaissance Paintings .] They also laid down a strict Hierarchy of the Genres , which ranked the painting genres in the following order of importance: (1) History painting (2) Portraiture (3) Genre-paintings (4) Landscape (5) Still Life. Thus a history painting (meaning a picture with an uplifting  istoria  or narrative) was rated as more edifying than a landscape, devoid of any human content, or moral. Academies remained the bastions of traditional fine art until the 20th century, when Cubism, Dada and Surrealism swept away their neat set of rules. Modern/Contemporary Fine Art Contemporary artists have further extended the boundaries of fine art. The plastic art of sculpture now employs a range of new materials, as well as new forms (assemblage, land art etc). Printmaking has taken advantage of new commercial printing processes, like silkscreen printing and giclee prints. It surely won't be long before installations are regarded as fine art. Movements/Periods of Fine Art Here is a short chronological list of the major schools of fine art:  Romanesque Art (Carolingian, Ottonian) (c.775-1050)  Gothic (c.1150-1280)  International Gothic Style (c.1300-1500)  Early Renaissance (c.1400-90)  High Renaissance (c.1490-1530)  Mannerism (c.1530-1600)  Northern Renaissance (c.1400-1530)  Baroque (c.1600-1700)  Rococo (c.1700-50)  Neoclassical (c.1750-1815)  Romanticism Movement (Flourished c.1790-1830)  English School of Landscape (18th  19th Century)  English School of Figurative Painting (18th  19th Century)  French Realism (c.1845 onwards)  Impressionism (c.1870-80)  Post Impressionism (1885 on) (Pointillism, Intimisme, Cloisonism, Primitivism)  Fauvism (c.1900-10)  Expressionism (c.1900 onwards)  Cubism (c.1908-12)  Dada (c.1916-24)  Surrealism (1924 onwards)  Abstract Expressionism (1945-60)  Op-Art (c.1958-70)  Pop Art (c.1958-73)  Minimalism (1960s, 70s)  Photorealism (1960s, 70s) The Anomaly of Architecture Architecture is traditionally seen as a fine art, particularly if its aesthetics are spotlighted, rather than its engineering components. Moreover, architectural works, like the Egyptian Pyramids , the Great Wall of China, the Greek Parthenon , Chartres Cathedral, the Taj Mahal and the Eiffel Tower, are important cultural symbols and works of art, symbolizing their historical civilization. Even so, architecture shares little with other fine art disciplines, and may rightly be regarded as more of an applied art.  For more about the meaning of art terms, see: Visual Arts Encyclopedia . Art Glossary ENCYCLOPEDIA OF ART  visual-arts-cork.com. All rights reserved. 