  Search over 100 encyclopedias and dictionaries: Search Research categories Close categories  Follow us on Twitter   View all topics in the news  View all reference sources at Encyclopedia.com   Free reference entries A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z #  Home Literature and the Arts Categories: Earth and the Environment History  Literature and the Arts   Medicine People Philosophy and Religion Places Plants and Animals Science and Technology Social Sciences and the Law Sports and Everyday Life Literature and the Arts   William Shakespeare.   Wikimedia Commons   (Public Domain)   IBM Building and Marina City, Chicago, IL, USA.   Wikimedia Commons   (J. Crocker)   Pierre Auguste Renoir.   Wikimedia Commons   (Public Domain)  If people can create it, you창ll probably find it in this category. Literature and the arts spans everything from writing books, designing buildings, sculpting stone, and painting on a canvas, to designing fashion, writing an article, and acting in a play. From the first cave paintings to modern works in the digital age, it창s always been about communication and expression. The subcategory of art and architecture covers American artists like Andy Warhol, Horace Pippin, and Jackson     Pollock. It also includes European and Asian Artists like Michelangelo, Leonardo DaVinci, Paul Cezanne, and Piet Mondrian. Ranging from The Guggenheim to the Louvre to MoMA, museums displaying these pieces of art can be found around the world. Architecture covers the designers of great buildings, bridges, and roads. We have content about architects from Phillip Johnson to Frank Lloyd Wright to Ictinus, the designer of the Parthenon. English Literature can cover a range from Chaucer and Shakespeare, to Charles Dickens and Truman Capote. We also have extensive information about Asian, French, German, and Italian Literature. The category of Literature and the Arts also includes fashion, design, and crafts. This could cover designing and making clothing, conducting interior design, and working on arts and crafts. These could include hobbies like embroidery, knitting, quilting, and basketry. The beginning of journalism can be traced back to the Acta Diuma, the prototype of the modern newspaper. Today, journalism includes newspapers, magazines, Web sites, and even comic strips. Other areas of literature and the arts can include dance, film, theater, and music. All have rich histories that you can explore below.  Art and Architecture   Biographies   Classical Literature, Mythology, and Folklore   Fashion, Design, and Crafts   Journalism and Publishing   Language, Linguistics, and Literary Terms   Literature in English   Literature in Other Modern Languages   Performing Arts   Scholars and Historians  Need more research? Get credible articles from trusted sources at HighBeam Research : Newspaper archives Magazine back issues Academic journals Medical journals Nursing journals Psychology journals Book reviews And more! Questions related to Literature and the Arts What is abs. an abbreviation of? What is ABSM an abbreviation of? What is absol. an abbreviation of? What is abs. visc. an abbreviation of? What is EbS an abbreviation of? What is IBST an abbreviation of? What is obs. an abbreviation of? What is obscd an abbreviation of? What is obstet. an abbreviation of? What is HBS an abbreviation of?   Search over 100 encyclopedias and dictionaries:  Search HighBeam Research, Inc.  Copyright 2013. All rights reserved. Encyclopedia.com home page About us Help Site feedback Privacy policy Terms and conditions The Encyclopedia.com advertising network includes:  SiteCatalyst code version: H.10.Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com M: ww01 