 Orion Industries, Ltd. Call (773) 282-9100  Home ApplicationExamples IndustriesServed CoatingResources FreeEngineeringEvaluations AboutOrion SuccessStories News-Orion FAQ Glossary ContactOrion Home  Industries Served  Automotive email page print page Aerospace Automotive Bearings / Retainers Chemical Processing Commercial Bakery Consumer Products Die Casting Fasteners Filtration Media/Cloth/Screen Food Processing Glass Coated with Teflon Industrial Coatings Industrial Marine Molding Plastics Plating Printing Racing Rubber Products Screw Machine Solenoid Plungers Spring Stamping PTFE Coated Medical Components Valves / Pump Wire Products Orion Industries 5170 Northwest Highway Chicago, IL 60630 Phone (773) 282-9100 Fax (773) 282-9112 info@orioncoat.com  Automotive Pick any image to enlarge Click here to reada Chrysler Automotive Sucess Story Click here to reada Camcar-Textron Automotive Sucess Story Click here to reada Caterpillar Automotive Sucess Story Click here to read a Machine Design Magazine Article about DB L-908 Click here to read/view an Article from Machine Design May 2010 Machine Design-Conformable Coating Superchargers Teflon® PTFE Coated Automotive Components Teflon® PTFE Coated Automotive Clamps for High Temp. Applications Coated Clutch/Brake/Ball Component Teflon® PTFE Coated Seat Belt Clips MolyKote® Selectively Coated Piston Teflon® PTFE Coated Automotive Assy. DB L-908 Coated Supercharger and Housing DB Family of Coatings As a Molykote coatings applicator, Orion Industries, prevented stainless steel tubular exhaust fittings from galling and seizing in service. Orionsapplication of special high temperature anti-galling/anti-seizure Molykote coatings applied to the friction or mating surfaces of clamps and components. These Molykote coatings can resist up to 1,200 F. Engineering managers of Chryslers Kenosha engine plant and Dow Corning give credit to Orion Industries for achieving, in record time, the transition from tin plating to Molykote D-10 coating on 9,000 to 9,500 piston skirts a day without a delay in the engine plants just-in-time production system. Automotive safety system components, from seat belt springs, seat belt tension pawls, lock systems, steering column interlock plungers and many other coated automotive parts have been processed by Orion. Functional coatings have advanced the reliability and quality of automotive systems. Orion has multiple production lines plus a vast inventory of automotive coatings to serve thatindustry. Automotive racing parts Orion coats include engine bearings used in NASCAR, valve springs, titanium valve retainers, transmission cases, pivots, shock absorber pistons, and more. Orion also offers a family of conformable coatings for Automotive and Industrial air moving devices. These conformable coatings provide the most intimate tolerences and maximize air moving efficiencies. Orion provides leak-free water pump seal housings by coating the outside of the brass or stainless stamped cup shaped housings with a flexible PTFE compound that seals leaks forever. Plus, Orion developed a dozen colors to differentiate the various sizes and styles of seal housings to assist manufacturing. Noise is not tolerated in the modern automobile. Orion coats special springs with PTFE coatings, high corrosion dry film lubricants and nylon coatings to prevent noise to keep cars squeak-free and warranty free. Contact Orion to discuss our extensive selection of automotive coatings. Click here to view more information on Automotive Conformable Coatings . Teflon is a registered trademark of DuPont and is used under license by Orion Industries, Ltd.  Copyright  2013 Web design by ePageCity, Chicago Designers SiteCatalyst code version: H.15.1.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com 