  Cooper, Twain, Twigs On this day in 1841, James Fenimore Cooper's The Deerslayer was published. This covers the earliest phase of the Leatherstocking saga, wherein the twenty-three-year-old Natty Bumppo must pass his first tests in the wilderness, rise above the worst of paleface and redskin ethics, avoid being burned at the stake, return Chingachgook's beloved Wah-ta!-Wah to him, and tell Judith that his heart belongs to the forest. FULL STORY RECENT STORIES AUTHOR INDEX   Today in Literature is a daily calendarof engaging stories about literary history. Our articles and our daily newsletterare available by Personal Subscription andby Site License .   Subscribers get access to our Archive ,and get the TinLDaily Newsletter  articles, quotations,anniversaries and more  delivered by e-mail each morning. See another sample ,and get a free trial . THE TinL DAILY NEWSLETTER MAKES A GREATGIFT FOR ANY READER ON YOUR HOLIDAY LIST! For more information on our Site License ,go here . More Customer Reviews On this day in 1841, James Fenimore Cooper's The Deerslayer was published. This covers the earliest phase of the Leatherstocking saga, wherein the twenty-three-year-old Natty Bumppo must pass his first tests in the wilderness, rise above the worst of paleface and redskin ethics, avoid being burned at the stake, return Chingachgook's beloved Wah-ta!-Wah to him, and tell Judith that his heart belongs to the forest.FULL STORY RECENT STORIES AUTHOR INDEX Today in Literature is a daily calendar of engaging stories about literary history. Our articles and our daily newsletter-- quotations, anniversaries, literary news and more -- are available by site LICENSE and personal SUBSCRIPTION.Get a site license for your library, school orbusiness. Access to our entire archive and many other benefits for as little as $75 per year.More Information Get our daily or weekly newsletter deliveredforFREE. Or get a premium TinLsubscription -- our archive anddiscounts on many literaryitems -- for just $20/yearMore Information More Customer Reviews  August 27, 2013 Username Password ---------------------- Not a member yet? Register Now! Sample the TinL daily newsletter. A great deal for libraries and schools! Today's Story Recent Stories Author Index About TinL Contact Press  Praise Newsletters Guest Writers Marketplace Advertise with us The TinL masthead features photography by Natasha D'Schommer , and the book art featured is by Jim Rosenau . site by erich design  privacy policy  site map  terms of use  FAQs  comments   