 Skip to main content  Home - Boston Herald - bostonherald.com RSS Subscribe Extras Crossword Lottery  Home News  Opinion Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists Opinion National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Sports Red Sox  MLB Patriots  NFL Celtics  NBA Bruins  NHL College Columnists Revolution  Soccer Golf High School Other Business Business  Markets Real Estate Media  Marketing Technology Healthcare Automotive Entertainment Arts  Culture Movies Television Music Food  Dining Health  Fitness Travel Lifestyle Style  Fashion Books Inside Track Celebrity News The Inside Track Blogs Photos Video Radio Obituaries Features Classifieds Carfind Homefind Jobfind Business Directory Extras Arts  Culture Movies Television Music Food  Dining Health  Fitness Travel Lifestyle Style  Fashion Books Log In | Register  Tuesday, August 27, 2013 - Updated 03:50 PM 74° F Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Follow the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ Listen Live Sports Town Search   You are here Home » Entertainment » Arts  Culture A raunchy Brand of humor A raunchy Brand of humor 063250_19bran1.jpg BRIT WIT: Comedian-actor Russell Brand delivered the laughs at the Wilbur Theatre on Saturday.  1 Monday, April 19, 2010 Print Email By: Jim Sullivan Russell Brand is charming, brash and outrageously bawdy. The longhaired, lean and tight-jeaned British comic took the stage at the Wilbur Theatre Saturday night for a 65-minute set. And Brand, as he is wont, often fired away from the pelvis. He began by riffing on Internet porn and describing his tumble down that rabbit hole. He closed by noting he was open to a threesome later - with two gals. He then hilariously described a one-time disaster with a woman and another man. But there’s plenty of brainpower behind that libido. And Brand has a lot more than sex on his mind. The 34-year-old comic-actor-memoirist was in town with Jonah Hill to promote the movie “Get Him to the Greek.” So, he figured: Why not do a late-night stand-up gig to fill time? (Hill took the stage with Brand briefly. Howie Mandel played a separate early show.) During his sold-out show, Brand scatted from topic to topic like prime-time Robin Williams. He delivered a rapid volley of stinging observations - some self-denigrating, some self-aggrandizing and none popular with Sarah Palin fans. When someone tossed out Palin’s name, Brand didn’t parody her, but spoke angrily of her “encouraging militaristic attitudes that may lead to the destruction of our glorious planet.” “I’ve got to not let my madness govern,” he said at one point. Indeed, Brand is a master of controlled insanity. He riffed on obsessive-compulsive disorder - he suffers from it - and went into a rant about a demented Twitter follower who tweeted his sweet love to Brand’s fiancee, pop singer Katy Perry, and immediately followed up with obscenities to Brand. (Story continues below) Brand mixed ad-libs with set jokes - including a randy jab about “Twilight” that he couldn’t fit in during the MTV Video Music Awards. He knocked the marketing of both Coke (“you’re nothing but brown water and sugar, you’re rotting our guts and you’re rotting our minds”) and Poland Springs water. cw0 Technological overload and rampant consumerism were key issues. Brand sent up our belief that the next purchase - in his case a pair of slick white boots - would bring everlasting happiness. He managed a neat balancing act, being slightly irritating, but ultimately ingratiating. Brand’s brand of comedy has room for childlike wonder and a nod-and-a-wink edge. And he could go all linguistic and philosophical on you in a nanosecond. “Life,” Brand summarized, “is not a postcard of life - ‘Wish you were here.’ Perhaps there never was a here.” RUSSELL BRAND at the Wilbur Theatre, Saturday night. More On: Change at QB does Jets some good Author(s): Jim Sullivan   Join The Conversation View Comments (0) | Add a Comment   Top Stories in Entertainment Sections: Movie News All for One: British  boy band shows private side in documentary By: Stephen Schaefer  NEW YORK — Outside the Four Seasons ­Hotel hundreds of girls swarmed behind metal barr 0 Comments  This spud’s for you: Hot spots cook up fancy fries Franz Ferdinand, Black Joe Lewis do it ‘Right’ Why twerking is already over: A countdown   News  Opinion Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists Opinion National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Sports Red Sox  MLB Patriots  NFL Celtics  NBA Bruins  NHL College Revolution  Soccer Golf Columnists High School Entertainment Arts  Culture Movies Music Food  Dining Health  Fitness Travel Lifestyle Style  Fashion Books Television The Inside Track Celebrity News Business Real Estate Media  Marketing Automotive Business  Markets About The Herald Send a News Tip Contact Us Google+ Twitter Facebook Classifieds Boston Business Directory Carfind Homefind Jobfind Extras Home Delivery Horoscope Lottery Contest Corner Crossword Weather $ave on Boston Herald Home Delivery Jobs with Herald Media For back copy and collectible issue information please call 617-619-6265. Click here for Celtics, Patriots and Red Sox, and Bruins back copies  Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media. No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment  