  Advanced Automotive, Inc. 912 West Evelyn Ave., Sunnyvale, CA 94086 M-F: 8am - 6pm / Sat: 9am - 4pm leo@advanced-automotive.com (408) 737-1055, 737-1087 ADVANCED AUTOMOTIVE, INC. - Auto Repair in Sunnyvale  Browse our site: About Us Company Staff Equipment Directions Services Repair & Maintenance Oil Change Wheel Alignment Engine repairs Transmission repairs Specials Discounts and Specials BMW Owners Lexus Owners Connect with us! VK.Widgets.Like("vk_like", {type: "mini"}); Capable of fixing any car! Our highly trained staff, technical expertise, and state-of-the-art equipment allow us to service foreign and domestic cars, including BMW, Lexus, Toyota, Mercedes, Ford, Mazda, VW, Audi, Porsche, Volvo, Jaguar, Honda, Acura, GM, Chrysler, & Jeep. We do all factory approved maintenance services. Conveniently located in the heart of Silicon Valley, in Sunnyvale, Advanced Auto Repair Center performs all of the services a car may need, excluding body and upholstery work. (These may be done through our facility as a sublet repair.) We provide free estimates by e-mail, fax, or in person. Service recommendations are based on the technical needs of the car, time constraints, and budget considerations of each individual customer. Cars are handled with the level of care and cleanliness expected in this highly technical environment. For the convenience of our customers we provide a no cost ride to work or home, and for major repairs make reservation for low cost car rental. For those who prefer to do the work themselves; we can assist in purchasing quality new or used parts for lower than the average market price. We support recycling programs for oil, anti-freeze, and freon. Awards: "Talk of the Town" award Excellence in Customer Satisfaction: 2012, 2011, 2010 Ratings are calculated based on consumer-review websites and blogs, social networks, business rating services and other award information to determine the top companies across the country. Only businesses with a 4-5 star rating win the "Talk of the Town" Customer Satisfaction Award. "Best of Sunnyvale" award Full Service Auto Repair (including Engine Repair award): 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009 Your feedback is important to us! Please take a few minutes to review our services: Google Business review Yahoo review Yelp review leo@advanced-automotive.com Featured Services BMW Maintenance & Repair BMW Inspection I & II Lexus & Toyota Maintenance & Repair Mercedes Benz Maintenance & Repair Acura Maintenance & Repair Ford Maintenance & Repair Audi Maintenance & Repair Volkswagen Maintenance & Repair Infiniti & Nissan Maintenance & Repair Convenient Location How to find us Sunnyvale Mountin View San Jose Saratoga Campbell Los Altos Milpitas Fremont Los Gatos Palo Alto Home | Company | Staff | Services | Equipment | Location | Specials  1992-2012 Advanced Automotive, Inc. Top automotive repair - servicing Sunnyvale and south Bay Area 