   Callanwolde Calendar of Events Add your email address on the link above to keep up-to-date with Callanwolde's monthly e-Newsletter! Callanwolde Fine Arts Center, 980 Briarcliff Road NE, Atlanta, GA 30306 404-872-5338 The Callanwolde mansion and grounds are open 9:00 am to 10:00 pm weekdays and 9:00 am to 4:00 pm on Saturdays. The mansion is closed on Sundays and holidays unless there is a special event. Admission is free for self-guided touring except during special arts events. For group tours, please call 404-872-5338 to set up a time. Free on-site parking is available in the parking lot at the rear of the arts center property. Callanwolde is accessible to those with disabilities. No pets are allowed on the estate ... please help keep our gardens and grounds clean and green. Parents, please watch over your children to protect their safety at all times by following our rules which prohibit: running in the halls and rooms; playing and sliding on stairways; climbing trees. Callanwolde Calendar of Events 2013 AUGUST 2013 FRIDAY, AUGUST 9; 7:30 pm JAZZ ON THE LAWN  CONCERT SERIES MADOCA AND COMPANY  CONTEMPORARY FUSION JAZZ The Jazz on the Lawn outdoor series showcases a lineup of Atlantas jazz treasures with a mix of classic and contemporary jazz, swing, fusion, Latin and blues. Surrounded by the natural beauty of Callanwoldes grounds its a great way to unwind and enjoy live music performed by some of the finest jazz artists in the Southeast. Composer and jazz keyboard artist Madoca , has performed internationally and headlined many jazz venues in Atlanta. She teams up with The Prince Project to create an expressive, passionate performance  a mix of fusion, Latin and contemporary jazz styles. Bring a blanket and a picnic and enjoy these special concerts under the stars! Tickets: $15 advance purchase online; $20 at the door. Buy tickets online beginning May 1 at www.ticketleap.com . In case of rain, the concert will be moved to Callanwoldes indoor Courtyard. Parking is free and on-site. For more information call 404-872-5338. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Sponsors George Andrew, D.D.S. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Media Sponsor WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 14; 8 pm OPEN MIC POETRY NIGHT Join amateur and professional poets alike as Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with its open mic poetry reading night in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Poets who would like to share their original poetry are welcome. Readings are open to the first ten poets who call and sign up. Beginning July 10, call 404-872-5338 ext. 228. Tickets are sold at the door (cash or check only). $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. TUESDAY, AUGUST 20; 7:00  8:30 pm WELCOME ZOE! INSTRUCTOR MEET AND GREET Zoe Fishman Schacham is the critically acclaimed author of the upcoming Driving Lesson (Morrow, April 14), Saving Ruth (Morrow, May 12) and Balancing Acts (Harper, March 10). She worked in the new York publishing industry for 13 years in the editorial department of Random House, the rights department of Simon  Schuster and later, as an agent for two boutique literary firms before moving to Atlanta in August of 2011 with her family. She will be teaching novel writing classes and workshops at Callanwolde for Fall 2013. Free event. For more information call 404-872-5338 or visit www.callanwolde.org. FRIDAY, AUGUST 23; 8 pm TANGO NIGHT  SUMMER TANGO Join Tango Rio in the Great Hall for a beautiful night of dancing. 8:00 PM  9:15 PM Intro Argentine Tango Lesson, newcomers welcome. 9:15 PM  12:00 AM Tango Dance Party (milonga). Come alone or with a partner, light refreshments. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $15 for the evening, $10 after 9:15. For more information, call 404-872-5338 or visit www.callanwolde.org SEPTEMBER 2013 WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11; 8 pm POETRY READING Join two guest poets, to be announced, as Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with readings in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Tickets are sold at the door (cash or check only). $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 13; 7- 9 pm GALLERY: OPENING NIGHT RECEPTION FORGOTTEN BLACK  WHITE PHOTOGRAPHS BY SKY KIM The exhibit will open on Friday, September 13, with a reception for the artist from 7 to 9 pm, and run through November 8. Admission is free and the public is invited.  Forgotten illustrates another meaning of beauty and attraction. There are places that we pass by, and they don't get much attention because they don't look glamorous. As I pass by, I notice that a place has its own unique, hidden beauty and intriguing personality. I can almost hear it in quiet whisper, asking for attention, wanting to be noticed and loved, says the artist. The gallery is located on the second floor of the main building in the Callanwolde mansion at 980 Briarcliff Road, Atlanta. Viewing hours are from 10 am to 8 pm, Monday through Friday, and 10 am to 3 pm on Saturday. For more information call 404-872-5338. Image right: Still, Digital Archival Pigment Print 8 x 12, by Sky Kim  2011 This exhibit is in conjunction with the annual citywide event, Atlanta Celebrates Photography. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 13; 7 pm FAMILY STORYTELLING: EMERGING VOICES Celebrate the power of storytelling as Callanwolde showcases the Souths best stories, storytellers and storytelling traditions. The September show features the Southern Order of Storytellers' Father Goose Brigade - just the gentlemen telling stories to the young. The Father Goose Brigade includes some of Atlantas renowned storytelling talents Audiences of all ages will enjoy this program. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $3 General Admission, $1 Children. For more information, call 404-872-5338. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 15; 3:00 pm  5:00 pm CALLANWOLDE CONCERT BAND Join us for the fourth concert in the 41st season of the Callanwolde Concert Band with Raymond Handfield, Conductor. Featured works will be announced. The Band, a community organization for forty years, is DeKalb Countys premiere symphonic wind ensemble. Admission is $10. For students, seniors, and Atlanta Artscard and Atlanta Planit members, admission is $5. PBA Advantage members receive two for one admission. Tickets will be sold only at the door  no advance sales. For more information visit www.calcb.org. OCTOBER 2013 WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 9; 8:00 pm POETRY READING Join two guest poets, to be announced, as Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with readings in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338 or visit www.callanwolde.org FRIDAY, OCTOBER 18; 7:00 pm EMERGING VOICES FAMILY STORYTELLING: SPOOKY STORIES Celebrate the power of storytelling as Callanwolde showcases the Atlanta area's best stories, storytellers and storytelling traditions. Audiences will enjoy a diverse group of professional and student storytellers as they entertain audiences with tales for all ages. October features Spooky Stories with Georgia Youth Storytellers and Emerging Voices. Children are welcome to wear costumes for a parade and contest, and festive snacks will be served. This event will be held in the Retreat at Callanwolde. $3 General Admission, $1 Children. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. For more information, call (404) 872-5338 or visit www.callanwolde.org. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 25; 8:00 pm COSTUME TANGO NIGHT with TANGO-RIO! What better place to Masquerade than the Callanwolde Mansion!! 8:00 pm introductory lesson from the expert instructors of Tango Rio. 9:15 pm until the witching hour TANGO DANCE PARTY (milonga). Come solo or with a partner. Masquerade optional. If it's not your thing to wear a costume, come be amused by those who have. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $15 for the evening, $10 after 9:15 includes light refreshments. For more information, call 404-872-5338 or visit www.callanwolde.org More 2013 events to come soon... Click here to view the Christmas at Callanwolde 2012 photo album CHRISTMAS AT CALLANWOLDE 2012 PHOTOS Archives - Callanwolde Calendar of Events 2013 JANUARY 2013 WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 9; 8 pm OPEN MIC POETRY NIGHT Join amateur and professional poets alike as Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with its open mic poetry reading night in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Poets who would like to share their original poetry are welcome. Readings are open to the first ten poets who call and sign up beginning Dec. 10: 404-872-5338 ext. 228. Tickets are sold at the door. $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. FRIDAY, JANUARY 11; 8 pm TANGO NIGHT  WINTER TANGO! Learn about the rhythm and movement of authentic Argentine Tango! Focus on connecting with the music and your partner and learn how two bodies can move as one. Dancers of all skill levels are welcome and no partner is necessary. The evening begins at 8:00 pm with an introductory lesson from the expert instructors of Tango Rio (www.tango-rio.com). After the introductory lesson, you will be ready to try out your new moves with an open tango dance party beginning at 9:15 pm. Tickets are sold at the door. $15 Lesson  Party/$10 Party Only. Soft drinks and light snacks will be provided. For more information, call 404-872-5338. FRIDAY, JANUARY 18; 8 pm THE PRESTIGE CONCERT Callanwolde presents The Prestige, a neo-classical trio of rock musicians performing in the classical style. Journey back in time through music, culture and style as the historic Callanwolde mansion comes alive with the sounds of classical guitar, piano, violin and voice. Tickets: $15 online; $20 at the door (cash only). Tickets may be purchased online at TicketLeap.com . For more information call 404-872-5338. FEBRUARY 2013 FRIDAY  SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1  2 at 8 pm SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 3 at 3 pm SECRET: AN ORIGINAL DANCE PIECE FOR CALLANWOLDE CORE and Callanwolde Fine Arts Center present Secret, an intimate evening of contemporary dance featuring CORE Performance Company, with music performed by Bent Frequency. Secret premieres original choreography by CORE Artistic Director Sue Schroeder and nationally recognized guest artist Becky Valls, created specifically for Callanwolde. Explore and experience the grand spirit of Callanwolde through these unique dances that move us through the mansion. Tickets: General Admission $15; Students/Artists/Seniors are $10. Visit COREdance.org for tickets and information, or call 404-373-4154. CORE is a professional dance organization that creates, performs, and presents contemporary dance. Founded in 1980, CORE calls the Decatur Square home. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 10; 1 pm CALLANWOLDE DANCE ENSEMBLE FAIRY TALE TEA Fairy tales come to life at the Callanwolde Mansion! Please join us for a delightful afternoon of delicious treats and music while visiting with Cinderella, Puss in Boots, Rapunzel, and many other characters from beloved storybooks! This is a wonderful opportunity for a father-daughter(s) or grandparents outing. Tickets are $25 per person by advance reservation only. Purchase your tickets online at Ticketleap.com WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 13; 8 pm OPEN MIC POETRY NIGHT Join amateur and professional poets alike as Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with its open mic poetry reading night in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Poets who would like to share their original poetry are welcome. Readings are open to the first ten poets who call and sign up: 404-872-5338 ext. 228. Tickets are sold at the door. $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. Tickets are sold at the door. $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15; 7 pm FAMILY STORYTELLING: EMERGING VOICES KUUMBA STORYTELLERS OF GEORGIA Black History Month will feature stories from historical African and African-American traditions. This spirited show includes dynamic performers from the Kuumba Storytellers of Georgia . (photo right: Chetter Galloway) Audiences of all ages will enjoy this evening. This event will be held in the Indoor Courtyard of the Callanwolde Mansion. Tickets are sold at the door. $3 General Admission, $1 Children. For more information, call 404-872-5338. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20; 6:30pm ART EXPLORERS OF CALLANWOLDE OPEN HOUSE Are you a teen or young adult thinking about a career in art? Exploring , created by the Boy Scouts of America, is a unique career exploration program for young men and women between the ages of 14 and 20. Art Explorers of Callanwolde will engage students interested in pursuing art as an academic field of study or as a career. Through Art Explorers of Callanwolde , you will do hands-on studio projects, see presentations by professional artists, and experience unique art-related field trips. You will learn about the requirements for a college education in art and receive tangible advice on steps you can take to position yourself for a successful career in art. Find out more at our free Open House. RSVP to Christina Bray, Outreach Coordinator, at (404) 872-5338 ext. 238 or cbray@callanwolde.org . MARCH 2013 FRIDAY, MARCH 1; 8 pm TANGO NIGHT  SPRING TANGO Learn about the rhythm and movement of authentic Argentine Tango! Focus on connecting with the music and your partner and how two bodies can move as one. Dancers of all skill levels are welcome and no partner is necessary. The evening begins at 8:00 pm with an introductory lesson from the expert instructors of Tango Rio ( www.tango-rio.com ). After the introductory lesson, you will be ready to try out your new moves with an open tango dance party beginning at 9:15 pm. Tickets are sold at the door. $15 Lesson  Party/$10 Party Only. Soft drinks and light snacks will be provided. For more information, call 404-872-5338. SUNDAY, MARCH 10; 1 - 2 PM GUIDED TOUR OF THE CALLANWOLDE ESTATE THE PHOENIX FLIES Callanwolde Fine Arts Center invites the community for a guided tour of the magnificent Gothic-Tudor-style mansion built in 1920 by Charles Howard Candler, eldest son of Coca-Cola founder Asa G. Candler. An architectural landmark in the Druid Hills neighborhood of Atlanta, Callanwolde is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and reflects the style, charm and dignity of a historic era. Callanwolde joins the Atlanta Preservation Center for this annual celebration of historic places, The Phoenix Flies: A City-Wide Celebration of Living Landmarks 10th Anniversary (March 9  March 24, 2013). The Phoenix Flies provides free access to more than 150 events at historic sites integral to Atlantas rich heritage. For more information visit www.phoenixflies.org or call 404-688-3353. The tour and parking are free at Callanwolde, 980 Briarcliff Road NE, Atlanta 30306. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13; 8 pm POETRY READING Join guest poets Rebecca Baggett (l) and Diana Pinckney (r) who will read in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Both poets have been Grand Prize Winners of Atlanta Review's annual International Poetry Competition. Rebecca Baggett of Athens, Georgia is the author of four books of poetry: Thalassa (Finishing Line Press, 2011), God Puts On the Body of a Deer, winner of the Main Street Rag competition in 2010, and Still Life with Children and Greatest Hits , both from Pudding House Press. Diana Pinckney's poetry books include Fishing with Tall Women (Persephone Press Book Award, 1996), White Linen (Nightshade Press, 1998), Alchemy (Main Street Rag, 2004), and Green Daughters (Lorimer Press, 2011). She lives in Charlotte, North Carolina. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. FRIDAY, MARCH 15; 7 pm FAMILY STORYTELLING: EMERGING VOICES Celebrate the power of storytelling as Callanwolde showcases the Souths best stories, storytellers and storytelling traditions. The show features the Charles R. Drew Charter School Performers and multi-county youth storytellers who will entertain audiences with their unique stories and folktales. Audiences of all ages will enjoy this evening. Tickets are sold at the door. $3 General Admission, $1 Children. The event will be held in the Sam Goldman Retreat at Callanwolde. For more information call (404) 872-5338. SUNDAY, MARCH 24; 3:00 pm CALLANWOLDE CONCERT BAND SPRING CONCERT Join us for the 40th season of the Callanwolde Concert Band with Raymond Handfield, Conductor, featuring Scenes from the Louvre  music by French composers. The Band, a community organization for forty years, is DeKalb Countys premiere symphonic wind ensemble. Admission is $10. For students, seniors, and Atlanta Artscard and Atlanta Planit members, admission is $5. PBA Advantage members receive two for one admission. Tickets will be sold only at the door  no advance sales. For more information visit www.calcb.org SATURDAY, MARCH 30; 10 am  12 noon EASTER EGG HUNT: EGGSTRAVAGANZA Eggstravaganza hops into Callanwolde! A family favorite for years, Callanwoldes Easter egg hunt features thousands of candy-filled eggs to find, Atlanta Braves games  prizes, and a chance to meet the Easter Bunny. There will be homemade baked goods for sale and spring-themed arts and crafts for kids. Bring your Easter basket and your camera for a fun, family day set in Callanwoldes beautiful spring gardens and grounds. Egg hunts will be set up for three age groups:  11:15 am - Newborns to Age 3  11:30 am - Ages 4, 5 and 6  11:45 am - Ages 7 and up Tickets may sell out. Buy tickets in advance online at Ticketleap . All proceeds benefit the Callanwolde Dance Program. Adults free Children 12 and under, $10 advance purchase online Children 12 and under, $14 cash only, at the door In case of rain the event will be cancelled. Arrive early for parking ($5 per car) and shuttle bus service beginning at 9:30 am at the Emory University Briarcliff Campus, 1256 Briarcliff Road, just one-half mile north of Callanwolde. No onsite parking available. For more information, please call 404-872-5338. APRIL 2013 FRIDAY, APRIL 5; 7 to 9 pm GALLERY: OPENING NIGHT RECEPTION EXAMINING THE OVERLOOKED WORKS BY JAYNIE CRIMMINS The exhibit will open on Friday, April 5, with a reception for the artist from 7 to 9 pm, and run through May 24. Admission is free and the public is invited. Examining the Overlooked honors our daily preoccupations and the tasks traditionally associated with women's work, while investigating the inherent meaning in mundane household papers. The gallery is located on the second floor of the main building in the Callanwolde mansion at 980 Briarcliff Road, Atlanta. Viewing hours are from 10 am to 8 pm, Monday through Friday, and 10 am to 3 pm on Saturday. For more information call 404-872-5338. Image: Terra Incognita 2 , by Jaynie Crimmins (shredded household papers, thread on board) WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10; 8 pm POETRY READING THE SOUTHERN POETRY ANTHOLOGY Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with readings in the unique setting of the Library. William Wright, editor of The Southern Poetry Anthology, Volume 5: Georgia , published by Texas Review Press in 2013, will host a reading by approximately 20 Atlanta poets whose work is included in the anthology. The poets reading at the event will include Diana Anhalt, Margaret Blake, Jo Brachman, Jesse Breite, Michael Diebert, Ethan Fogus, Alice Friman, Karen Holmes, Mike James, Christopher Jelley, Collin Kelley, Kathleen Lewis, Christopher Martin, Patricia Percival, Rosemary Royston, Leon Stokesbury, Alice Teeter, Memye Curtis Tucker, Dan Veach, William Walsh and William Wright. Copies of the Georgia volume will be on sale at the reading. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. FRIDAY, APRIL 12; 7 pm FAMILY STORYTELLING: EMERGING VOICES FAMILY NIGHT Callanwolde showcases the Souths best stories, storytellers and storytelling traditions. The April show features the Southern Order of Storytellers (SOS) Family Night at Callanwolde with some of the best tellers from around the city. Coordinated by LaDoris Bias-Davis, Anne Wallace and Esther Culver. Audiences of all ages will enjoy this evening. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $3 General Admission, $1 Children. The event will be held in the Retreat at Callanwolde. For more information call (404) 872-5338. FRIDAY, SATURDAY  SUNDAY; APRIL 12 - 14 APRIL12: PREVIEW RECEPTION 7:00-9:30 pm APRIL 13 AND 14: 10 am to 5 pm SPRING POTTERY SALE Callanwolde will hold its annual Spring Pottery Sale, which will take place in the beautiful Conservatory. Find functional, decorative and sculptural one-of-a-kind ceramic works created by Callanwoldes renowned pottery program instructors and assistants. For more information call 404-874-9351. FRIDAY, APRIL 12; 8 pm TANGO NIGHT  AZALEA TANGO Learn about the rhythm and movement of authentic Argentine Tango! Focus on connecting with the music and your partner and how two bodies can move as one. Dancers of all skill levels are welcome and no partner is necessary. The evening begins at 8:00 pm with an introductory lesson from the expert instructors of Tango Rio ( www.tango-rio.com ). After the introductory lesson, you will be ready to try out your new moves with an open tango dance party beginning at 9:15 pm. Tickets are sold at the door (cash or check only). $15 Lesson  Party/$10 Party Only. Soft drinks and light snacks will be provided. For more information, call 404-872-5338. SATURDAY, APRIL 20; 2 pm and 7 pm CALLANWOLDE DANCE ENSEMBLE SPRING SHOW 2013 Follow the mischievous pigtail girl and all of the charming characters in our production of Senior Ball after David Lichine's original Graduation Ball. Enjoy the showcase of 5 new choreographic works by Tara Shepard Meyers, Mary Grace Philips, Jennilee Garcia Green and Miriam Oropeza Ramos. The two performances will be held in the Decatur High School Performing Arts Center. Tickets: $15. Buy tickets online at TicketLeap.com MAY 2013 WEDNESDAY, MAY 8; 8:00 pm POETRY READING Join guest poets Jenny Sadre-Orafai (l) and Eileen Stratidakis (r) with readings in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Jenny Sadre-Orafai , founding editor of Josephine Quarterly and author of four poetry chapbooks, has published poems in RHINO, Gargoyle, Jet Fuel Review and elsewhere. Eileen Stratidakis ' poetry has appeared in over 75 publications, including Partisan Review, Slant, Sycamore Review, Atlanta Magazine and South Carolina Review. Tickets are sold at the door, cash or check only. $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. WEDNESDAY, MAY 29; 7 pm SO, YOU WANT TO BE A WRITER? WINE RECEPTION  BOOK TALK w/ JOHN DeDAKIS So, you want to be a writer? Then youll enjoy Callanwoldes book talk and wine  cheese reception from 7 to 9 pm on May 29. Youll meet Callanwoldes Writer-In-Residence, John DeDakis, a successful writer, teacher and speaker, who will present a book reading and signing, as well as conversation about his own experiences as a journalist and novelist. John is a former Senior Copy Editor on CNNs The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer. He has published two best-selling mystery-suspense novels, Fast Track and Bluff, and during his award-winning 45-year career in journalism, he has been a White House Correspondent and interviewed luminaries such as Alfred Hitchcock, Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. Fast Track is the story of a young womans search for purpose as she solves the mystery surrounding the car-train collision which orphaned her as an infant. The novel deals redemptively with issues of suicide, journalistic integrity, anonymous sources, and mentoring relationships. His second novel, Bluff, a sequel to Fast Track, is based on his four-day, 25-mile hike along the Inca Trail to Machu Picchu in Peru. John is currently teaching Creative Writing Fiction Classes and Private Writing Sessions at Callanwolde. Teaching at Callanwolde this spring has been an inspiring experience. The place attracts and exudes creativity, says John. The complimentary reception will be held in the historic Callanwolde Library. June 2013 FRIDAY JUNE 7; 7 TO 9 pm GALLERY: OPENING NIGHT RECEPTION NATURE: Four ways PHOTOGRAPHS BY RONALD NUSE The exhibit will open on Friday, June 7, with a reception for the artist from 7 to 9 pm, and run through August 30. Admission is free and the public is invited. These images of nature draw from four past and present photographic series by Ron Nuse. The Falling Shadows series explores the hidden mystery of nature. At first glance, the images seem to be traditional landscapes but at second glance they hint at another dimension of nature not usually seen. The Street Art series explores how art displayed in public places interacts with its environment, including urban nature. The Bamboo Pentaptych series shows bamboo images in five related panels. The Four Directions series shows nature using the visual language of surrealism. The gallery is located on the second floor of the main building in the Callanwolde mansion at 980 Briarcliff Road, Atlanta. Viewing hours are from 10 am to 8 pm, Monday through Friday, and 10 am to 3 pm on Saturday. For more information call 404-872-5338. Image right: Painted Birds and Shadows Ronald Nuse,  2012 TUESDAY, JUNE 11; 7 pm MILTON GRANGER ONE-ACT OPERAS: BENEDICTA; ANGRY BIRDSONG;  THE PROPOSAL The Georgia State University Harrower Summer Opera Workshop presents Milton Granger one-act operas in the outdoor amphitheatre of Callanwolde Fine Arts Center. W. Dwight Coleman, stage director and Christy Lee, music director. Benedicta , a serious one-act opera based on a short story by Sarah Braunstein, is set in an assisted living facility. Angry Birdsong , a comic opera, is set in the office of Made to Persuade, where Dulcine, a shy agronomy technology researcher, is seeking advice on how to excite her audience in an upcoming presentation describing her company's new soybean varieties. The Proposal , also a comic opera, is set in the mind of Herself, an attractive business woman struggling with how to answer a marriage proposal. She calls a meeting of the board, consisting of five of her alter egos: Five-Year-Old, Security Officer, Sensuous Woman, Statue of Liberty and Mother Teresa, to get their advice. The operas are most appropriate for audiences aged 12 and older. The event will be held in the Outdoor Amphitheatre at Callanwolde Fine Arts Center, 980 Briarcliff Rd NE, Atlanta, GA 30306. In case of rain the event will be moved to the Indoor Courtyard of the mansion. Tickets: $15 general admission, $10 students with ID. Tickets available at the door, cash and check only. Contact: 404-413-5901 or www.music.gsu.edu WEDNESDAY, JUNE 12; 8 pm OPEN MIC POETRY NIGHT Join amateur and professional poets alike as Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with its open mic poetry reading night in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Poets who would like to share their original poetry are welcome. Readings are open to the first ten poets who call and sign up. Beginning May 8, call 404-872-5338 ext. 228. Tickets are sold at the door (cash or check only). $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. FRIDAY, JUNE 14; 7:30 pm JAZZ ON THE LAWN  CONCERT SERIES IKE STUBBLEFIELD  FRIENDS  SOULFUL RB JAZZ The Jazz on the Lawn outdoor series showcases a lineup of Atlantas jazz treasures with a mix of classic and contemporary jazz, swing, fusion, Latin and blues. Surrounded by the natural beauty of Callanwoldes grounds its a great way to join friends, unwind and enjoy live music performed by some of the finest jazz artists in the Southeast. Callanwolde opens its 2013 series with Ike Stubblefield and Friends . B3 organ virtuoso Ike Stubblefield is a music industry legend with almost 50 years in the business. Stubblefields craft and ingenuity on the keys helped create the classic B3 sound that others would imitate for generations to come. Bring a blanket and a picnic and enjoy these special concerts under the stars! Tickets: $15 advance purchase online; $20 at the door. Buy tickets online beginning May 1 at www.ticketleap.com . In case of rain, the concert will be moved to Callanwoldes indoor Courtyard. Parking is free and on-site. For more information call 404-872-5338. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Sponsor Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Media Sponsor FRIDAY, JUNE 28; 7:30 pm JAZZ ON THE LAWN  CONCERT SERIES SERENATA BAND  LATIN JAZZ, SAMBA  SALSA The Jazz on the Lawn outdoor series showcases a lineup of Atlantas jazz treasures with a mix of classic and contemporary jazz, swing, fusion, Latin and blues. Surrounded by the natural beauty of Callanwoldes grounds its a great way to unwind and enjoy live music performed by some of the finest jazz artists in the Southeast. Atlantas highly acclaimed Latin band Serenata creates an unforgettable, international sound experience. Luis Cordero leads a 7-piece band that plays an energized evening of Latin jazz, samba, salsa and other creative styles with sax, flute, congas, bongos and timbales that will have you dancing on the lawn. Bring a blanket and a picnic and enjoy these special concerts under the stars! Tickets: $15 advance purchase online; $20 at the door. Buy tickets online beginning May 1 at www.ticketleap.com . In case of rain, the concert will be moved to Callanwoldes indoor Courtyard. Parking is free and on-site. For more information call 404-872-5338. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Sponsor Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Media Sponsor JULY 2013 WEDNESDAY, JULY 10; 8 pm OPEN MIC POETRY NIGHT Join amateur and professional poets alike as Callanwolde celebrates the art and performance of poetry with its open mic poetry reading night in the unique setting of the Callanwolde Library. Poets who would like to share their original poetry are welcome. Readings are open to the first ten poets who call and sign up. Beginning June 12, call 404-872-5338 ext. 228. Tickets are sold at the door (cash or check only). $5 General Admission, $3 Students with ID, Seniors, and Members. For more information call 404-872-5338. FRIDAY, JULY 12; 7:30 pm JAZZ ON THE LAWN  CONCERT SERIES SCOTT GLAZER'S MOJO DOJO - JAZZ, BLUES  SOUTHERN SOUL The Jazz on the Lawn outdoor series showcases a lineup of Atlantas jazz treasures with a mix of classic and contemporary jazz, swing, fusion, Latin and blues. Surrounded by the natural beauty of Callanwoldes grounds its a great way to unwind and enjoy live music performed by some of the finest jazz artists in the Southeast. Mojo Dojo performs quality jazz, blues and southern soul across the south and internationally. As bassist and featured vocalist, Scott Glazer leads some of Atlanta's top veterans and young bloods in a lineup of sax, trumpet, piano, drums and guitar. Their repertoire ranges from the Great American Songbook to fresh takes on the music of the Allman Brothers and Otis Redding. Bring a blanket and a picnic and enjoy these special concerts under the stars! Tickets: $15 advance purchase online; $20 at the door. Buy tickets online beginning May 1 at www.ticketleap.com . In case of rain, the concert will be moved to Callanwoldes indoor Courtyard. Parking is free and on-site. For more information call 404-872-5338. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Sponsor George Andrew, D.D.S. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Media Sponsor FRIDAY, JULY 26; 7:30 pm JAZZ ON THE LAWN  CONCERT SERIES TED HOWE TRIO WITH VOCALIST KARLA HARRIS SHAKEN NOT STIRRED  THE MUSIC OF JAMES BOND The Jazz on the Lawn outdoor series showcases a lineup of Atlantas jazz treasures with a mix of classic and contemporary jazz, swing, fusion, Latin and blues. Surrounded by the natural beauty of Callanwoldes grounds its a great way to unwind and enjoy live music performed by some of the finest jazz artists in the Southeast. Shaken Not Stirred reinvents the beloved music from the James Bond legacy. Ted Howe's arrangements and Karla Harris ' vivid vocals will skyrocket you through decades with 007 classics. Howe's accomplishments in many roles as performer, arranger, composer and his powerful touch on the piano have led him to work with luminaries such as Herbie Mann, Henry Mancini, Lainie Kazan, Buddy Rich and more. Bring a blanket and a picnic and enjoy these special concerts under the stars! Tickets: $15 advance purchase online; $20 at the door. Buy tickets online beginning May 1 at www.ticketleap.com . In case of rain, the concert will be moved to Callanwoldes indoor Courtyard. Parking is free and on-site. For more information call 404-872-5338. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Sponsor George Andrew, D.D.S. Thanks to our Jazz on the Lawn Media Sponsor Click Here for Callanwolde 2012 Event Archives Callanwolde Fine Arts Center is a nonprofit organization. All proceeds from events go to the general operation of the center and for the development of future cultural programming. All programs and events will take place at Callanwolde Fine Arts Center and tickets will be sold at the door unless otherwise noted. Free on-site parking is available in the parking lot at the rear of the arts center property. Callanwolde Fine Arts Center, 980 Briarcliff Road NE, Atlanta, GA 30306  404-872-5338 Supporting Arts Partners There are a number of arts groups that perform regularly at Callanwolde. These arts partners are separate organizations that share in Callanwolde's mission to bring quality, diverse and affordable arts education and programming to the greater Atlanta community. We invite you to visit their web sites and support these organizations. Click here for more information. Find local events and ticket discounts at www.atlantaplanit.com and register for a free membership. Callanwolde Fine Arts Center is a participant of Atlanta Art Lives Here , a collaborative campaign which is designed to engage Metro Atlantans with the thriving arts community. 