 Navigate / search Follow Us! | Employee Webmail Login | (812) 479-5300 | Employee Webmail Login | (812) 479-5300   Search Inventory New Vehicles Buick Cadillac GMC Subaru Pre-Owned Test Drive Service Department Schedule Service Transmissions Special Offers Fleet Services Financing Media News  Events Videos About Us Company Info Customer Reviews Management Team Sales Team Sponsorship Request Careers Employment Opportunities Benefits Contact Search Inventory New Vehicles Buick Cadillac GMC Subaru Pre-Owned Test Drive Service Department Schedule Service Transmissions Special Offers Fleet Services Financing Media News  Events Videos About Us Company Info Customer Reviews Management Team Sales Team Sponsorship Request Careers Employment Opportunities Benefits Contact About Us At Romain Cross Pointe Auto Park we put the focus on you—the CUSTOMER! Since 1964, the Romain Automotive Group has experienced continuous growth throughout its years of business. Dedicated to selling, leasing, and servicing new and used vehicles in a retail setting, the group owns and operates an expanding automobile network in Indiana. Since its inception, Romain Cross Pointe Auto Park has strived to deliver to each customer a unique dealership experience. The dealership’s pursuit of quality customer service is paramount and comes from our commitment to ongoing company and vehicle manufacturer training. Romain Cross Pointe continues the tradition of finding the right transportation solution for each customer. The Romain Cross Pointe Auto Park dealership represents the Buick, GMC, Cadillac, and Subaru new vehicle brands. Plus, offers to customers a quality selection of the most in-demand pre-owned cars, trucks, and SUVs at market competitive prices. At Romain Cross Pointe, our huge pre-owned inventory includes a variety of makes and models: Chevrolet, Ford, Chrysler, Dodge, GM, Toyota, Honda, cars, trucks, SUVs, vans, and sports cars. We have them ALL! Our new vehicle inventory offers a host of highly sought after vehicles in the Cadillac, Buick, GMC, and Subaru lines. The Buick inventory includes the Enclave Luxury Crossover, Lucerne, LaCrosse, and Regal. The GMC line-up includes the Terrain, Acadia, Canyon, Yukon, Yukon Denali, Envoy, Envoy Denali, Sierra, and Sierra Passenger and Cargo Vans. The elegant Cadillac brand includes the CTS, DTS, STS, Escalade, SRX Crossover, and some models are available in Cadillac’s exclusive “V” performance series. The Subaru AWD line-up includes the Subaru Forester, Subaru Outback, Subaru Legacy, Subaru Impreza, Subaru Impreza WRX  STI, and the Subaru Tribeca SUV. We have the inventory. Let us help find the right transportation solution for YOU! Romain Automotive Group is a multiple-year recipient of national automotive certifications, such as the Subaru Stellar Performer Program, GM Mark of Excellence, and GM Standards for Excellence.  Additionally, dealership management is actively involved with many local, regional, and national automotive organizations. Tweet “Our No Sales Commission team makes your vehicle buying experience stress-free and helps to get you the best deal. They stand prepared to answer your automotive questions and give you the time to explain your automotive options.” Michael Mintline General Manager  Inventory Search New Buick Search New GMC Search New Cadillac Search New Subaru Pre-Owned Vehicles Recent News August Blowout Romain After Tournament Sales Event Romain to Lead 2013 Higher Education Capital Campaign Romain Value Promise Contact Romain 7600 East Division Street Evansville, Indiana 47715 Phone: (812) 479-5300 Email Us  Copyright 2013 Romain Cross Pointe Auto Park Website Design by Kitch & Schreiber Advertising Agency | SEO  