 MyBGSU Email Search Directory Academics Admissions The Arts Athletics Library A to Z Links Bowling Green State University College of Musical Arts Regional Arts Resources Art Galleries/Museums Hudson Gallery “A full spectrum gallery featuring contemporary paintings, original prints, glass, sculpture and photography by emerging and mid career artists. Located in Sylvania, Ohio, [they] offer changing exhibitions of leading local, national and international artists working various media.” Toledo Museum of Art Arts Venues Archbold Community Theatre “The Community Theatre has been a non-profit Archbold institution for two decades and is known for presenting high quality plays to this region.” Collingwood Arts Center The CAC seeks to “provide the people and arts community of greater Toledo a unique space wherein creativity, diversity, and artistic expression is fostered and nourished.” Fort Findlay Playhouse “The playhouse is a non-profit organization that has been showcasing local talent, and providing the area with high quality entertainment for the past 50 years. It features six shows annually, running from July through May.” Metroparks, Toledo Area—Scheduled Programs “The Metropolitan Park District of the Toledo Area is dedicated to providing a regional system of premier natural, historical and cultural public parklands maintained and operated to the highest professional standards to enhance our quality of life and inspire preservation efforts in this and future generations.” Ritz Theater, Tiffin OH “Live theatre provides young people with a sense of community by giving them a shared, live creative experience. These performances elicit contemplative thought, sustained discourse and deep-felt emotion. Our audiences are presented with a microcosm of the world, featuring characters whose dilemmas mirror their own.”—The Discovery Series Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center—Upcoming Events A center to “promote an understanding of the nineteenth President, the Gilded Age, and leadership. Refocused identity of the house, museum, library and historic grounds, keeping always in mind President Hayes and his contribution to American life.” Stranahan Theater  Great Hall, Toledo OH Toledo Botanical Garden “As a living laboratory the shapes, textures and smells of Toledo Botanical Garden create a dynamic opportunity for multi-sensory learning. Each program begins with an informational session that students build on through hands-on activities and group investigation. Toledo Botanical Garden offers three dynamic programs providing opportunities for individual exploration and discovery.” Toledo Repertoire Theatre “The community theatre group offers programs designed for young people, summer camps, and various productions.” Toledo’s Sea Gate Convention Centre Valentine Theatre “The Valentine Theatre, operated by the Toledo Cultural Arts Center, Inc., has its own presentation series, as well as housing presentations by various community groups including the Toledo Symphony, Toledo Opera, Toledo Ballet, Toledo Jazz Society, and Masterworks Chorale.” Van Wert Civic Theatre. A volunteer-based community theatre located in Van Wert, Ohio. Veteran’s Memorial Civic  Convention Center of Lima/Allen County The Veterans Memorial Civic  Convention Center includes Crouse Performance Hall and Allen County Memorial Hall, two settings for a host of arts  entertainment events. Village Players Theatre “The mission of this non-profit community theatre is to provide and support a variety of opportunities, both educational and practical, which enhance and demonstrate, through community outreach, the various aspects of quality theatre arts.” Ballet Companies Ballet Theatre of Toledo “A Ohio not-for-profit arts organization formed to provide an opportunity for area students to study ballet and perform their art for audiences in Northwest Ohio, Southeast Michigan, and Northeast Indiana. Kindergarten through Adult classes are now forming and new students are always welcome.” Toledo Ballet Community/Arts Councils Amil Tellers of Dramatics A community theatre group residing in the Encore Theatre of Lima, Ohio. Arts Council Lake Erie West “A regional not-for-profit community arts agency serving communities of Northwest Ohio and Southeast Michigan known as Lake Erie West. Offers the 24 County Lake Erie West Region a wide array of classes in the arts: Visual Arts, Performing Arts and Literary Arts.” Arts Lenawee “The AL exists to build partnerships within [the] communities to cultivate awareness and participation in arts and culture that enriches lives. It provides coordination of events, expanded market research, marketing synergy, coordinating facilities, networking, economic impact, and educational values for the Lenawee County area.” Artspace/Lima “Artspace/Lima is a non-profit organization dedicated to providing visual arts to the West Central Ohio region including: Allen, Auglaize, Darke, Hancock, Hardin, Logan, Mercer, Putnam, Shelby  Van Wert counties.” Arts Partnership of Greater Hancock County “[Their mission is] to provide, encourage and promote quality arts presentations, educational opportunities and entertainment.” Black Swamp Old Time Music Festival “A family-oriented festival that features old-time music (fiddles, banjos, guitars, string bands, dulcimers, vocal traditions, etc.), dancing (flatfoot/clogging workshops, contra and square dancing), vendors, and children’s activities. The festival site is an arts, history, and nature center.” Children’s Theater Workshop, Toledo OH “CTW offers a number of special programs in live theater for Toledo and area youth from 5 to 18 years old. The program teaches theatrical techniques through an informal, classroom-based structure, and promotes self-expression and teamwork.” Convention and Visitors Bureau, Lima/Allen County—Arts and Entertainment The Convention and Visitors Bureau are committed to “generat[ing] new dollars for Lima/Allen County by promoting the hospitality industry: area wide accommodations, meeting facilities, the Civic and Convention Center, restaurants, places of interest, attractions, as well as other community assets.” Eastern Maumee Bay Arts Council—Upcoming Events “EMBAC is a not-for profit group that seeks to expand awareness of the Arts in the tri-county corners area of Lucas, Ottawa, and Wood counties, in rural northwestern Ohio. The Council works to provide exposure for local visual and performing artists, and create more work opportunities for our members, and the community at large.” Fostoria Community Arts Council—Calendar of Events “The FCAC is a part of the Ohio Arts Council, dedicated to enriching the community through the coordination and promotion of the Arts.” Perrysburg Area Arts Council—Education Opportunities “The PAAC offers and facilitates arts events, offers programs in the schools and occasionally sponsors guest artists.” Put-in-Bay Chamber of Commerce—Calendar of Events Includes a list of information about their 159 member businesses, including their contact info and links to their websites. Sandusky Concert Association—Upcoming Events The Arts Commission of Greater Toledo “The ACGT is committed to fostering broad access to the visual, literary, and performing arts to positively affect and enrich lives throughout Northwest Ohio. It offers resources, programs, and services to the community that preserves the arts’ role in education, business development, and cultural tourism. The organization celebrates expression through the arts, artistic quality, and cultural diversity to encourage growth and relationships throughout the community.” Compilation Web sites Arts in Ohio ArtsinOhio.com features links to arts and entertainment events statewide, making it easy for you to discover and enjoy the arts throughout the Buckeye State. Curtain Rising—Theatre Links Do Toledo—Arts and Entertainment Ohio Arts Council Toledo Arts Web site Elementary/Secondary Arts Instruction Perrysburg School of Music “For preschool age children through adults, beginner through advanced, the school provides group and private instruction in piano, as well as lessons in voice, guitar, violin, viola, flute, and harp.” Toledo School for the Arts The calendar of events for a community public school that “…offers classes in dance, music, theater and visual arts in addition to core academic subjects. The TSA provides traditional education in a non-traditional environment—students are given opportunities to work with professional artists to expand their art experiences and knowledge.” Jazz Organizations Murphy’s Place “You’ll hear jazz at its best six nights a week, featuring The Murphys combo, along with guest vocalists and instrumentalists, top recording artists on tour, plus Murphy’s Place Orchestra monthly.” Toledo Jazz Society “The TJS strives to preserve and increase appreciation for America’s unique music form—Jazz. [They] accomplish [their] goals by going into classrooms to introduce children to the excitement and beauty of jazz and by sponsoring live performances.” Opera Toledo Opera Symphonies Adrian Symphony Orchestra Lima Symphony Toledo Symphony Universities Adrian College—Calendar of Events for the Theatre Department Adrian College—Art Gallery Adrian College Music Department—Calendar of Events Bluffton College—Arts and Culture Defiance College—Schomburg Series “The Schomburg Series provides a variety of culturally enriching programming throughout the year to residents of the Defiance area.” Heidelberg College Department of Music Lourdes College—Information page, including upcoming events, for the Franciscan Theater and Conference Center Monroe County Community College—Literary Magazine, Images “Images is an annual publication of poetry, prose, and art. Faculty members of the Humanities/Social Sciences Division edit the magazine. Although most of the work chosen for publication comes from the art classes and our creative writing course, this magazine welcomes submissions from all students and staff members. The deadline for submissions to Images is usually in early May. Posters announcing the art and writing categories as well as other information are prominently displayed around campus.” Owens Community College—Center for the Fine and Performing Arts Terra Community College—Calendar of Events for the Music Department University of Findlay—Arts Events Calendar University of Toledo—College of Arts and Sciences Home Dean's Welcome Mission Fast Facts Virtual Tour Facilities To Live Out Loud Mural CMA Videos News Recent News Faculty News Student News Alumni News Events Media CMA Videos Bryan Recital Hall Streaming Video Photos Social Media Events Calendar Prospective Students Degree Programs Undergraduate Degrees and Majors Opportunities for Nonmajors Audition Information Music Theory Placement Exam Financial Facts Scholarships Housing Options Student Orientation Frequently Asked Questions General Pre-Audition Post-Audition Junior Audition Day Music Discovery Day Information Reservation Schedule Inquiry Certificate Program Program Information Inquiry Auditions Application Masters Studies Program Information Assistantships Auditions Nonmajor Applied Lessons Inquiry Application Resources Doctoral Studies Program Information Degree Requirements Assistantships Audition Inquiry Application Current Students Current Students General Handbook Scholarships Application Checklist Criteria Faculty/Staff Alphabetical By Area Positions available Resources Special Events Departments Musicology/ Composition/ Theory Composition Music Theory Music History World Music Ethnomusicology Master's Admissions Doctoral Admissions Advising Music Education Education Master's Admissions BGSU Catalog Advising Music Performance Studies Conducting Woodwinds Brass/Percussion Strings Jazz Studies Keyboard Voice Master's Admissions Doctoral Admissions BGSU Catalog Advising Ensembles Bands Choral Jazz Opera Orchestra Small Ensembles MidAmerican Center for Contemporary Music Community Summer Music Summer Music Institute NY Voices Vocal Jazz Camp Talent Development Workshop Pro Musica What is Pro Musica? Request Information Grants Application Guidelines Past Awards Newsletter Alumni Alumni News Get Connected Update Information Give  Upcoming at the CMA Contact the CMA | Disclaimer Bowling Green State University | Bowling Green, OH 43403-0001 | Contact Us | Campus Map | Accessibility Policy 