 Register/Login Mobile Newsletters Advertise My Request List  Franchise Opportunities Multi-Unit Franchisees Franchisors Franchise Law News Videos Resources Search Top Opportunities Hot Opportunities Franchises A-Z Browse thousands of Franchise Opportunities from A to Z. By Industry Browse franchise opportunities by industry View Full Industry List By State Browse franchise business opportunities by location. View Full Location List By Investment Browse franchise business opportunities by investment. View All Investment Ranges Getting Started Learn more about the franchise industry with franchise articles, guides, events and success stories. Learn More About Franchising Resource Guide Browse our Resources for Opportunity Seekers Conferences Home : Franchise Opportunities : By Industry : Automotive Franchise Opportunity Guide Franchising.com offers a complete listing of auto brake franchise opportunities, the latest news and original articles about the automotive franchise industry and much more. Creating a successful automotive brake business starts by forging a strategic partnership with an established brand. Franchises in the automotive industry can vary in their business models, offering the franchisee a uniquely-suited business opportunity. Franchise seekers may decide that having a nationally-recognized brand means more to them than a work from home franchise. Nationally- and locally-recognized brands are available. Some of these automotive franchises even offer multi-branding opportunities that could lead to a greater awareness of your business. Franchising.com can help you find a franchise in the automotive industry that's right for you. From home-based business opportunities available in certain auto paint franchises to multi-unit franchise opportunities that some oil change and automotive part franchises offer, Franchising.com is a resource directory for franchise seekers and business buyers. At Franchising.com, you can learn franchising basics by reading the latest news and original articles about popular franchising industries and gain franchise buyer advice. This valuable information can help you decide whether a specific franchise business opportunity is right for you. It all begins by choosing one or more of the automotive franchises from the list below. Select All Companies Listed Please note, by checking this box you will be adding ALL of the companies listed to your Request List. Interstate All Battery Center The world is increasingly dependent upon portable devices and the power to run them. Interstate All Battery Center速 is uniquely positioned to meet this growing demand with a brand built on a 60-year legacy of innovation... Meineke Car Care Centers Meineke Car Care Centers is a leader in the automotive aftermarket, providing high-quality, low-cost under-car repair services at approximately 900 locations across North America. Request Information Midas Midas is proud to be one of North America's original franchise opportunities and one of its best. Request Information NAPA AUTO PARTS Come learn about The NAPA Story: equity, income, freedom and pride of business ownership, community, and the backing of the #1 brand in the... Request Information Paint Bull Drive your ambition and achieve the success of your dreams with Paint Bull's mobile auto restoration business! Request Information AAMCO Transmissions, Inc. AAMCO is not only the most recognizable name in the auto transmission business, it\'s also one of the most familiar names in the entire business... Request Information Superior Wash Own your own mobile, onsite fleet truck washing franchise. Cater to the needs of businesses in your area while working from either home or an office. Milex / Mr. Transmission As one of the leading franchisors in the automotive aftermarket industry,... Select All Companies Listed Please note, by checking this box you will be adding ALL of the companies listed to your Request List. Franchise Opportunities Search Top Franchises Hot Franchises Featured Franchises By Alpha By Industry By Investment By Location By Maturity By Type Automotive Franchise Industry Auto Brakes Auto Muffler Auto Paint Auto Part Auto Supply Automotive Repair Automotive Services Car Wash Oil Change Transmission  Top Automotive News  Meineke Car Care Centers, Inc. Appoints Jason J. Moskal As Chief Marketing Officer Moskal brings over 17 years of experience in developing integrated marketing programs and brand strategies with many Fortune 100 companies.... AAMCO Total Car Care Hires Franchise Law Expert Richard L. Kolman As General Counsel Interstate Batteries Named A 2013 National Top Workplace Automotive Aftermarket Company Secures Spot On Coveted List For 10th Consecutive Year Interstate All Battery Center Of Ann Arbor Celebrates Grand Opening Navy Veteran Utilizes Crowdfunding To Open Meineke Car Care Center In Pensacola More Automotive News GETTING STARTED What is Franchising? Articles Events Guides News Success Stories Net Worth Calculator OPPORTUNITIES Search Hot Franchises Franchises A-Z By Industry By Type By Location By Investment RESOURCES Buyer Advice Conferences Finance Franchise Your Business Legal Real Estate Technology PRODUCTS & SERVICES PR Services Franchise Leadership & Development Conference Multi-Unit Franchising Conference Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference ABOUT Advertising Corporate Press Contact Legal Notices Privacy Policy Advertiser Login SOCIAL Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube The franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a franchise opportunity. Franchise Update Media Group |634 N. Santa Cruz Avenue, Suite 200 // Los Gatos, Ca 95030 // PH. (408) 402-5681 Copyright  2001 - 2013. All Rights Reserved. Site Hosting Provided By: wishVPS on FUMG3  0 Your Request List: No Opportunities Saved  