  about dmoz |  dmoz blog |  suggest URL | update listing | report abuse/spam |  help the entire directory only in Media_Production/Television Description Top : Business : Arts and Entertainment : Media Production : Television (181)  Commercials (33) HDTV (4) Mobile Broadcast Production (41) Music Videos @  (22) United Kingdom @  (37) See also: Arts: Television (8,499) News: Media Industry: Services: Business Services for Media (117) This category in other languages: Catalan (16) Dutch (10) German (152) Swedish (7) ACT Productions  - Produces television shows and music CDs which express the richness and variety of world cultures.  About the Arts  - Produces programming for the Boston area, featuring local visual, performing and literary artists.  Active Television  - Produces a variety of sports and entertainment related programming, including NBL Slam, Trackside and Carols in the Domain; also has a division that focuses on non broadcast, corporate and commercials production.  Apollo Films  - Full-service television commercial production company providing turnkey services to clients across the United States.  Arizona Freelance Productions  - Providing broadcast video production to Arizona. Clients include all major networks and news programs.  Arnold Creative Group  - Florida-based production group with multi-lingual and multiple format services in broadcast, commercial, business, educational and fundraising markets.  Atlantic Television  - Independent production company, offering one stop NTSC/PAL services across America.  Banyan Productions  - Reality-based television and direct response programming. Also develops convergent television/internet services.  Blackwater Video Productions  - Based in Morgantown, West Virginia, and equipped for broadcast and industrial/event production.  Blacon Media  - Live and remote broadcasts, as well as multimedia for legal clients. Staff profiles, services, client list, and news.  Bluefin Television  - Provides location shooting facilities for broadcast and corporate clients. Equipment available and credits are described.  Breakthrough Films and Television  - Toronto based company that produces television programs.  Brilliant TV  - Produces broadcast content, mainly targeted at children. They also develop formats in drama, comedy and factual programming. The site details their projects, and provides links to the sites of some of their programming.  Bunim/Murray Productions  - Producers of reality-based docu-dramas, The Real World and Road Rules.  Butler Films  - Specializes in documentary and educational television. Includes new projects, staff biographies, and contact information.  CW Television Productions  - Full service house with remote capabilities, NLE editor, DVE, studio and audio DAW.  Carr-Hughes Productions  - Specializes in broadcasts for live sports events. Includes information on staff members, as well as past and current projects.  Carsey-Werner  - Independent producers and distributors of television and motion picture entertainment.  Casper Thorse  - Company based in Copenhagen; offers rentals and production services.  Cellar Door Productions  - Based in PEI, producers of children's animation and lifestyle series.  Chaos Films  - Film and television production company in Miami which also specializes in production management for out-of-town/country producers.  Clark's Video Group  - Located in Arkansas, offers studio and mobile production as well as non linear editing and 3D animation facilities.  Cloud 9 Screen Entertainment Group  - Production and distribution of programming focussed on family, teenagers and children to over 130 countries  Communications Concepts  - Specializing in television content, with studio space as well as mobile units for production. Information about areas of expertise, projects executed, and venture into multimedia development.  Corus Entertainment  - One of Canada's largest media companies with a focus on children's television production.  Crew TV  - Full service production facility located in Stockholm, Sweden.  Cutters Productions  - Producers of a number of home and garden, glasswork, and painting instruction shows that appear on PBS affiliate stations.  Deangelis Group  - Produce, co-produce and distribute high budget event television, films, mini-series, long running series and action adventure.  Dick Clark Productions, Inc.  - Develops and produces television programming for major television networks, first-run domestic syndicators, advertisers and cable television, and theatrical motion pictures on a limited basis. (Nasdaq: DCPI).  Digistream  - Produces broadcast documentary and sells digital stock footage. Lists services and clients, and provides contact information.  Digital Generation Systems, Inc.  - Operates multimedia network designed to provide media distribution and related services to the broadcast industry by linking content providers to radio and television stations. (Nasdaq: DGIT).  Documentary  - Based in Istanbul. Specializes in documentaries from southeastern Europe. Information on authors, current projects, and the region.  Dynamic Video Productions  - Broadcast production, equipment hire, and professional crews in New Zealand.  EPK Crew  - Produces electronic press kit short documentaries.  Europa Productions  - Documentary and feature reports, specialising in European music, arts, culture and society.  Film Roman, Inc.  - Creates, develops, produces and distributes high quality, family-oriented animated television programming. (Nasdaq: ROMN).  FilmNet  - Designed to assist and promote the film and television industry in Ireland, the site offers information on businesses that offer services in related fields.  Fit To Fill TV  - Located just twelve minutes from central London, and offering a one-stop service for production, promos, programme development and scriptwriting.  Flashcards  - Cue cards to teleprompting, for live shows, variety, game, and corporate.  Florentine Films  - Documentary production company provides profiles of its principals: Ken Burns, Roger Sherman, Buddy Squires and Larry Hott.  Florida TV / Film Crews  - Production and post-production services for film, television and video.  Free Lens Television  - European company providing production facilities for broadcast television.  Gibson Group  - A production company specialising in high-end television drama and a wide range of comedy, art, and entertainment programming.  Global Television  - An Australian independent television production facility with offices in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.  HDTV Productions Inc.  - Production services company specializing in electronic cinematography and nonlinear editing.  HIT Entertainment  - Producers of primarily children's programming including Barney, Bob the Builder, and Thomas the Tank Engine. Includes overview of the company, listing of past productions, and profiles of classic characters.  Haney Production Group  - International company producing and shooting long-format television programs.  Horse Butt Productions  - Produces festival-bound short films, music and the sketch comedy show The Short Bus.  Independent Television Service  - Established by Congress to fund and present programming that involves creative risks and addresses the needs of under-served audiences, especially children and minorities.  Indigo Films  - Based in the San Francisco area, produces original documentaries and reality programs for cable.  Infinnity Productions  - Apart from working on a variety of television programming, they also produce infomercial broadcast marketing campaigns. Available on the site are a client list, some of their recent work, and contact details.  Internews Network  - International NGO that supports independent media in emerging democracies, and uses the media as a tool to mediate conflict within and between countries.  KTI Video Resources  - Broadcast production company in Florida, which also prepares video content for web streaming.  Lange Media  - Offers production services.  Lapco Communications  - Creator and producer of original television programming, specializing in how-to, educational, and documentary programs. Includes projects, company profile, and services.  Mannmade Productions  - Specializes in television and radio production and offers training in digital video shooting.  McCourry Films  - Producing high quality documentary films for the television broadcast industry.  Monkey-boy Productions  - A Toronto-based television production company.  Moondog Productions  - Belfast-based comedy and entertainment production company.  Mor2gan Productions  - Run by students of Morgan State, Baltimore; film on and off campus events, as well as do celebrity interviews.  Neukum Productions  - Based in northern California. Clients, equipment list, and contact information.  New Mexico Golf TV  - Specializing in travelogues, tourism programming, corporate marketing, training videos, infomercials and documentaries. Formats include Sony DVCAM digital photography, Beta SP and SX.  New Rule Productions  - Operating in the central coast area of California, offers production and duplication services.  Norsemen Television Productions  - Television programming, documentaries, commercials, and promotional campaigns. Company profile, staff information, and list of projects.  Omni Images  - Video and multimedia production company with wide ranging experience in live studio and outside broadcast direction.  PES Films  - Award-winning service and digital production in San Juan, Puerto Rico.  Pacific View Productions  - Documentaries, and corporate and educational programming around the world since 1987. Projects and contact information.  Paraview Productions  - Produces television documentaries and streaming video.  Peter Rosen Productions  - One of the most respected and experienced film and television production companies in the United States.  Pie Town Productions  - Television production company based in Los Angeles, specializing in reality and documentary programming.  Pilot Production  - Produces factual magazine series and adventure-travel programmes for several broadcasters. Clips from several of their programmes are available on the site.  Polar Bear Entertainment  - Producers of Top Dogs, and service producers in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.  Primitive  - A Toronto-based film and television production company specializing in high-quality documentary films.  Profilms  - Research and clips for commercial production from over 7,000 hours of programming.  Pyramid Productions  - Producers of The Movie Show, Inside Movies, Inside Entertainment, and M Style. Based in Canada.  Quartet International  - Factual entertainment production company based in New York.  Quest Productions  - Quality films and documentaries for broadcast television.  Ragdoll Productions  - Producers of popular children's television programmes, including Teletubbies.  Richman Films  - Award winning TV commercials and corporate productions.  Rosetta Stone Media  - Documentaries, serials, telefilms, corporate films, spots, promos, live presentations and event based programs.  Screaming Flea Productions  - American producer of non-fiction television.  Screen Ventures  - An international company developing, producing and distributing television programmes and films.  Shaftesbury Films Inc.  - Develops and produces dramatic material for theatrical and television markets with a focus on commercial projects for the international marketplace. [requires flash]  Sharpshooter Worldwide  - Television production company specializing in short notice on location filming anywhere in the world.  SlagleVideo Production Services  - Supplier of DigiBeta and Beta SP EFP and ENG packages with crews to broadcast clients.  Solid Entertainment  - Specializes in documentary format broadcast programming for the international marketplace. Available on the site are brief descriptions of their work, indexed according to broad subject areas.  Southwest Broadcast Video  - Texas company describes facilities, clients, and rates plus employee biographies.  Tall Pony Productions  - Producers of original music and comedy specials, award shows, and broadcast series.  Teleduction  - Producer of docudramas and documentaries for national and international broadcast and distribution.  The Center for New American Media  - Producing award-winning, entertaining and educational video documentaries.  The EditWorks  - Offers do-it-yourself linear and non-linear edit suites, duplications and film to tape transfers; specializes in multiple home video formats.  Thomas Lucas Productions  - Producing documentaries for television.  Transvideo Studios  - Broadcast video and DVD facility in Mountain View, CA. Company profile, services, location, and employment opportunities.  Vidicom Media Productions  - Documentaries for international television.  Virtual Spectator International Pty Ltd  - Virtual reality innovator in sports graphics, specializing in creating golf, cricket and football systems for broadcast.  Warner Hanson Television  - Independent producer of natural history and social environmental TV.  Westmount Productions  - Creating and writing television programs with an emphasis on documentary and short series projects. Calgary, Alberta, Canada.  World Class Video  - Specializing in magazine features, documentaries, and corporate communications.  XYZ Productions  - Greece-based commercial production units specializing in sports, news and post-production.  York Zimmerman  - Located in Washington, D.C., an independent company that makes documentaries about history, war, justice and revolution.  Zonsta Creation  - Production house with facilities in India, the U.S. and Canada.  iD One Television  - A complete production solution, offering cameras, crews and facilities.  XML Feeds: Topix: Television  - News about the television industry, collected from various sources on the web. [RSS]  " Television "searchon: AOL - Ask - Bing - Gigablast - Google - Lycos - Yahoo - Yippy Copyright  2013 Netscape Terms of Use Visit our sister sites mozilla.org | MusicMoz | Wikipedia Last update: Friday, May 13, 2011 6:09:53 AM EDT - edit 