 Reviews of the 5 Best Small Used Cars can be found here with links to the best prices for these 5 Most Reliable Small Used Cars. Tuesday, August 27, 2013 HOME NEW CARS FEATURED CAR ARTICLES CAR BUYING ARTICLES USED CARS AUTO LOANS CAR BUYING TIPS BLOG SITE MAP BEST USED CARS MENU Small Cars Sedans  Wagons (Family) Sedans (Large) Sedans (Upscale) Sedans (Luxury) Sports Cars MiniVans  SUVs (Small) SUVs (Midsized) SUVs (Large) Pickup Trucks 5 MOST RELIABLE SMALL CARS The hands of Toyota engineers have been involved in three of our five top picks for your next used small car. But quality and reliability cut across our top 5, giving you a number of reliable used small cars to choose from. Small Cars Rating 1) Toyota Corolla Chevrolet Geo Prizm (Corollas Twin) 9.8 out of 10 2) Honda Civic 9.5 out of 10 3) Subaru Impreza 9.4 out of 10 4) Toyota Prius 9.4 out of 10 5) Toyota Echo 9.4 out of 10 Close But No Cigar: Mazda 3, Protege, Mitsubishi Lancer ES Honda Civic (1972-Present) 9.8 out of 10 With production of the Civic starting in 1972 this model has a long history of reliability with customers. This pick comes with great fuel economy, an environmentally friendly engine and extremely roomy interior perfect for transporting passengers and cargo. With very reasonably base prices you can’t go wrong with the reliable Honda Civic. Find Honda Civic Cars for Sale Scion xB (2004-Present) 9.6 out of 10 After an unveiling in 2004 its popularity grew. This wagon was engineered to catch the eye of younger buyers. It went nationwide in 2005 and has proven to provide good reliability among consumers. It can be easy customized which makes this ride a fun and affordably choice. Find Scion xB Cars for Sale Toyota Corolla (1966 – Present) 9.5 out of 10 The compact Toyota Corolla has continually been one of the world’s best-selling cars. This Asian compact sedan hit the American market in 1969, and 2007 models are still being produced. Reliability, fuel economy, as well as its low purchase price give this compact the edge over the competition. Find Toyota Corolla Cars for Sale Toyota Matrix (2003-Present) 9.4 out of 10 This compact hatchback was first produced in 2002 and since then has amassed a loyal following. After a small facelift in 2005 The Matrix has proven that it is reliable with a strong and attractive comfortable interior. With great safety ratings and low purchase price this model is a must have. Find Toyota Matrix Cars for Sale Toyota Echo (2000  Present) 9.4 out of 10 A relatively new vehicle, the Toyota Echo began U.S. production in 2000, offering Americans a passenger car with one of the best fuel efficiency ratings out there. Initial purchase price and the Echo’s fuel economy, combined with its smooth ride and reliability, make this economical car a great purchase option. Find Toyota Echo Cars for Sale Search By Car Type Compact Sports Hybrids Trucks Midsize Luxury MiniVans / Vans SUVs SEARCH BY MANUFACTURER Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Fiat Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Used Cars Make: Model: Zip:  Auto Loan Quote Please select an auto loan type: (Click for Tip) Buy Auto Refinance Vehicle Buyout Lease Lease Vehicle  Copyright  2002-2013 BuyingAdvice.com, INC. All rights reserved. Home | About Us | Email Us | Webmaster Resources | Site Map | * Offers on this site are available only to residents of the United States. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of BuyingAdvice.com, INC., is prohibited. BuyingAdvice.com, INC., uses reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy of information posted on this site, but does not provide any guaranty of accuracy. There may be errors, inaccuracies or omissions in information on this site. Accordingly, BuyingAdvice.com, INC., disclaims any responsibility or liability for errors, inaccuracies or omissions. Your privacy is our policy . 