 "All I wanted was a little rose tattoo..." by William Eric McFadden revision 01052012-1420 Links to sites not related to humor or entertainment can be found in my Bookmarks . Read my disclaimer . Satire WellingtonGrey.net (gone?) The Oatmeal David Thorne's 27b/6 Dave Barry at The Miami Herald--new URL The Onion Weekly World News The Borowitz Report Cartoons, Cartoonists, and Illustrators (should this go in Pulchritude ? Or Art ?) "(Mandy is) a bit of a cliché, no doubt about it; but cartoonists deal with instantly recognizable types all the time. The secret is to twist that cliché enough so that it seems fresh. So heregoes: Mandy is a gorgeous, sexy young woman who is not aware of how she affects people--she’s basically an innocent. She does not dress glamorously, or in an attempt to be sexy, but whatever she puts on just comes out that way. The proverbial potato sack would look like one of Victoria’s best-kept Secrets if she put it on. She is guileless, not to say ‘clueless’--she isn’t the stereotypical ‘dumb blonde’, she just has no agenda, no wish to deal with anyone except in a straightforward, honest manner. Unfortunately, she assumes that everyone else feels the same way, and it’s not often the case. And this can get her into trouble from time to time. Nevertheless, she shrugs off disappointments and goes on with her naiveté andoptimism intact. She’s also remarkably clumsy; but she manages to pull that off as a sort of grace. She may look silly, but she never looks bad . She loves the outdoors, and animals. In fact, she’s sort of a modern day nymph, although with clothes (usually...well, often. Okay, sometimes)."--Dean Yeagle at Bellefree DeanYeagle.com & CagedBeagle.com official sites Gallery at bellefree.com (new URL) Gallery at ComicArtFans.com Gallery at ComicArtCommunity.com Gallery at Pin Up and Cartoon Girls Gallery at Artful Drawings ; with daily-updated captioned drawing Gallery at ArtGlaz.com Gallery at ModelMayhem Portfolio at portfolios.com (gone?) interview at Naked Tunes interview at AnimatorsUnite.com "(Mandy is) not a model of any kind (note how she always seems surprised at being in a picture). She would be terribly embarrassed at being actually pictured in Playboy...yet she does pose, nude, for local art classes. For Art's sake. And she has a number of jobs that allow for flexible hours - roller-skating car hop at a retro diner, dog-walker, bicycle messenger, soaper at the car wash, etc., so that she can continue her studies with the oboe, sculpture, and Medieval French poetry."--Dean Yeagle at Bellefree Dozens of desktop wallpapers featuring Mandy can be found on William McFadden's Wallpapers: the Girls of Dean Yeagle page. Dean Yeagle is part of the Fulp Fiction comic book team. Dean designed the characters in the Harry Johnson comics that Craig Rousseau drew and Norman Lee colored. Desktop wallpapers featuring the Girls of Harry Johnson as drawn by Dean Yeagle can be found on William McFadden's Wallpapers: the Girls of Dean Yeagle page. Desktop wallpapers featuring other cute girls drawn by Dean Yeagle can also be found on William McFadden's Wallpapers: the Girls of Dean Yeagle page. (By this point it should be obvious is it that I'm positively obsessed with the work of Dean Yeagle...) Shane Gline's Cartoon and Illustration Paradise & Cartoon Retro Rion Vernon's Pin-Up Toons -- way cool web design Gary Ham's SuperHam Illustration The Illustrated Catalog of ACME Products Bizarre Love Triangle at Synthetique.com --cool 3D motion (and index of videos) The development of a Digital Girl: Kaya by Alceu Baptistão Frank Cho's Liberty Meadows , with Brandy The Dilbert Zone by Scott Adams Bound and Gagged by Dana Summers Toy Trunk Railroad by Erik Sansom King Features Syndicate --home of Beetle Baily , Dennis the Menace , and others United Media --home of Dilbert , Snoopy , and others This Modern World by Tom Tomorrow Miscellaneous Tammy, the Virtual Bartender , at Beer.com Look here for commands Tammy will respond to "Behind the Scenes" video at M90 Trisha and Lisa, the Virtual Bartender II , at Beer.com The Cave of Magic by Robert Simeon Fay William Shatner Sings --I thought about putting this in Music & Films , but just couldn't... The Captain James T. Kirk Singalong Site with songs in RealAudio format--gone? Mr. Tambourine Man in real audio format and in .AU format William Shatner videos , including Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , Rocketman , and Taxi -- good stuff! William Shatner at The Fame Audit Sesame Street retro video Disclaimer: This is a collection of links that I have found useful or interesting, either professionally or personally. It is maintained for my own use, and issubject to change at any time. No claims are made to completeness, accuracy, or competence. No endorsement of any site, individual, product, or corporation isintended. With these caveats, anyone is welcome to browse these links or to use this page. Attributions: Mandy illustrations & Dean Yeagle signature -- copyright 2002-2011 Dean Yeagle Fanny Sellers illustration by Dean Yeagle -- copyright 2004 Fulp Fiction t-shirt girl illustration by Dean Yeagle -- copyright 2004 Dean Yeagle Zits Hot Young Girls cartoon copyright 2006 Jerry Scott & Jim Borgman The typeface used in the header-graphic of this page is "Planet Benson 2 (TrueType)"; it is available at http://simplythebest.net/fonts/ . 