  Help Contact ITA Publications Press About ITA Home ITA Goals Promote U.S. Trade and Investment Strengthen U.S. Industry Competitiveness Ensure Fair Trade ITA Organizations U.S. Commercial Service Manufacturing and Services Market Access and Compliance Import Administration Transportation and Machinery Office The Office of Transportation and Machinery (OTM) is one of five offices grouping specific manufacturing sectors within the Manufacturing and Services bureau of the Department of Commerce. Learn more about this office . Recent Reports Trends in Vehicle Exports (PDF) (July 19, 2013) U.S. Funding Sources for Air Navigation Procurement (PDF) (December, 21, 2012) General Aviation 2012 (PDF) (June 12, 2012) Growth Trends of Vehicle Exports (pdf format) (April 26, 2012) Direct Automotive Investment in the United States (pdf format) (April 26, 2012) Machinery Overview (April 25, 2012) Packaging Materials Industry data (April 23, 2012) Compilation of Foreign Motor Vehicle Import Requirements, 2011 (PDF) The Road Ahead phase II 2011  The follow-up document to the Road Ahead (PDF) The Road Ahead  An Assessment of the U.S. Motor Vehicle Industry 2011 (PDF) The U.S. Automotive Parts Industry Assessment 2011 (PDF) Automotive Market in Central and Eastern Europe (PDF) Automotive Market in ASEAN (PDF) Alternative Transportation Fuels (PDF) Flight Plan 2011  An assessment of the U.S. Aerospace Industry Upcoming Events Aerospace Export Seminars When: May 16, 2013; August 6, 2013; and October 22, 2013 Where: Cleveland and Dayton, OH The Ohio Aerospace Institute and the U.S. Department of Commerce are pleased to offer U.S. aerospace suppliers three halfday seminars that will deliver concrete, practical information on the dos and donts of exporting aerospace products. Presented by experts in various fields, the seminars are geared especially to small and mediumsized businesses. These seminars will cover export controls, trade finance, and working with the FAA. Click here for more information. Last Updated: 7/19/13 11:44 AM Print | E-mail Page Main Topics  MAS Home OTMHome ------------------ Aerospace Statistics Aerospace Reports Aerospace FAQs ------------------ Automotive Statistics Automotive Reports Automotive FAQs ------------------ Machinery Team Machinery Statistics Machinery Reports Machinery FAQs ------------------ Contact This Office Related Topics Trade Events and Leads Trade Advisory Committees Aerospace Related Links Automotive RelatedLinks Machinery Related Links  The International Trade Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce, manages this global trade site to provide access to ITA information on promoting trade and investment, strengthening the competitiveness of U.S. industry, and ensuring fair trade and compliance with trade laws and agreements. External links to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein. This site contains PDF documents. A PDF reader is available from Adobe Systems Incorporated. USA.Gov | FOIA | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Information Quality Guidelines 