  Continue Reading Advertisement You will be redirected to the page you want to view in seconds.  JOBS CARS HOMES RENTALS SHOPPING CLASSIFIEDS LEGAL ADS ADVERTISE WITH US Hi, My account Newsletters Log out Log in Subscribe Activate E-Newspaper Help FAQ Subscribe to FLORIDA TODAY Place an Ad Connect with us Contact Us Work for Us News Sports Lifestyles Opinions Photos Video Entertainment Obituaries Space News Brevard News Florida News Education News Crime News Business News Nation/World Weather News Archives LATEST HEADLINES Eastern Florida law enforcement recruit dies after run A 26-year-old Law Enforcement Academy recruit died this morning, the second day of class, after... - 3:33 pm News in :90 | Delivery shooter is former cop, BlueWare workers await pay FLORIDA TODAY's Rob Landers brings you today's top stories including a pizza delivery driver who... - 10:56 am God before country? West Melbourne meeting rules say no Former Brvard commissioner asks West Melbourne City Council: Why do things country before God, not... - 7:46 am High Schools Outdoors College sports Florida Gators UCF Knights FSU Seminoles Miami Hurricanes Talk Sports on Facebook Florida Tech Panthers LATEST HEADLINES College football season preview: UCF takes next step College football season preview: UCF Knights take next step. - 11:57 pm Prep football Tour of Brevard: Palm Bay Pirates looking north Palm Bay High football will begin play in a new district alignment this season. - 12:02 am Gators' Green sidelined; Morrison out one game Florida loses a veteran lineman for the season; Jones and Morrison expected back for Miami. - 11:51 pm Style Turbo Mom Health Help! Column Spaces On the Town Games/Horoscopes Space Coast Parent Best Viera, Suntree, Satellite Beach LATEST HEADLINES Hearts of Hearts: Business partners invest energy into society's future Tony Hurt and Rich Miller opened their own independent financial planning and wealth management... - 1:49 pm Health officials issue alert for dengue fever in Central Florida Health officials have issued an alert for mosquito-borne illness in a Central Florida community. - 2:16 pm Wild About: Dance, symphony accentuate county charms Kaori Suzuki Fischer is no stranger to international travel. - 7:32 pm Our views/Your views 321 Polimania Jeff Parker Toons In Submit letter to editor Letters to the Editor Columnists Matt Reed Bob Stover LATEST HEADLINES Letter: Not worth using tax money to keep the Washington Nationals I would like to know how many tickets the Washington Nationals have sold for spring-training games... - 12:02 pm Letter: Spend money to fix intersection, not on team County Commissioner Robin Fisher: - 12:02 pm Letter: Fed up with bigotry against Muslims This Christian feels compelled to apologize to the Islamic Society for the bigotry I am seeing... - 12:03 pm Latest Galleries Arrest Mugshots On the Town Zap Squad Reader Photos Upload Your Photos High School Sports Hometown Heroes LATEST PHOTOS Are there Zombie Titles in your neighborhood? U.S. Army's Puerto Rican unit Arrest mugshots 8-26 Latest Videos News in 90 Seconds Brevard Web Cams Today's weather forecast Entertainment videos The Florida Today Show On The Town videos Movies Bars & Clubs Restaurant Reviews Music Events Calendar ZAP Squad photo galleries Entertainment videos Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Watch the latest movie trailers Search obituaries Memoriams FEATURED: Pick your favorite Parker cartoon! DealChicken  Search Search in News Archives Local Deals Local Directory  ADVERTISEMENT Entertainment sponsored by  Top News Most Popular Local artists show work at law firm 10:27 AM Gray/Robinson Attorneys at Law is the go-to unusual space for an art exhibition. The attorney's office features a regular series of art by local artists. Entertainment best bets for Tuesday Aug. 26, 2013 All the gory details about Space Coast Mud Run 10:03 AM  Hit the sand this Friday for 28th annual NKF Surf Fest 9:35 AM What Women Want: Womens expos in September Aug. 26, 2013 Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake bring memorable moments to MTV VMAs Aug. 26, 2013 Melbourne Resident featured in ÂMemories of the MarchÂ Aug. 23, 2013 Oh, brother! Hulk Hogan coming to Brevard 12:41 PM Ben Affleck to play Batman in 'Man of Steel' sequel Aug. 23, 2013 Fun, food and surfing on tap for this week Aug. 22, 2013 Latest Restaurant Reviews SEE MORE Restaurant Reviews Restaurant Review: Coasters offers diverse menu, nice setting Aug. 22, 2013 Coasters Pub & Biergarten is more than meets the eye. Restaurant Review: Surf Dawg's Â definition of an ideal neighborhood eatery Restaurant Review: Lazy Bean no slouch on eats and drinks Restaurant review: Follow your nose to JR Rib Shack Restaurant review: Francisco's does Mexican cuisine proud ZAP Squad galleries SEE MORE ZAP Squad Zap Squad: Jamaikin Me Crazy Zap Squad: Slightly Stoopid show Zap Squad: Lou's Blues Zap Squad: Leading Ladies Nightowl galleries SEE MORE Nightowl Nightowl: DJ Sasha at Firestone Nightowl: All about perspective Nightowl: Casey's picks Nightowl: Bikes of Days Gone By Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Local artists show work at law firm Gray/Robinson Attorneys at Law is the go-to unusual space for an art exhibition. The attorney's office features a regular series of art by local artists. 10:27 AM COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Melbourne Resident featured in ÂMemories of the MarchÂ The 50th commemoration of the March on Washington has been documented by 10 PBS member stations nationwide, including WUCF-TV in Orlando. Aug. 23, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Extreme Culture: Iranian weaver repairs valuable rugs for Falasiri Falasiri Oriental Rugs regularly hosts Iranian weaver who uses old world techniques to repair valuable rugs. Aug. 22, 2013  Movie News SEE MORE Movie News TV tonight: 'The March' What's worth watching, and what might not be, in prime time on Tuesday. Aug 27, 2013 Parents Television Council slams Miley, VMAs Aug 26, 2013 MTV's 'VMAs' enjoy big ratings growth Aug 26, 2013 Morgan Freeman surprised by Batman announcement Aug 26, 2013 Music from USA TODAY and Associated Press Bob Dylan's radical, revealing 'Another Self Portrait' The latest 'Bootleg Series' set readdresses his first panned album. Album of the week: Juicy J's 'Stay Trippy' Back after 14 years, Goodie Mob revs up a new 'Machine' Playlist: Miley Cyrus, plus 10 more Listen Up: Goodie Mob, Franz Ferdinand, Big Sean Live at StudioA: Exclusive music videos On the Verge: Labrinth finds path to U.S. success Television from USA TODAY and Associated Press TV tonight: 'Under the Dome' What's worth watching, and what might not be, in prime time on Monday. MTV VMAs: The winners and nominees Justin Timberlake, Lady Gaga sizzle at MTV VMAs Sunday TV: 'Family Dance Off,' 'Silk' Simon Cowell, pregnant girlfriend spotted on vacay What's new on the streaming services? Zendaya to play teen dancer in Disney Channel film More Entertainment News ENTERTAINMENT / Woohoo! Simpsons' new Springfield opens at Universal The fictional town of Springfield comes to life Â again Â as Universal Studios in Orlando wraps up its expansion of their Simpsons-themed environment. Aug. 23, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Restaurant Reviews Restaurant Review: Coasters offers diverse menu, nice setting Coasters Pub & Biergarten is more than meets the eye. Aug. 22, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Extreme Culture: Iranian weaver repairs valuable rugs for Falasiri Falasiri Oriental Rugs regularly hosts Iranian weaver who uses old world techniques to repair valuable rugs. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Wrestling for fun: Hope for a Single Mom on Sept. 14 Buff bods and body slammin' -- that's one way to kick cancer's butt. Aug. 22, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Illness prompts Space Coast Symphony Orchestra to cancel concert The Space Coast Symphony Orchestra has canceled its string ensemble ÂPop Up ConcertÂ scheduled for tonight, Aug. 22, at Brick and Mortar in Cocoa Village. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Sam Jam 6 benefit Sunday at Pineda Inn Some of Brevard's well-known bands will play a mini music fest, dubbed Sam Jam 6 in honor of Sam Gorman, from 1 to 9 p.m. Sunday at Pineda Inn in Melbourne. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Shake, Rattle & Know: 'Madden' video game reaches a milestone 'Madden 25' will be released Tuesday. Mike Nunez, a longtime gamer and Fantasy Football fanatic, chats with one of the product managers of 'Madden 25.' Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Movies Movie review: Cheers to 'The World's End' 'The World's End' ought to be a mess. Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Movies Movie review: 'Blue Jasmine' deconstructs wealth, power, family Who knew what, and when? Aug. 22, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Movies Movie review: 'You're Next' improves as cast dies 'You're Next' is a nasty little slasher film that starts poorly but gets better once most of the cast has been butchered. Aug. 22, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Family Adventure Family Adventures: Lagoon House a gateway to environmental education Family Adventures: Lagoon House in Palm Bay Aug. 22, 2013 STYLE / Chef QA Chef Q: Josh Eslinger adds new tricks to trade Chef Josh Eslinger has worked in fine-dining establishments in the United States and Europe, perfectly preparing him for duties at Cocoa Village's Crush Eleven. Aug. 20, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pick of the Vine Pick of the Vine: Society of Wine Educators overflows with opportunity Society of Wine Educator's conference in Orlando was worth the trip. Aug. 20, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture New PBS Series: 'The Hollow Crown' Long before there was ÂGame of Thrones,Â there were ShakespeareÂs history plays, which told grisly tales of intrigue and kingly power. Aug. 20, 2013 STYLE / Toast of the Coast Toast of the Coast: Christian Culinarian delivers goods The Christian Culinarian wants to cut the apron strings that tie you to fast-food joints and grocery stores. The company's Meals 'n' Market program delivers chef-prepared meals and groceries to your home or place of business. Aug. 20, 2013 STYLE / Were excited about We're Excited About: Paws at the Pier in September Â The Space Coast Florida Chapter of the Florida Public Relations Associationwill honor its Public Relations Professional of the Year, Geo A. Ropert, at its annual dinner at 5:30 tonight at Duran Golf ClubÂs Tradewinds Restaurant, 7032 Stadium Parkway, Viera. The event will include chapter awards for service excellence as well as the installation of the chapterÂs 2013-14 board of directors. Ropert is director of communications at Brevard Family Partnership. Aug. 20, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Busch Gardens welcomes baby giraffes Busch Gardens Tampa welcomed two baby reticulated giraffes last month. Within an hour of birth, the calves were standing and within two hours were nursing. Aug. 20, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Woohoo! SimpsonsÂ new Springfield to open at Universal The fictional town of Springfield comes to life Â again Â as Universal Studios in Orlando wraps up its expansion of the worldÂs first Simpsons-themed environment this week. Aug. 19, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Movie review: 'Jobs' needs Jobs The inner geek in me (yeah, itÂs there somewhere) was so eager to see the movie ÂJobs.Â I didnÂt care what the reviews said. I wanted to go. Aug. 20, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Brevard Museum reveals name of mastodon The people have spoken. After months and months of voting, Brevard Museum of History and Natural Science in Cocoa unveiled the name of its Articulated Mastodon on Saturday night. The winner? Bones Aug. 18, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Meet the mastodon at new museum exhibit The Articulated Mastodon will be unveiled at 6 p.m. Saturday at the Brevard Museum of History and Natural Science in Cocoa. The mastodon comes from the Florida Museum of Natural History in Gainesville. Aug. 16, 2013 STYLE / Have you tried Have You Tried: A Novel Cup cafÃ© covers A to Z Have you triedÂthe artichoke and spinach quiche at A Novel Cup? Aug. 16, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / 'American Werewolf' to stalk this year's 'Halloween Horror Nights' ÂAn American Werewolf in LondonÂ will come to life at Universal OrlandoÂs Halloween Horror Nights 23 this fall. Aug. 16, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture "Book of Mormon" individual tickets on sale next week The first national tour of ÂBook of MormonÂ comes to OrlandoÂs Bob Carr Centre for the Performing Arts on Oct. 29 through Nov. 10 to kick off the new season for Fairwinds Broadway Across America Orlando. Aug. 16, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Family Adventures: Things to do for the 5-and-younger crowd Family-friendly fun: We give you a roundup of places to go and things to do for the 5-and-younger crowd. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Restaurant Reviews Restaurant Review: Surf Dawg's Â definition of an ideal neighborhood eatery Surf Dawg's Grill & Brew Pub offers friendly service and tasty food. Aug. 15, 2013 COLUMNISTS / Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Extreme Culture: Mad Cow's 'Death of a Salesman' is exquisite Mad Cow Theatre shows how good drama is done with its production of an American classic -- Arthur Miller's 'Death of a Salesman.' As Willy Loman, Eric Zivot delivers the goods. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Movies Vigilante sequel takes a meaner turn 'Kick-Ass,' the 2010 movie that poked holes in the superhero genre, was insanely violent, profane and over the top. Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Movies 'Jobs' is about Apple more than the man A better title for this film might have been 'The History of Apple Computers.' Aug. 15, 2013 ENTERTAINMENT / Gia Allemand of 'Bachelor' fame dies Gia Allemand of "The Bachelor" died Wednesday at 29. News reports suggest she died two days after a suicide attempt. Aug. 14, 2013  Entertainment All the gory details about Space Coast Mud Run Family Adventures: Here's all the gory details about the Space Coast Mud Run at Wickham Park in Melbourne.... 10:03 AM, Aug. 27, 2013 Entertainment Oh, brother! Hulk Hogan coming to Brevard Wrestling legend Hulk Hogan will join the lineup of other beefy ring-brawlers Sept. 14 at the Hope for a Single Mom: Body Slammin Breast Cancer II event, organizers confirmed Friday.... 12:41 PM, Aug. 27, 2013 Entertainment Hit the sand this Friday for 28th annual NKF Surf Fest Surfers, spectators and surfing dogs make waves this weekend at the 28th annual NKF Rich Salick Pro/Am Surf Festival in Cocoa Beach.... 9:35 AM, Aug. 27, 2013 Entertainment Port Canaveral Fun, food and surfing on tap for this week Look Ahead: Make plans for this week, which is Labor Day weekend. Some of the fun things to do? NKF Surf Fest in Cocoa Beach, a pig roast in Rockledge and beanbag tournament at Milliken's.... 11:14 AM, Aug. 22, 2013 Entertainment Disney's Night of Joy 2013 lineup DisneyÂs Night of Joy, a Christian music festival, returns to the Magic Kingdom in Central Florida on Sept. 6 and 7.... 1:40 PM, Aug. 14, 2013 Restaurant Reviews Entertainment Restaurant Review: Coasters offers diverse menu, nice setting Coasters Pub & Biergarten is more than meets the eye.... 3:44 PM, Aug. 22, 2013 Restaurant Reviews Entertainment Restaurant Review: Lazy Bean no slouch on eats and drinks Lazy Bean Caffee & Deli in Cocoa Village makes a nice addition to the local coffee shop scene.... 4:02 PM, Aug. 8, 2013 Entertainment 'America's Got Talent' winner croons in Cocoa Beach Celebrity Q: Landau Eugene Murphy Jr. went from washing cars to winning the sixth season of 'America's Got Talent.'... 2:49 PM, Aug. 13, 2013 Entertainment Entertainment best bets for Tuesday Here are your entertainment best bets for Tuesday, August 27, 2013.... 5:35 PM, Aug. 26, 2013 Restaurant Reviews Entertainment Restaurant Review: Surf Dawg's Â definition of an ideal neighborhood eatery Surf Dawg's Grill & Brew Pub offers friendly service and tasty food.... 4:59 PM, Aug. 15, 2013 Restaurant Reviews Entertainment Restaurant review: Follow your nose to JR Rib Shack Looking for good barbecue? Head to JR's Rib Shack in Rockledge.... 11:54 AM, Aug. 2, 2013 Entertainment Sam Jam 6 benefit Sunday at Pineda Inn Some of Brevard's well-known bands will play a mini music fest, dubbed Sam Jam 6 in honor of Sam Gorman, from 1 to 9 p.m. Sunday at Pineda Inn in Melbourne.... 3:39 PM, Aug. 22, 2013 Restaurant Reviews Entertainment Restaurant review: Good cheer on tap at Beachside Grill & Deli Cheerful service is the draw at Beachside Grill & Deli.... 10:54 AM, Jul. 4, 2013 Movies Entertainment Movie Review: Pixar's 'Planes' sputters off ground If you've watched the trailers, you might go into 'Planes' thinking it's an awful lot like 'Cars,' and it is a sequel to one of Pixar's least-regarded films.... 5:06 PM, Aug. 8, 2013 Restaurant Reviews Entertainment Restaurant Review: Viera's Thai Hana serves dishes in style Thailand native Ray Chaijirawat is the brains behind Thai Hana, the increasingly popular Thai-Japanese restaurant near Kohl's in the Avenue Viera.... 2:26 PM, Nov. 29, 2012 Restaurant Reviews Entertainment The whole gang will enjoy Speakeasy's food, decor Address: 1212 E. Strawbridge Ave., Melbourne... 1:50 PM, Jun. 13, 2013 Movies Entertainment Movie review: 'Blue Jasmine' deconstructs wealth, power, family Who knew what, and when?... 4:02 PM, Aug. 22, 2013 Entertainment Movie review: Star power loads '2 Guns' with clever banter, bullets Movie review: Star power loads '2 Guns' with clever banter, bullets.... 9:27 AM, Aug. 2, 2013 Entertainment Wrestling for fun: Hope for a Single Mom on Sept. 14 Buff bods and body slammin' -- that's one way to kick cancer's butt.... 3:16 PM, Aug. 22, 2013  ADVERTISEMENT  LocalData.ini Playlist Id: 51727462001 See all Video Videos Zap Squad: Slightly Stoopid show (1m59s) MTV VMAs: 'N Sync works it, Miley Cyrus twerks it (2m52s) Hulk Hogan Thinks Chris Hemsworth Should Star i... (1m6s)  See all Photos Photo Galleries Scenes from MTV's VMA awards Iranian weaver repairs valuable rugs "Spring Awakening" takes to '1776' at Cocoa Village  Don't Miss MORE TV SPECIAL Living it Up on the Space Coast  PHOTO GALLERY See who's On the Town in Brevard  TV SPECIAL Metromix Brevard's Staycation Guide MORE  See all Events Things To Do TUE 27 WED 28 THU 29 FRI 30 SAT 31 SUN 1 MON 2 Moms Morning Out Childrens Center Titusville, FL Meet  greet Dr. Scott Reader One Senior Place Viera, FL Preschool storytime Central Brevard Library and Reference Center Cocoa, FL Creative writing class Central Brevard Library and Reference Center Cocoa, FL Toddler tales Central Brevard Library and Reference Center Cocoa, FL Creative cards and gift-making class Titusville Art League Titusville, FL Moms Morning Out Childrens Center Titusville, FL Alphabet Adventures Satellite Beach Public Library Satellite Beach, FL Pinochle Freedom 7 Senior Community Center Cocoa Beach, FL Call for vendors David R. Schechter Community Center Satellite Beach, FL Learn to process digital photos Central Brevard Library and Reference Center Cocoa, FL Artist Tricia Eisen Art  Antiques Studio and Gallery Melbourne, FL The Sister Run 5K Ryckman Park Melbourne Beach, FL Nature driving tour Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge-Visitors Center Titusville, FL Art dolls exhibit Cocoa Beach Public Library Cocoa Beach, FL Cocoa Beach farmers market Cocoa Beach City Hall Cocoa Beach, FL Cold-blooded weekend Brevard Zoo Melbourne, FL Jamaikin Me Crazy International Palms Resort Cocoa Beach, FL Black and White and Red All Over exhibit extended King Center for the Performing Arts Melbourne, FL Shuttle Atlantis exhibit Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Merritt Island, FL Native American art gallery Sundancer Gallery Cocoa, FL MORE Events | Submit an Event ADVERTISEMENT Archives View the last seven days Yesterday, Aug. 26 Sunday, Aug. 25 Saturday, Aug. 24 Friday, Aug. 23 Thursday, Aug. 22 Wednesday, Aug. 21 Tuesday, Aug. 20 See our paid archives for news older than a week. Your Photos & Videos Submit your photos and videos to FLORIDA TODAY See reader submitted galleries Subscribe! Sign up for your All Access Subscription Download our apps! Stay connected with FLORIDA TODAY's apps: iPhone app | Android app Deals Start saving now! Weather Watch the latest Brevard County weather forecast Games  Sudoku  Crossword  Horoscopes  Lottery Join the conversation Connect with us on Facebook Choose from 16 topics to follow Follow us on Twitter Follow our latest activity Send a letter Share your opinion with a letter to the editor  Subscribe today for full access Current subscriber? Activate your account Reset your password Enter your email and we will send you a link to reset your password. Email Reset my password Cancel OK Resend Email Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156 Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. Email Employee Account Password Forgot your password ? Log in Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156or Chat now Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. Email Employee Account Password Forgot your password ? Log in Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156or Chat now Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156 We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access. Become a subscriber today to enjoy these benefits: Unlimited access to our Web site iPad-optimized edition Mobile site  iPhone app View subscription options Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. You now have full access. Thank you for subscribing. View articles, videos, galleries and more  24/7 Access the tablet-optimized site, mobile site and iPhone app Share your access with any friend or family member Subscriber exclusive Top 5 daily email newsletter You will automatically receive the FloridaToday.com Top 5 daily email newsletter. If you don't want to receive this newsletter, you can change your newsletter selections in your account preferences. Continue  Register Create an account or if you have a digital profile log in . Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now.  Name Gender Select Female Male Birth year Zip code Email Password (5-30 characters, no spaces. Letters and numbers only.) Create my account Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156or Chat now Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service , Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights , and Ad Choices You must have browser cookies enabled to view our site. It's possible that your browser cookies are turned off. Read our FAQ page to find out how to enable cookies in your browser. Account issue We're sorry, your shared access privileges have been removed by the subscriber. You can still look at a limited number of articles per month. Subscribe now Continue reading Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156 Account issue We're sorry, this account no longer has full access. You can still look at a limited number of articles per month. View my account Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156 Your trial period has expired Become a subscriber today to continue enjoying all of the products FLORIDA TODAY has to offer View subscription options Learn more Need help? Call 1-877-424-0156 Flash is required to continue To continue using your current Web browser, Adobe Flash must be installed or upgraded: Download Adobe Flash Player Or you can download any of the following supported modern browsers: Firefox Chrome Safari  ADVERTISEMENT Site Map | Back to Top NEWS Space News Brevard News Florida News Education News Crime News Business News Nation/World Weather News Archives PHOTOS Latest Galleries Arrest Mugshots On the Town Zap Squad Reader Photos Upload Your Photos High School Sports Hometown Heroes SPORTS High Schools Outdoors College sports Florida Gators UCF Knights FSU Seminoles Miami Hurricanes Talk Sports on Facebook Florida Tech Panthers VIDEO Latest Videos News in 90 Seconds Brevard Web Cams Today's weather forecast Entertainment videos The Florida Today Show On The Town videos LIFESTYLES Style Turbo Mom Health Help! Column Spaces On the Town Games/Horoscopes Space Coast Parent Best Viera, Suntree, Satellite Beach OBITUARIES Search obituaries Memoriams OPINIONS Our views/Your views 321 Polimania Jeff Parker Toons In Submit letter to editor Letters to the Editor Columnists Matt Reed Bob Stover ENTERTAINMENT Movies Bars & Clubs Restaurant Reviews Music Events Calendar ZAP Squad photo galleries Entertainment videos Pam Harbaugh Extreme Culture Watch the latest movie trailers HELP FAQ Subscribe to FLORIDA TODAY Place an Ad Connect with us Contact Us Work for Us FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Mobile RSS E-mail Alerts  News | Jobs | Cars for Sale | Homes for Sale | Apartments for Rent | Shopping Copyright  2013 www.floridatoday.com. All rights reserved. Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service , Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights , and Ad Choices 