  News Watchdog Sports Business Food and Cooking Photo/Video Subscriber Services Login  Home Festivals Harley 110th Movies Dining Music Arts Books TV  Radio Events Comics Beer Puzzles More Contests Horoscopes Lottery  current subscribers Register me not a subscriber? See my options No thanks Already registered for JS Everywhere? Log in.  current subscribers Register me not a subscriber? See my options No thanks Already registered for JS Everywhere? Log in. Log in current subscribers Register me not a subscriber? See my options No thanks forgot username/password?  Already subscribed? Login  already a subscriber? Register me Go to homepage Subscribe now See my options Go to homepage  Already registered for JS Everywhere? Log in. Log in current subscribers Register me not a subscriber? See my options No thanks forgot username/password?  Already subscribed? Login   Hot Topics: Art City on the radio | Miley Cyrus | Video Music Awards | Ben Affleck as Batman?  Home   Entertainment   Arts Arts Review Florentine double bill finds humor in tragic tales Kathy Wittman Lavish costumes add to the pleasure of Florentine Opera’s double feature of “Venus & Adonis” (above) and “Dido & Aeneas.” By Elaine Schmidt , Special to the Journal Sentinel May 15, 2011 Tweet Email Print (4) Comments The Florentine Opera Company's double bill of English Baroque operas captured the pathos and humor of two of the genre's great works in Vogel Hall Saturday evening. Both operas - Venus  Adonis by John Blow, and Dido  Aeneas by Blow's student, Henry Purcell - are tragic love stories. Adonis doesn't survive the first story; neither lover survives the second. The Florentine's productions of both operas mixed bits of theatrical humor into the storytelling, setting the action on a lavish, creatively done set and dressing them, largely, in striking period costumes. Venus  Adonis presented more opportunities for humor, particularly in countertenor Ian Howell's playful, vocally sparkling take on Cupid and Craig Verm's brilliantly vapid depiction of Adonis. The shirtless Verm looked like the cover of a romance novel as he sang the role with power and polish. Greer Davis brought both vocal and theatrical depth to the role of Venus. Ensemble members handled smaller roles in both operas with varying levels of success. Davis brought that same depth to the role of Belinda in Dido  Aeneas. Verm brought a more serious tone to the role of Aeneas. Patricia Risley created a powerful, striding Dido, singing with a mix of power and precision, but lapsing occasionally into an overly covered, throaty sound. Dancer-choreographer Dani Kuepper created lovely period ensemble dances. She mixed bits of modern dance flavor and gesture into her own solo dances. Both operas were set in 1690, as though being rehearsed for performance. Noele Stollmack's set was a delightfully cluttered opera-in-progress. Bits of richly detailed scenery were mixed with candlelit stage walls. Props, costume bits, a ladder, counterweights and other theatrical flotsam and jetsam were scattered, draped and propped around the stage in creative chaos. Christianne Myers' chorus costumes, done in a delicious palette of cream, gold and bronze, were a sumptuous slice of period theatrical costuming. Her costumes for the principals ranged from character-defining togs for Cupid and the Spirit, to somewhat anachronistic ensembles for Dido and Venus. Members of the Milwaukee Symphony, led by Christopher Larkin at the harpsichord in an awkwardly narrow pit space, brought cleanly executed, historically informed support (and, unfortunately, a ringing cellphone) to the performance. IF YOU GO The Florentine Opera Company's Venus  Adonis and Dido  Aeneas run through Sunday at Vogel Hall in the Marcus Center for the Performing Arts. For tickets, visit www.florentineopera.org or call (414) 273-7206.  2013 , Journal Sentinel Inc. All rights reserved. 4 Comments  Read and share your thoughts on this story. E-mail Newsletter Keep up with the art scene and trends in urban design with art and architecture critic Mary Louise Schumacher. Every week, you'll get the latest reviews, musings on architecture and her picks for what to do on the weekends. Enter your e-mail address above and click "Sign Up Now!" to begin receiving your e-mail newsletter Get the Newsletter! Login or Register to manage all your newsletter preferences. Manage all your newsletter preferences.  Follow @tapmilwaukee   Stories flow with the miles on Harley-Davidson ride 12:46 p.m. Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs Updated: 12:00 p.m. 'Star Wars' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies Updated: 11:55 a.m. BMO Harris bank plans big holiday reveal 10:52 a.m. '42' actor Boseman to play James Brown in biopic Updated: 10:37 a.m. Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Cyrus 7:20 a.m. On Tap Today: Diana Ross is Coming Out 5:30 a.m. Retired CBS newsman Bruce Dunning dies at 73 Yesterday 5:58 p.m. Day 33: Journal Communications letter to employees on blackout 4:40 p.m. Rapper 'Fat Joe' reports to prison in tax case 3:09 p.m. Damon, Panettiere get Environmental Media Awards 2:17 p.m. Kate Gosselin sues ex over book, alleges hacking 1:47 p.m. Reggae star sues Va. groups after bottle injury 12:31 p.m. Milwaukee Rep's 'I Left My Heart' celebrates song more than singer 12:13 p.m. Judge approves deal dismissing Paula Deen lawsuit 11:47 a.m. Brian Wilson, Jeff Beck co-headlining Riverside Theater 10:30 a.m. Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs 10:15 a.m. MSOE cancels Art City radio show after one episode 8:46 a.m. On Tap Today: The calm before the potato-potato-potato 5:45 a.m.  Advertisement  Most Popular - Entertainment most read commented e-mailed Rev up for Harley-Davidson 110th Anniversary bash Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs New CDs in stores this week Milwaukee Rep's 'I Left My Heart' celebrates song more than singer Harley-Davidson 110th Anniversary street parties to feature Sick Puppies, Puddle of Mudd Harley-Davidson announces 28 musical acts for 110th anniversary celebration (35) Rev up for Harley-Davidson 110th Anniversary bash (7) Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs (4) New owner Justin Aprahamian keeps Sanford restaurant sublime (2) A Proppa dance party (1) Rev up for Harley-Davidson 110th Anniversary bash Diana Ross performing at Riverside Theater Aug. 27 Milwaukee Rep's 'I Left My Heart' celebrates song more than singer more most popular content... Recommended Reading Recommended Reading Blog: Books editor Jim Higgins highlights things worth reading, in print and online. Recommended Reading: Venting 'unpopular' opinions on Twitter Recommended Reading: Novelist ReShonda Tate Billingsley visits downtown library Monday Recommended Reading: 'This Town' depicts Paul Ryan as shrewd, with a sense of humor (3)  View All Blog Posts Art City  Art City Blog: Mary Louise Schumacher explores some of the city's most creative endeavors.  MSOE cancels Art City radio show after one episode (4) Pop artist Robert Indiana will not attend Friday event Art City radio show premieres on WMSE at noon  View All Blog Posts  Elsewhere on JSOnline Photo Gallery Concealed-carry class held at Kochanski's Milwaukee Problems pile up for training agency On Tap Today Diana Ross is Coming Out Reader Photos Your Harley photos Wisconsin Couple beat odds with quadruplets JS Everywhere Journal Sentinel for iPad/iPhone  JSOnline | MyCommunityNOW | Living Lake Country | Metroparent Magazine | Today's TMJ4 | Newsradio 620 | 94.5 Lake FM UPDATED PRIVACY POLICY/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS | Updated Terms of Use | Contact Us | Journal Careers | Subscription Services | Place an Ad | About Our Ads | Advertise with Us | PR Hub  2013 , Journal Sentinel Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by Clickability. Produced and Managed by Journal Interactive.  