  Campus Directory PirateNet About Seton Hall Campus Life Mission History Technology News and Events Visiting Campus Request Information Office of the President Strategic Plan Office of the Provost Middle States Self-Study Governance Academics Degree Options Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Continuing Education Online Programs Dual Degree Programs Special Programs Highlights University Libraries Faculty Profiles Assessment University Core Curriculum Academic Calendar Schools and Colleges Arts and Sciences Business Diplomacy Education Law Nursing Health and Medical Sciences Theology Office of the Provost Departments Centers and Institutes Catholic Mission Mission and Ministry Priest Community Catholic Studies Theology Institutes and Centers Mass Schedule Archdiocese Volunteer Giving Athletics Schedules Tickets Social Media Pirate Blue Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Alumni and Friends Alumni Directory Events Calendar Share Your News Benefits and Services Email Accounts Request a Transcript Giving Support Seton Hall Why Seton Hall? Give Now  About Arts  Sciences Office of the Dean Apply Now Undergraduate Graduate Graduate Programs Undergraduate Programs Special Academic Programs Dual Degree Programs Departments  Centers Faculty  Research Academic Resource Center Writing Center News  Events Arts Council WSOU Give Now B.A., Major in Fine Arts Seton Hall    Academics    College of Arts & Sciences Overview Curriculum Internships  Careers Overview The professional art field has expanded vastly to include everything that is visually communicated or "designed." Studio art courses present an introduction to the fine arts where students develop a personal approach to art media, gain knowledge of materials and techniques, and strengthen their creative skills. Seton Hall University provides a "hands on" art education that fosters creative thinkers and problem solvers who will make their mark in this field as leaders. Undergraduate students have the option to study abroad for credit at Student Art Centers International or at other university programs. The proximity of Seton Hall's campus to New York City and Philadelphia allows students access to many significant art institutions. Many education students choose fine arts or graphic, interactive and advertising design as their secondary major. The art programs offered in the Department of Communication and The Arts are designed to develop each student's interests and potential. Course offerings include drawing, painting, printmaking, graphic design and advertising art, digital art and web design. Advisers work closely with students and tailor their studies to meet personal objectives. With small class sizes, students get much individual attention. A five-year, dual-degree B.A./M.A. in Museum Professions and a web design certificate program are also available. In addition to the general requirements of the College of Arts and Sciences, students must fulfill the Bachelor of Arts requirements for one of the following majors: Fine Arts or Graphic, Interactive and Advertising Design. Education students must also be in consultation with the College of Education and Human Services with regard to fulfilling the requirements for the Bachelor of Science in Art Education. To talk to a faculty adviser, contact Lauren Schiller, assistant chair of the Division of Art, Art History and Design at lauren.schiller@shu.edu or (973) 275-6467. For the web site, click here .  Request Information Considering Seton Hall? Request Info Online E-mail: thehall@shu.edu Telephone: (800) THE-HALL Fax: (973) 275-2321 Register for a Tour Register now for a campus tour . ( What's this? ) Apply There's no better time to apply than right now . Apply Online » Tuition  Financial Aid The quality and value of a Seton Hall degree will put you far ahead of your peers. Financial Aid Overview Scholarships Tuition and Costs Over 90 percent of our students receive financial aid. Related Pages Department of Communication and The Arts Financial Information Minor in Fine Arts  Seton Hall University  400 South Orange Avenue  South Orange, NJ 07079  (973) 761-9000 Campus Map Visiting Campus Links and Resources News and Events Parents and Families Career Center Employment Public Safety Accountability Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr Instagram Pinterest Information Technology Questions and Comments Sign In to PirateNet Services  Student Email Faculty/Employee Email PirateNet Account Blackboard Register for Classes Appropriate Use Policy • Security Resources Mobile App System Status and Tech Help × 