 Real Estate Rentals Cars Today's Paper Going Out Guide FindSave Service Alley Home PostTV In PostTV Politics In Politics Congress Courts  Law The Fed Page Health Care Polling White House GovBeat Md. Politics Va. Politics D.C. Politics Blogs & Columns Michelle Obama highlights Whitney... Post Politics | Krissah Thompson The Fact Checker is away The Fact Checker | Glenn Kessler Honor the dream by honoring the... She The People | Bernardine Watson How Rubio, Cruz and Paul stand... The Fix | Sean Sullivan Opinions In Opinions Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations The Posts View Left-Leaning Right-Leaning Local Opinions Columnist Index Featured Blogs The 2024 Summer Olympics belong... ComPost | Alexandra Petri What should a senator read? The Plum Line | Jonathan Bernstein PostScript: Milbank and the GOP's... PostPartisan | Rachel Manteuffel The compassion gap Right Turn | Jennifer Rubin Local In Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Crime Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Blogs  Columns Blogs & Columns Humid and a bit unsettled into... Capital Weather Gang | Jason Samenow Music, beer and food trucks at... Going Out Guide | Fritz Hahn Drivers towed from Silver Spring... Dr. Gridlock | Lori Aratani Sports In Sports Redskins/NFL Capitals/NHL Wizards/NBA Nationals/MLB D.C.United/Soccer Colleges AllMetSports Blogs  Columns Forums OtherSports Blogs & Columns USA Hockey's Sochi jerseys unveiled Capitals Insider | Lindsay Applebaum Interview with RGIII movie directors DC Sports Bog | Lindsay Applebaum Pat White to start Redskins' preseason... The Insider | Mark Maske Nationals-Marlins lineups Nationals Journal | James Wagner National In National Energy Environment Health  Science Education National Security Investigations On Faith On Leadership Innovations On Giving Corrections Blogs & Columns Is the Twittersphere ready for... Innovations | Dominic Basulto Microsoft's flawed system of performance... On Leadership | Jena McGregor King's dream: Waiting with perseverance On Faith | T.D. Jakes World In World Africa TheAmericas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East National Security War Zones Special Reports Columns  Blogs Blogs & Columns The first happy video from Syria... WorldViews | Max Fisher Giving up the element of surprise... WorldViews | Max Fisher Google's app store comes to Iran WorldViews | Brian Fung A map showing Syria's complexity WorldViews | Max Fisher Business In Business Economy Industries Local Business Markets PolicyRegulation Technology WorldBusiness Capital Business On Small Business On I.T. Blogs & Columns A new parent feels the stress,... The Color of Money | Michelle Singletary Surprises in Fed disclosures Wonkblog | Neil Irwin Tech In Technology Policy Innovation GreenTechnology The Switch PhotoGalleries Blogs & Columns New York Times site inaccessible... Hayley Tsukayama Why Google brought its app store... The Switch | Brian Fung Phone metadata can be very revealing The Switch | Timothy B. Lee Siri doesn't like being asked about... The Switch | Brian Fung Lifestyle In Lifestyle Advice Carolyn Hax Food Home  Garden Style Travel Weddings Wellness Magazine KidsPost On Parenting Blogs & Columns New biography to present a less... The Style Blog | Ron Charles Names  Faces: Madonna, Donald... The Reliable Source | Michael Livingston II Entertainment In Entertainment Books Comics Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles  Games Theater Dance TV Blogs & Columns DCs Trinity War Comic Riffs | David Betancourt  Music, beer and food trucks at... Going Out Guide | Fritz Hahn Jobs In Jobs More Classifieds Cars Deals Real Estate Rentals Photos Blogs Discussions FindSave Obituaries Archives Topics WP Wine Club Service Alley   Home > Collections > Auto Show The changing culture of the auto show By Mohana Ravindranath , February 08, 2013 A 2013 Dodge Dart is seen at the Washington Auto show February 6, 2013. REUTERS/Gary (GARY CAMERON/REUTERS ) For Fairfax resident Aaron Carey, attending auto shows is an annual pilgrimage. A self-proclaimed “car-nut,” he’s been going to auto shows for decades — in Philadelphia for almost 30 years, in Frankfurt once during his service in the U.S. Army in the 1990’s, and, after having recently moved to the area, in Washington. Over the years, Carey’s reason for going changed. When he was in high school, he used to ogle at the hot new cars he couldn’t afford. As an adult, he took his two young sons, now grown, to impart his love for cars to them. These days, Carey attends the show alone, as much for his fascination with the technology as for research on which car to buy next. “It used to be more the excitement and seeing new models. Now, I’m looking at the price,” Carey said. Carey may represent the changing face of today’s auto show goers. In the past four or five years, the demographics of auto show attendees has changed from overwhelmingly male between ages 30 and 52 to include a more diverse range of ages, races, and incomes. Instead of just “motorheads,” Washington Auto Show producer John O’Donnell said the shows increasingly attract consumers with intent to buy. Decades ago, going to auto shows used to represent a father-son or grandfather-father-son tradition, O’Donnell said. “Americans have had a strong love affair with the freedom and mobility a car gives, but people are beginning to view vehicles as nothing more than a means for getting from point A to point B,” O’Donnell said. This shift is reflected in auto shows themselves. To appeal to the auto show’s growing female audience — as women often make purchasing decisions for a household, O’Donnell said, they’re increasingly deciding which cars to buy — organizers scheduled celebrity appearances from various a capella groups, Olympic gymnast Gabrielle Douglas and a handful of other female-oriented acts. In past years, the entertainment has been more geared toward men, he added. Next year, O’Donnell thinks the show may cater more to young adults. Last weekend, he noticed a pattern he’d never seen — large crowds of young people buying tickets around 9 p.m. on weekends, catching the tail end of the auto show, and then heading to bars afterwards. For the 2014 auto show, O’Donnell is proposing an “Auto Show After Hours” event next year — complete with beer and wine — to retain this audience. But some still come to the auto show just for their love of cars. Laurel resident Vernon Bacud brought his 3-year-old son and father-in-law to the auto show to cultivate a tradition he didn’t have growing up in the Philippines. Though he originally started going because he’s a car enthusiast, his favorite part is “spending time with family and friends.” Hagerstown, Md.-resident Dick Martin brought his childhood friend, John Hopkins to the auto show, the first they’d ever attended. When they were growing up — “when gas was 22 cents a gallon,” Martin noted — they used to go to their local car dealerships for brochures, which had pictures of all the newest models. “You’d have a stack of papers with Chevy, Ford, Plymouth, Dodge, Pontiac,” Martin said. “There wasn’t any such thing as a Volkswagen,” Hopkins said. Though Martin is a car enthusiast, he said until now — since he’s retired — he didn’t have time to look at cars. “I was too busy. Now I’ve got plenty of free time, and I can go and play.” Personal Post Email Tumblr Reddit Stumbleupon Digg Delicious FEATURED ARTICLES The kitchen of 2013: Experts dish A Butler Well Served by This Election Five myths about electric cars More: Skip the boardwalk, tunnels: 5 Virginia beaches you’ve never heard of Saying goodbye to my child, the youngster Vertigo can be frightening, but it often can be treated without drugs The best and worst small businesses to start in 2013 The Secret to Cleaning Grout in Tile Floors ‘Lee Daniels’ The Butler’ movie review Loading... Comments We Recommend At Washington Auto Show, small businesses do the heavy... February 8, 2013 Washington Auto Show: Tomorrow’s drivers behind the wheel... February 5, 2013 What to watch: On eve of auto show, local dealers celebrate... January 22, 2012 Find More Stories About Auto Show washingtonpost.com © 2013 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissings and Discussion Policy Ad Choices Index by Date Index by Keyword 