  Auto Repair Services Brake  ABS Service Cooling Systems Electrical Repairs Engine Diagnostics Exhaust Repair / Replacement Fleet Services Heating and Air Conditioning Lube Oil  Filter Change Major and Minor Engine Repair Saturn vehicle repair Scheduled Maintenance Starting  Charging Systems Suspension Repair Customer Care Features 12 Month, 12,000 Mile Warranty ACDelco Trained / ASE Certified Courtesy Shuttle Service Same-Day Service State-of-the-Art Equipment Student Friendly Walk-In or Scheduled Appts Reviews Hours of Operation Monday - Friday: 8am- 6pm Saturday & Sunday: Closed   Randall Automotive 3615 S. Martin Luther King Jr.Lansing, MI Phone: 517-393-8536 Randall Automotive | Lansing Auto  Light Truck Repair Specialists Randall Automotive is a family owned and operated auto repair facility in Lansing, Michigan. Our auto repair services include: oil changes, brake and ABS services, engine diagnostics, exhaust repair, air conditioning service, scheduled maintenance service, fleet services, and nearly all engine repair services. Randall Automotive has been repairing cars and light trucks since 1995. With the latest in auto repair technology and service we can have your car up and running in no time. Our reputation is built on our commitment to providing total customer loyalty and satisfaction. Purchasing and owning a vehicle can often be one of the largest expenses a person will have. Educating our customers on how best to maintain their vehicle is a priority here at Randall Automotive.  We pride ourselves on explaining proper maintenance, how or why a certain repair needs to be made and what the costs will be and why. It is important to us that our customers understand the service we provide them. After all if you dont know what you are paying for how can you determine if you received good value for your hard earned money? Full Service Auto Repair Randall Automotive is an ACDelco Professional Service Center (PSC) and a member of TECH-NET PROFESSIONAL AUTO SERVICE ® . We are a student-friendly business, offering a 10% labor discount to Michigan State University and Lansing Community College students.* We stand behind every auto repair that we perform with a 12-month/12,000 mile limited warranty on repairs performed under our AC-Delco Consumer Assurance Program. This program guarantees if the auto part fails and you are more than 25 miles from our repair facility, you simply call the Customer Assurance Toll-free number at 1-800-ACDELCO (1-800-223-3526) for assistance to the nearest AC-Delco repair facility. Learn More *With valid student ID Real Reviews powered by SureCritic Copyright 2009 - 2012 Randall Automotive. All Rights Reserved. Webdesign by Leelanau.com 