 google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1433502505330106";/* Just Auto Header */google_ad_slot = "8141657412";google_ad_width = 728;google_ad_height = 90;// Buick Chevrolet and GMC Dodge Ford Imports Oldsmobile Pontiac G5 G6 Bonneville Firebird Grand Prix Grand Am Montana - Transport Sunfire Torrent Belts Tires Post A Picture Or Video Home Page | Pictures and Videos | How Things Work | Computer Codes Lists | Check Engine Light Help | What's Wrong With My Vehicle?  Auto Repair Questions - Free Help - Expert Mechanic Today's auto repair industry requires more electrical equipment, training and know how to diagnose car problems than ever before. Here on this website you will find free car and truck repair help, questions answered, advice, pictures and videos. An expert mechanic explains the basics to the latest high tech in automotive repairs. Have you had the experience of a mechanic replaced a part, did not fix the car, then guessed at another item. Maybe you read some free repair help online? When that did not repair the car, the usual response is: "Well, gonna have to take it to the dealer". THAT'S WHERE I COME IN. I have been an ASE Certified Dealership Technician for over 20 years. I started as a apprentice back in the late 1980's. Fuel injection was just coming onto the automotive scene. The industry was changing rapidly. The day to day job of auto repair has become more difficult, but also more rewarding. Many more customers are grateful for the job I do. They seem to understand that most car repairs cannot be done by the backyard mechanic anymore. Even simple things like replacing brakes or doing a tune up can easily be done improperly and cause more harm to your vehicle. Ask me for free help ! Thank you to our friends at The Transmission Repair Shop - Dallas for their help on this website. Latest Car Repair Questions Chevy Cavalier Engine Noise And Won't Start I Put E85 Gas In My Car And It Runs Bad G6 Failed Emission Test- No Reading Chevy Blazer Hard To Start Cold Dodge Avenger 2.4L Crank Position Sensor Location What's New... Cam Crank Correlation Code P0014 P0016 P0016 - P0014. The engine control module (ECM) uses the crankshaft position (CKP) sensor and the camshaft position (CMP) sensor pulses to monitor the correlation between the crankshaft and camshaft position.    Ford F-250 Truck P... Dario Franchitti's... Olds Silhouette Mi... 4.2L Inline Six Cy...  Most Viewed Lately Engine Noises | Knocking and Ticking | Common Causes Steering Wheel Wobbles While Driving Chevy Equinox Has No Power Steering Intake Air Temperature Sensor (IAT) Code P0112 Or P0113 2006 Chevy Trailblazer Service Stability Code C0455 C0244 Repair Chevy Monte Carlo 3.5L V6 Coolant Leak  Random Tips And Facts FACT: Semi-truck drivers DO own the road. So be smart - stay out of their way. You can't win, so don't even try. Latest Automotive News Father Thanks Rescuers For Saving Family From Floodwaters Tesla Outsells Ten Major Car Companies In California Unusual Reason One Town Closes A Main Road Pay-As-You-Drive Insurance Growing Despite Privacy Concerns  Question Lists By Topic Battery or Alternator - | - Brakes - | - Check Engine Light - | - Steering - | - HVAC - | - Tires or Suspension - | - Transmission - | - Engine Noises Terms of Service  Privacy Policy Contact Us 