   Celebrity Gossip  Entertainment News     Fans to miss Shahrukh, Ash performance in IIFA Superstar Shah Rukh Khans fans are likely to get disappointed as buzz is in the air that he may not perform at the IIFA Awards, due to his knee problem. Fans are eagerly waiting for the superstar who was supposed to perform at the stage of the prestigious IIFA Awards after 7 years. Shah Rukh Khan has posted a tweet stating that he is in hospital getting his knee tapped up. He is feeling awful as he is not fully fit for performing at the IIFA. But he also told his fans that he will try and give his best. He had attended the IIFA Weekend twice in the pastin Singapore in 2004 and in Amsterdam in 2005. King Khan had performed last at the Singapore show. The superstar has been nominated as the best actor for his character of Rizwan in My Name Is Khan who suffers from Aspergers syndrome. On the other hand, news is that Aishwarya Rai Bachhan is also not performing in the upcoming awards due to her pregnancy. Ash and Abhishek will not attend the grand award ceremony that is scheduled to take place from 23rd to 25th June at Toronto.  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Aishwarya Rais more news , Eva Longoria And Aishwarya Rai , shahrukh khan No comments: Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Disclaimer Hottest Celebrity Gossip acknowledges that though we try to report accurately, we cannot verify the absolute facts of everything posted. Postings may contain fact, speculation or rumor. We find images from the Web that are believed to belong in the public domain. If any stories or images that appear on the site are in violation of copyright law, please e-mail at taheena@gmail.com and we will remove the offending information as soon as possible.    Latest News .  Julia Roberts eyes Bollywood, home in India MUMBAI: According to Indian media, Hollywood actress Julia Robert is set to buy a house in India as well take a shot in the kaleidoscopic ti... Beyonce "world's most beautiful woman for 2012" NEW YORK: Grammy-award winning singer and new mother Beyonce was named the worlds most beautiful woman for 2012 on Wednesday by People ... Actor Christian Bale reflects on years as 'Dark Knight' LOS ANGELES: The Dark Knight rises in movie theaters this Friday on the wings of huge anticipation for the final film of director Christophe... Top 10 Most Unconventional Romantic Movies Romantic and clichĂŠd movies like When Harry Met Sally and The Notebook will continue to be watched till the end of time. This is a list ... Olsen twins beat Middletons for best-dressed sisters The Olsen sisters are on the cover of Vogues best-dressed supplement for this issue. Vogue is looking at stylish sisters this time, with ...  Updates in your mail     Top Stories  Entertainment  Free submit your website to search engines Submit Site to Search Engines   Submit Sitemap linux hosting DreamHost promos wordpress hosting Top Stories  Taheena 2008-2011. Simple template. Powered by Blogger .  