  Toll Free: 866-399-2263 | Newsletter Signup | Wishlist | My Account    WOMEN  MEN KIDScoming soon  DESIGNERS NEW ARRIVALS SHOP BY CATEGORY DRESSES SALE CELEBRITY STYLE BLOG  CELEBRITY STYLE BLOG Designers Celebrities Headlines ALEXA'S "IT" GUIDE Posted Aug 26 2013 @ 07:03 PM Alexa Chung was photographed out and about in NYC on August 28, looking quite fresh and summery as she made her way to a business meeting in the city. For her cheery ensemble, Alexa wore a floral Kenzo frock that she paired with a black leather shoulder bag, a pair of red strappy sandals, and a cute Orla Kiely iPhone case. To emulate her look for your next summer outing, try opting for a fun, patterned dress, such as one of Voom by Joy Han's fanciful options; the Lily Short Sleeve Dress in Multi has a vintage-inspired print, while the Lola Short Sleeve Dress in White has a similar silhouette to Alexa's due to the figure-flattering peplum. Kay Unger New York's Floral Off Shoulder Jacquard in Orchid Multi is another refined floral option. From there, add on Seychelles' Sage Sandal in Orange and you'll be ready to conquer a summer day in the city. What are your thoughts on AC's outfit here, everyone - yay or nay? In other Alexa news, the British style is all set to release her upcoming coffee table book, simply titled "It." The tome is set to contain a collection of personal insights into her fashion influences, style tips, drawings and photographs. According to Metro , one of the main reasons to pre-order the book is that there's simple "no one else like her." They laud Alexa as " the definition of a true fashion icon. Currently, there are few who can put clothes together quite like Alexa Chung. " Do you agree, readers? Source: insightnewsandfeatures.com Alexa Chung seen in New York, NY on Aug 23 2013. Gossip Here | (1) Comments Alexa Chung Alexa Chung (born 5 November 1983) is an English television presenter and model. [] More from Alexa Chung  Seychelles Sage Sandal in Orange $59.95 Kay Unger New York Floral Off Shoulder Jacquard in Orchid Multi $308.00 Voom by Joy Han Lily Short Sleeve Dress in Multi $46.00 Voom by Joy Han Lola Short Sleeve Dress in White $86.00  MORE THAN FRIENDS WITH JUSTIN? Posted Aug 25 2013 @ 11:49 AM Amanda Seyfried was spotted heading to lunch in Hollywood on August 23, and kept her outfit pretty simple for her sunny day outing. Amanda paired a basic white t-shirt with a pair of checkered short-shorts and red sunnies, and then added on a cross body bag and a pair of black strappy sandals. If you're inspired by Amanda's summertime simplicity but want to kick up the style quotient a few notches, try this similar-yet-elevated outfit from CoutureCandy. Start by choosing Wildfox Couture's Covered in Kisses Classic V Neck in White , which adds a handful of cute kisses for a sweet effect, and then slip into a pair of printed shorts that have more of a relaxed fit (like Haute Hippie's Snake Print Silk Drawstring Shorts ). From there, add on a bright, fun bag (take a look at Cleobella's Gaia Embroidered Clutch in Multi ) and black sandals with a bit of edge (try Seychelles' Sage Sandal in Black ) and you'll be set. What are your thoughts on AS' outfit here, everyone? On the romance front, the blonde actress has been spotted out and about with actor Justin Long lately, which has generated a bit of buzz that the two are more than just friends. According to Us Weekly , a source said: " At the premiere of her new film "Lovelace," they weren't making out or anything like that, but they were just inseparable during the event. He hung out when she talked with others, but stayed close to her all night. " Since then, they've been photographed together on several occasions, the most recent being when Amanda went out to dinner with Justin and his brother in Studio City. What is your take on all of this, readers - do you think they're more than just friends? Source: wenn.com Amanda Seyfried seen in Hollywood, CA on Aug 23 2013. Gossip Here | (1) Comments Amanda Seyfried Amanda Michelle Seyfried (born December 2, 1985) is an American actress [] More from Amanda Seyfried  Cleobella Gaia Embroidered Clutch in Multi $115.00 Seychelles Sage Sandal in Black $59.95 Haute Hippie Snake Print Silk Drawstring Shorts $225.00 Wildfox Couture Covered In Kisses V Neck in Beach Aqua $68.00 Eclipseurl's used in the movietext used in the moviesaved from url=(0013)about:internet RIRI'S TOMBOY STYLE IN NYC Posted Aug 24 2013 @ 06:59 PM Rihanna was caught by the paparazzi as she went out to dinner in NYC on August 23, but did not seem to be in the mood to have her photo taken. Outfit wise, RiRi went for a tomboy look - are you into it, everyone? She started with a printed t-shirt (Ri's featured an iconic John Lennon image with a skull over his face; to keep the skull motif going, check out Chaser's Badass Skull Tee in Black ) and a pair of light wash denim cut offs (like Joe's Jeans' Cut Off Short in Kerilee ), and then wore an oversized pair of black sunglasses and black sneakers. Accessory wise, she donned a gold necklace adorned with "Fenty" (customize your necklace look with Nolan Jewelry's Initial Charm Pendant Necklace with Diamonds ) and toted a black python clutch. Get the look with Primary's Solid Python Clutch in Black . In other Rihanna news, the sexy songstress is apparently just fine being single - until the right guy comes along. A source close to RiRi told Hollywood Life : " She wants a man but for sure doesnÂt need one. When the right dude comes along, whenever that is, sheÂll be ready and take her time and make sure itÂs right. But until then, sheÂs not really tripping on a dude. Not just any guy, itÂs got to be the right guy. " Thoughts, readers? Source: splashnewsonline.com Rihanna seen in New York, NY on Aug 23 2013. Gossip Here | (1) Comments Rihanna Robyn Rihanna Fenty was born on February 20, 1988 in Saint Michael, Barbados and is a Barbadian sing [] More from Rihanna  Nolan Jewelry Initial Charm Pendant Necklace w Diamonds $848.00 Primary Solid Python Clutch in Black $350.00 Joes Jeans Cut Off Short in Kerilee $178.00 Chaser Badass Skull Tee in Black $65.00 Eclipseurl's used in the movietext used in the moviesaved from url=(0013)about:internet MIRANDA IS "PLANNED" AND "PREPPED" Posted Aug 23 2013 @ 04:43 PM Miranda Kerr was photographed looking flawless as ever as she made her way through LAX on August 22, in a comfy yet chic ensemble. Miranda seemed to be in quite a good mood as she headed inside to catch her flight, and could barely contain herself from flashing a huge smile for the paparazzi! Outfit wise, Miranda paired a striped maxi dress (for a similar option, check out Veronica M's Maxi Strapless in Black Stripe , or for an option with panels of stripes in various sizes, check out Gypsy 05's Saint Malo Tank Dress in Bisque ) under a light wash denim jacket (like Level 99's Jacket in Mission ), and then accessorized with a pair of studded black sandals and a multicolored scarf. For a similar, lightweight option that's ideal for these final moments of summer, try Mangrove's Mogul Princess Scarf in Pink Blossom . A black tote bag and a pair of oversized black aviator sunglasses finished off MK's outfit. Thoughts, readers? In other Miranda news, the gorgeous model recently chatted with Vogue UK about how, as a mom, she balances work and family and is always "planned" and "prepped." According to Kerr: " As the founder and managing director of Kora Organics I am actively involved in the day-to-day operation of the business Â from product development, financing, marketing and the global sales distribution. Since becoming a mother, IÂve learnt to schedule my time more efficiently to ensure I can give my family the best, my company the best and my clients the best. ItÂs all about planning and preparation! " Very wise words from this lovely lady! Source: wenn.com Miranda Kerr seen in Los Angeles, CA on Aug 22 2013. Gossip Here | (2) Comments Miranda Kerr Miranda May Kerr is an Australian model, best known as one of the Vi [] More from Miranda Kerr  Mangrove Mogul Princess Scarf in Pink Blossom $125.00 Level 99 Jacket in Mission $128.00 Gypsy 05 Saint Malo Tank Dress in Bisque $145.00 Veronica M Maxi Strapless in Black Stripe $98.00  LET THE "APPLAUSE" ERA BEGIN Posted Aug 19 2013 @ 08:52 PM Lady Gaga was photographed out and about in NYC earlier today, August 19, promoting the release of the music video for her new single "Applause." While Gaga has been pretty much completely off the radar for the past handful of months, she is definitely back on her game - both her music game and her fashion game. She's been spotted out in a slew of bold designer looks over the past few days, from Balenciaga to Alexander McQueen, and today she opted for a Balmain ensemble that consisted of a strong shouldered turtleneck sweater, gold waist belt, and draped white trousers. She finished off her look with her favorite pair of circular Tom Ford sunglasses and a pair of black AlaÃ¯a boots. For those of you who are interested in translating this look into one that's more wearable, try pairing 3.1 Phillip Lim's very similar Draped Pocket Pants in White with a statement sweater; both Elizabeth and James' Rochelle Fur Sweatshirt in Grey and 3.1 Phillip Lim's Terracotta Sequined Pullover in Rust/Blue fit the bill. From there, add on a waist belt (like Elegantly Waisted's Bridget Belt in Chocolate ) and a pair of black boots, and you'll be all set. What's your take on Gaga's outfit this time around, readers? Gaga has been especially active on Twitter over the past week, in large part due to the release of her new single and video. Before appearing on "Good Morning America" this morning, LG tweeted: " I know this sounds weird but, I can't believe I'm gonna be on TV today for an interview! It's been so long, I can't wait to see your smiles! " Then, she recently confirmed the rumor that she is going to be opening this year's MTV Video Music Awards with a performance of Applause, tweeting: " I am so excited to announce I'll be opening the 2013 @MTV Video Music Awards! Here's gaga-monster tv promo! " Who is excited to see Gaga's sure-to-be memorable VMA performance? Source: wenn.com Lady Gaga seen in New York, NY on Aug 19 2013. Gossip Here | (2) Comments Lady Gaga Lady Gaga (born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta; March 28, 1986) is an American recording artist. [] More from Lady Gaga  3.1 Phillip Lim Draped Pocket Pants in White $375.00 Elegantly Waisted Bridget Belt in Chocolate $173.00 Elizabeth and James Rochelle Fur Sweatshirt in Grey $495.00 3.1 Phillip Lim Terracotta Sequined Pullover in Rust/Blue $550.00 Eclipseurl's used in the movietext used in the moviesaved from url=(0013)about:internet OLIVIA IS A DARLING "DRINKING BUDDY" Posted Aug 19 2013 @ 08:20 PM Olivia Wilde looked absolutely darling as she posed for photographs before taping an appearance on "Good Morning America" to promote her new film Drinking Buddies earlier today, August 19, in New York. For her promotional appearance, Olivia paired a printed Clover Canyon pencil skirt (for an equally bold option, check out AGAIN's Beale in Alphabet Black , or for a more classic, dialed-down option with a similar silhouette, check out Kay Unger New York's Spring Tweed Skirt in Green ) with a black crew neck Crippen t-shirt (get the look with Minnie Rose's Layering Crew Neck Pullover in Black , or for a v-neck option, try Nation Ltd's Classic V Neck Tee in Black ) and a pair of bright blue Jimmy Choo platform heels. Glossy waves and natural makeup completed OW's outfit. What are your thoughts of her look here, everyone - does it get a thumbs up or down from you? In other Olivia news, the beautiful actress recently revealed that she suffered a "beer burn" when researching her role as an unlikely beer maker in Drinking Buddies ! Said Olivia: " We were at the brewery and we were learning about the process of making beer and (co-star) Jake (Johnson) was pouring in the hops into boiling wort (the syrupy liquid substance that makes up beer)... and everyone else was wearing goggles except me and I leaned into his shoulder and it went into my eye. I felt I had to play it cool and I did, even though I was suffering terribly. I admitted it three weeks later that I was in horrible pain. We learned to respect how difficult it is to make a great beer. It really hurts to get boiling beer splashed in your eye! " Ouch! I hope she's ok now! Source: insightnewsandfeatures.com Olivia Wilde seen in New York, NY on Aug 19 2013. Gossip Here | (2) Comments Olivia Wilde Olivia Jane Wilde (March 10, 1984) is an American actress. She has appeared in a number of film and [] More from Olivia Wilde  Kay Unger New York Spring Tweed Skirt in Green $110.00 AGAIN Beale in Alphabet Black $119.00 Minnie Rose Layering Crew Neck Pullover in Black $63.00 Nation Ltd Classic V Neck Tee in Black $50.00 Eclipseurl's used in the movietext used in the moviesaved from url=(0013)about:internet ANGELINA'S DOCTOR SPEAKS OUT Posted Aug 18 2013 @ 12:15 PM Always one to keep it basic in all black, Angelina Jolie was photographed arriving in Los Angeles at LAX on August 15 and was accompanied by her son Maddox (who is now 12!). For her airport outfit, Angie started with a pair of slim fit black jeans (get the look with either Hudson Jeans' Nico Super Skinny in Black or James Jeans' High Class Skinny in Black Shadow ) and a simple black top (like Michael Stars' Scoop Neck Hi-Low Top in Black ), and then added on a pair of oversized, cat eye shades and simple strappy sandals. A black tote (try Julie K Handbags' Jacqui Black Cobra ) and stud earrings finished off her ensemble. What do you think of Angie's outfit on this occasion, everyone - chic and classic, or a been-there-done-that bore? In other news, the doctor who treated Angelina when she recently made the decision to have a preventive double mastectomy is speaking out to Los Angeles Magazine about Angie's decision. Dr. Kristi Funk of the Pink Lotus Breast Center in Beverly Hills said: " Jolie waited to find the perfect timing in her personal and professional life, but I think most importantly in her soul. She is intensely private, but she calculated the moment when she would be ready to reveal something so personal. When someone who is arguably the most beautiful woman in the world removes the part of her body that is symbolic of femininity and sexuality, you have to say, 'Why would she do that?' She knew always that in her philanthropic core she couldn't keep this a secret and be who she is. She always knew. " Thoughts, readers? Source: fameflynet.com Angelina Jolie seen in Los Angeles, CA on Aug 15 2013. Gossip Here | (3) Comments Angelina Jolie Angelina Jolie was born on June 4, 1975 in Los Angeles. Being the daughter of actors [] More from Angelina Jolie  Julie K Handbags Jacqui Black Cobra $475.00 Michael Stars Scoop Neck Hi-Low Top in Black $64.00 Hudson Jeans Nico Super Skinny in Black $79.00 James Jeans High Class Skinny in Black Shadow $105.00  JULIANNE'S PREMIERE POP OF COLOR Posted Aug 18 2013 @ 09:09 AM Julianne Hough brought a pop of color with her as she walked the red carpet at the premiere of The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones , which was held at the ArcLight Cinemas Cinerama Dome in Hollywood on August 12. For her outfit, Julianne went with Jenny Packham all the way, and wore a top, pants and clutch from the designer. From there, she finished off her look with a pair of Stuart Weitzman sandals. To get a look inspired by hers here, start with a punchy pair of bottoms - Current/Elliot's Ankle Skinny in Poppy are a denim option in a shade similar to Julianne's. From there, add on an embroidered or patterned top, such as Joie's similar Marelia Blouse in Mushroom/Rose Gold . Gypsy 05's Bahia Double Pocket in D. Peach is a more relaxed, flowy option. From there, add on Abaco's Sparkle Clutch in Bronze , which is neutral enough to go with a variety of looks yet still glam due to the sparkle. What are your thoughts of JH's outfit here... one of her best? In other Julianne news, the beautiful blonde recently supported her pal Nina Dobrev at the party for Nina's "Cosmopolitan" cover of the September issue that was held in LA, and Julianne dished on how the two buds first met. Said Julianne: " We've known the same person, Riawna Capri, who cuts and colors and does our hair. She's like, 'You guys have to meet.' We've just been like joined - connected - at the hip. " Ah, gotta love it when your hairstylist uses their social circle to make new friendships! Source: gettyimages.com Julianne Hough seen in Hollywood, CA on Aug 12 2013. Gossip Here | (2) Comments Julianne Hough Julianne Hough (born July 20, 1988) is an American... [] More from Julianne Hough  Abaco Sparkle Clutch in Bronze $158.00 Gypsy 05 Bahia Double Pocket in D. Peach $154.00 Joie Marelia Blouse in Mushroom/Rose Gold $238.00 Eclipseurl's used in the movietext used in the moviesaved from url=(0013)about:internet OLIVIA OPTS FOR PAISLEY IN THE CITY Posted Aug 17 2013 @ 04:29 PM The ever-chic Olivia Palermo was photographed out and about in NYC on August 14, opting for a fresh summery ensemble that consisted of a mix of high-low pieces. Olivia is always so masterful about mixing the pieces in her wardrobe! She started with a red and white paisley ASOS dress (try either Eight Sixty's Mini Dress in White/Red/Purple or Phoebe Couture's Print Drop Waist Dress in Black Multi for a similar option) and then added on a black and gold H belt to toughen up the look a bit, along with a complementary Louis Vuitton tote (check out Julie K Handbags' Laura in Red Cobra for a great statement tote) and a chunky gold cuff. A pair of mirrored Westward Leaning sunglasses and snakeskin ballet flats (like Sam Edelman's Felicia Snake in Black/White ) finished off OP's outfit. What are your thoughts of her street style on this occasion, everyone - yay or nay? In other Olivia news, the stylish socialite recently dished about her approach to dressing chic while on vacation and her favorite piece that can go from day to night. Said Olivia: " Regardless of where I'm heading, there are some clothes that come with me on every summer holiday, every year - like my favorite white ruffled dress by D It's perfect for day or night, and it's super comfortable. I never want to wear anything restrictive on holiday - it's vacation! " Cute! Do you have a go-to piece that you always bring with you when heading to an exotic getaway, everyone? Source: pacificcoastnews.com Olivia Palermo seen in New York, NY on Aug 14 2013. Gossip Here | (2) Comments Olivia Palermo Olivia Palermo (born February 28, 1986) is a former cast member on the MTV reality television [] More from Olivia Palermo  Sam Edelman Felicia Snake in Black/White $110.00 Julie K Handbags Laura in Red Cobra $495.00 Eight Sixty Mini Dress in White/Red/Purple $98.00 Phoebe Couture Print Drop Waist Dress in Black Multi $198.00 Eclipseurl's used in the movietext used in the moviesaved from url=(0013)about:internet MK TAKE NORWAY Posted Aug 12 2013 @ 08:17 PM Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen were photographed at a photo call for the launch of their latest fashion collaboration, this time with Scandinavian brand Bik Bok that was held in Oslo, Norway on August 7. For their promotional looks, let's start with MK. The tiny twin kept it simple by pairing a black blazer (like Donna Mizani's Boyfriend Blazer in Black ) with a heather grey t-shirt (Lanston's Slit Back V Neck in HG is similar) and a pair of faded black/dark grey skinny jeans (try James Jeans' James Twiggy in Slate II ), and then slipped into a pair of demure black kitten heels to finish things off. Ashley, on the other hand, put a little more effort into her look. She paired a black silk blouse (for a grey option, check out Fifteen-Twenty's Contrast Shirt in Grey/Black ) with sleek trousers (get the look with Kay Unger New York's Tuxedo Pant in Black ), and then accessorized with a printed scarf (like Mangrove's Bold Scarf in Blue ) and a pair of pink heels. Those shoes are probably the last pair I would have expected AO to wear here, but I think they strangely work. What are your thoughts on their ensembles here, everyone? At the event, Ashley dished on the collaboration with the brand, saying: " WeÂve enjoyed the design process with the Bik Bok team and are excited to visit Oslo and Stockholm to launch the first of three collections in August. " Previously, MK chimed in: " Ashley and I are thrilled with our Fall 2013 Bik Bok collaboration. We feel the collection reflects our personal style and will connect with the Scandinavian girl ." Are any of you familiar with the line? Source: fameflynet.com Mary-Kate & Ashley Olsen seen in Oslo, Norway on Aug 07 2013. Gossip Here | (5) Comments Mary-Kate & Ashley Olsen Mary-Kate and Ashley Fuller Olsen were born [] More from Mary-Kate & Ashley Olsen  Kay Unger New York Tuxedo Pant in Black $290.00 Fifteen-Twenty Contrast Shirt in Grey/Black $167.20 Mangrove Bold Scarf in Blue $125.00 Lanston Slit Back V Neck in HG $89.00 Donna Mizani Boyfriend Blazer in Black $177.00  Next Page > Sign up for the CoutureCandy Newsletter | New Arrivals & Sweet Deals  Socialize with us... GIFT CERTIFICATES CUSTOMER SERVICE RETURNS & EXCHANGES CONTACT US ABOUT US All Rights Reserved  CoutureCandy 2013 | Privacy Policy | Conditions of Use 