  Home Who We Are Our Staff What We Do Contact Us     Wallace Automotive - Honda  Acura Specialists Wallace Automotive is a full service shop with two locations in Richmond, Virginia. Though we specialize in the repair and maintenance of Hondas and Acuras, we are recognized in Richmond for our personal, detailed attention to any make or model of car. Our Mission   Finding a good automotive repair shop is like finding a good doctor--it's not always an easy process. At Wallace Automotive, we have built our business on honor, trust, and integrity. Our philosophy is pretty simple: Every staff member services your vehicle as if we're working on our own. We think your repairs and maintenance should be done right the first time, providing you with complete satisfaction that keeps you coming back to us. We are unique in that we offer dealership-quality service with a highly personalized warm, no-nonsense approach, and we want you to tell your friends, family and neighbors about your experience with us every time we have the privilege of working with you.    back to top News / Specials Have a Great Summer Be Safe Stay Cool  Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 7:30 am - 5:30 p.m. We accept the following payment options: Free Wi-Fi services available at both locations  Specialists Why pick us? Our goal is to give you complete peace of mind by taking care of your vehicle service needs.  Here at Wallace Automotive, you will find our qualified mechanics are always ready to service and repair your vehicle.  Our shop takes pride in cleanliness and efficiency, while getting your vehicle repaired as quickly as possible.  With the  proper maintenance and care from Wallace Automotive, your Honda or Acura will be with you for a long time.  Service Guarantee We offer a complete 12 mo /12,000 mile replacement warranty on all parts installed on your car. Our  warranty covers the replacement of your part only.  Any warranties on the  parts sold are made by the manufacturers exclusively.  We hereby expressly disclaim all warranties, either expressed or implied, and neither assume for it any liability in connection with the sale of said parts. Get in touch Southside: (804) 897-0700 West End: (804) 501- 0700 Contact Us Online Facebook Visit us on Facebook  2011- 2012 Wallace Automotive. Web Development by Airborne Graphix & Nichrome Creative  