 Car Buying Secrets, Car Buying Advice, How To Avoid Car Dealer Rip-Offs  Scams - How to Buy a New Car, Used Car, Car Leasing, Car Financing, Auto Warranties  More!  Canadian Car Buying Tips | Articles | Insider Car Tips | Questions  Answers | Dealer Horror Stories | Testimonials | About | Contact | Free Credit Score with Enrollment at CreditReport.com! CAR BUYING INFO Home Quick Start Guide Search This Site NEW CAR INFO New Car Price Quotes New Car Buying Tips New Car Leasing Tips USED CAR INFO Used Car Guide Used Car Buying Tips Used Car Negotiating Car Trade Tactics Free CARFAX Record Check CAR SELLING INFO How To Sell Your Car Classified Ad Sites FINANCING INFO Car Financing Tips Bad Credit Auto Loans CAR WARRANTY INFO Extended Warranty Tips Free Warranty Quote CAR INSURANCE INFO Car Insurance Tips Gap Insurance MORE VALUABLE INFO Insider Car News Car Care Tips MISC INFO Site Map Privacy Policy Contact Information  Free CARFAX Record Check INSIDER SECRET #18 EXTENDED AUTO WARRANTY SECRETS CONSUMER ALERT: Car dealers will mark-up the price of an extended auto warranty as much as $2,000 and more! And if that's not bad enough let me WARN YOU.... There are Very Few extended auto warranty companies out there that are worth the paper they are written on! Yes, an extended car warranty is a smart investment if you choose the right company and don't pay the inflated dealership prices. The price of a single repair job could easily cost as much or more than the cost of a complete quality extended warranty. To find out more about how to keep from getting ripped off click: Auto Extended Warranty Tips  INSIDER SECRET #2 ABOUT YOUR CAR LOAN PAYOFF. . . The payoff is the amount of money remaining on YOUR car loan! This is money that YOU owe! The car dealer doesn't owe it! You do! So, when you trade in your vehicle, the payoff balance must be paid off, or the bank will not release your title to the car dealer you're trading to! Read more. . . INSIDER SECRET #4 WHAT ARE PROGRAM CARS? Dealers often advertise Program Cars in theirads. Program Cars are usually advertised as Smart Cars, or Factory Official Cars or Factory Demo's. They are usually one or two year old vehicles with 30,000 miles or less onthem. Read more...  INSIDER SECRET #10 BEWARE OF THE SPOT DELIVERY The spot delivery is a technique that car dealers use to get you to take delivery of a vehicle immediately after you agree on a car deal. Car sales people know they have to get you when you're HOT, or when you're all worked up emotionally. Everything is Now, Now, Now! In the Car Business There's No Tomorrow! The F  I Manager will throw together some bank papers for you to sign, and then, usually, after you're down the road, he'll get the deal approved at the bank, and hope they go along with the rate and terms that he signed you up for! If they can't get the loan bought anywhere then they have to get the car back from you! Not a pleasant situation for them or you! Read more... INSIDER SECRET #16 DON'T MENTION YOU HAVE A TRADE Car sales people hate it when you don't tell them you have a trade until after you negotiate a price on the caryou want to buy! (A basic technique of theInsiderCarSecrets Brigade!) You know why? Because you've just backed theminto a corner. Now they have to tell you what they are reallygoing to give you for your car, and you'reprobably not going to like it much! If you tell them from the beginning they will try to get you to believe that they are giving you more for your trade than they are really giving you. This is done by manipulating the sales figures on the buyer's order. It's kind of like playing a numbers shell game! Read more... INSIDER SECRET #7 CAR SALESMEN'S SLANG. . . An Up is someone who walks on the car lot. A customer! A Get-Me-Done is somebody who has borderline credit at best, and will take almost any vehicle at any terms just to get financed. A Laydown is a customer who buys at whatever price the salesperson quotes. The Bump is where the Sales Manager sends the salesperson back out to get a higher price, or to Bump the customer for more money! A Lowball is an unrealistically low price that the salesperson gives the customer before the customer leaves to shop price at another dealer. Read more. . .  Welcome To InsiderCarSecrets.com Thanks for visiting my website! My name is Tony Iorio. I am a 37 year veteran of the car business. If you want to learn how to buy a new or used car at the lowest possible price with the best car financing available . . .without being badgered and ripped-off at every turn, then you're in the right place. You will also learn how to trade a car even if you owe money on it, the best time to buy a car, How to try to get a car loan with bad credit, how to avoid problems when financing your car through a dealer, what goes on behind the scenes in a car dealership during a car deal and many other aspects of the car buying process. You will find no theory here - only actual proven facts from my own hands on car dealership experience! Most car dealers and car sales people are honest folks, but you must remember. . . Car Sales People, Sales Managers and Finance Managers all work on commission. They are thinking about their pay checks first when selling you a vehicle and arranging car financing for you! You should also be aware that many car dealers train their sales staffs in a Dedicated Professional Selling System designed to manipulate you into making an emotional car buying decision before you have a chance to think it through. So Be Prepared! Explore this website. There are hundreds of pages of car buying secrets and car buying advice here. Information and tips that will save you thousands of dollars, tons of time and a whole lot of aggravation in your quest to buy and trade a vehicle! Some Emails From My Website Visitors: I'm a General Sales Manager of a large dealership. You obviously do have the experience in your explanations of how the whole automobile industry machine works. To anyone buying a car you offer solid helpful advice. Best Regards, James Hi Tony, "Just thought I'd drop you a line to let you know I bought my car today, and I couldn't have done it without your advice and information. I was dreading the whole experience, but thanks to you I DON'T feel as though I got taken....I almost feel a little guilty! "As you say Tony, you can save thousands of dollars if you take the time to be informed. It worked for me! I'm grateful for your information and your support....BIG HUG!!!.... "Thanks again Tony!" Sue Hello Tony, This is just a note to thank you for your website and all the work you have obviously done to create it . . . Read full note and my answer here! Emails I've Received From Car Sales People! The Good . . . The Bad . . .  The Ugly! Some Very Illuminating Stuff! You Just Have to Read Some of These Emails! Read My Most Recent Posts and Articles: This is Such a Heart-Wrenching Story. A Classic Example of How Some (Not All) Car Dealerships are Willing to Take Advantage of Someone (in This Case an Elderly Woman) for the Sake of the Almighty Car Deal! It's a Sad State-of-Affairs to be Sure, and it Really Ticks Me Off!! I Purchased a Car From a Buy Here-Pay Here Car Dealer, and They Have Not Produced a Title in 11 Months! What Can I Do? This Finance Manager Says "It Doesn't Matter That the Things I Say are True!" He Says "I'm Still a Jackass and a Disgrace to the Industry!!" Legitimate Charges Car Dealers Can Pass Along For Title and Registration Processing Fees? This Customer Bought a New Car, and Now Has a Serious Case of Buyer's Remorse! Needs Advice on How to Get Out of the Deal! This Person Wants to Know How To Cancel a Car Extended Warranty & Other Add-On Products Without Being Penalized by the Car Dealer? Imagine That?! You Won't Believe What This Car Dealer Tried to Pull on This Woman! Just Unbelievable! This is One Pathetic Car Dealer! What Happened to These Folks is so Typical. I Hear This Scenario All the Time. Read it and Learn From it! Some of Our Popular Articles  Information Pages BEWARE OF THIS TACTIC! Beware of the Spot Delivery! - There's no tomorrow in the car business. Everything is Now, Now, Now! This is to your detriment, so Beware! NEW! Car Rebates and How They're Applied to a Car Deal - The incentives or rebates available on whatever vehicle you're interested in should in no way get in your way, or confuse things when negotiating a car deal. NEW! How the Pay-Off for Your Trade-In Works! - Trading a car with a payoff can be very confusing to many people. This article will take the mystery out of it! NEW! Your Vehicle's Trade-in Value: The Real Truth! - Ever wonder how car dealers can give you ridiculous amounts for your trade? NEW! A Peek Behind Closed Doors in the Car Sales Manager's Office - What Goes on During a Car Deal! - If you've ever wondered what the car sales person is doing when he or she is running back and forth between the Sales Manager's office and the customer then read this! NEW! Car Sales People Want You Under the Influence of Ether! - Beware of being put in a trance or under the ether when being sold a car! NEW! Why Do Car Dealers Always Insist on a Cash Deposit? - Learn why car dealers insist on a cash deposit. Surprise! It's not to secure the vehicle you have agreed to buy! NEW! Don't Allow Yourself To Become a Victim of Buyer's Remorse! - Good old fashioned, down-home advice! Don't put yourself in a position where you want to back out of a car deal after you've signed contracts and given deposits! THIS INFORMATION COULD SAVE YOU THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS! The Most Closely Guarded Secret in the Car Business! - Don't Enter a Car Dealer Without This Knowledge! The Best Time To Buy Your New or Used Car! - Use these strategies to save yourself a ton of money. How The Car Dealership's Selling System Manipulates You Into Buying a Car. . .TODAY! - This is a Must Read! Sleazy Car Dealer Tactics and What to Watch For! - Vitally Important Information! Car Dealer Ads...Revealing the Truth Behind the Lies! NEW! Tips and Insight on All Aspects of How to Buy a Vehicle! - This page is a gateway to all the hard hitting information on this website! NEW! Articles & Tips For Saving Money on Gas For Your Vehicle! - Gas prices are no joke anymore. Families are being hurt by the outrageous prices. These articles will help you to get the most out of every gas dollar you spend! ALERT! Some Used Car Buying Scams That Have Been Reported by Website Visitors. - Don't Buy a Used Car Over the Internet Without Reading These Stories First. NEW! 10 Tips to Keep You From Getting Ripped-Off With Car Dealer Arranged Auto Financing! - These are vital tips you must know before you have a car dealer arrange your auto financing, and before you trade in a vehicle with an outstanding loan payoff! NEW! 6 Common Sense Car Buying Tips! - Some Common Sense Ideas to Help You Make an Intelligent Car Buying Decision Without Getting Ripped-Off! How To Get Car Financing With Bad Credit! - Millions of People Have Credit Problems - Read This For Help in Getting a Car Loan! NEW! Getting a Great Car Deal -- Some Basic Tips to Help You! - Here are some good, basic, common sense car buying tips to help you when you go to look for a vehicle. NEW! How To Calculate Your Vehicle's Miles-Per-Gallon! - In case you need help figuring out your vehicle's gas mileage - here's the formula! JUST UPDATED! Read Our Very Popular Questions  Answers Section - Relevant Questions by Our Website Visitors Answered by Yours Truly! JUST UPDATED! Also Read Our Very Popular Car Dealer Horror Stories Section - True Stories Sent in by Our Website Visitors That Will Just Leave You Shaking Your Heads in Disbelief! NEW! Things Car Buyers Do That Car Sales People Hate! - Guaranteed to drive car sales people crazy! Click Here for a List of All Articles... Insider Car Secrets  Tips on How to Buy a New Car! Car Buying Secrets and Advice on How to Buy a New or Used Car! Always Remember. . . Two people can walk into the same car dealership and buy identical new cars, but the one who is unprepared may end up paying THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS more than the other! This is a fact-of-life in the car business! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED! Get New Car Price Quotes FIRST . . .Before You Make a Car Deal! BEFORE you step one foot in the car dealer's showroom to buy that new or used car, be sure you know what you want to buy, and how much you are willing to pay for it! It's the only way you can stay in control of the car buying process! Do it any other way and it will cost you thousands of dollars extra! If you don't get anything else from this web site Please Remember This: When you are negotiating a new car price. . .or even a used car price for that matter. . .know ahead of time how much you are willing to pay for that vehicle. Keep the Negotiations Centered on the New Car or Used Car Selling Price. DON'T let the car salesperson talk you into negotiating based on trade-in value or on monthly payments. Once you do this you have lost control of the deal and the salesperson gets the upper hand! ...and once the salesperson gets the upper hand you will pay thousands of dollars more than you should have to! Before you go in to buy that new or used car you must know the following: How much are you willing to pay for that new car or used car that you want? How much is car financing going to cost you? Ideally, you should have your financing arranged in advance! For more information go to Car Financing Information . For more information regarding all aspects of car financing and how to handle your payoff on your trade visit my other site at Car-Loan-Quotes.com You can research the vehicle you want, including getting the dealer invoice amount and a free price quote by going to the top rated sites listed below: Edmunds.com TrueCar.com CarsDirect.com If you live in Canada go to: Canadian Resources And Always Remember: Never Buy a Used Car Without First Getting a Free CARFAX Record Check on the Vehicle. Never! Insider Secrets  Tips About Auto Loans and Financing DON'T get taken advantage of in the dealer's Car Finance Office, also known as the F  I Office or the Business Office. This is the car dealer's Most Lucrative Profit Center! DON'T BE FOOLED! Their goal is to arrange your car financing and have you walk out with the highest monthly payment possible. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED! It's Real Simple! If you let the auto dealer arrange your new car or used car financing you WILL pay dearly! NOW, HEAR ME. . . If you let the car dealer handle your new car or used car financing you'll probably end up paying $2000 to $3000 Too Much! I'm talking to you from my many years of experience as an auto dealer Finance Manager! Believe me when I tell you that I know what goes on in the Finance Office....and it isn't pretty! If You don't believe me read the following article I've written: The Most Closely Guarded Secret in the Car Business! The wise move on your part would be to arrange your car financing in advance. You can do this in as little as 15 minutes right here on this web site. Believe me, It Will Save You BIG MONEY! Below Are My Top Recommendations for Getting Car Loans! You are Under No Obligation to Accept Any of Their Offers. Get Your Free Car Financing Quotes Now, Compare  Save! The following is an excellent source for auto loans for people with an Excellent all the way to a Bad Credit Rating: AutoLoanSolutions Here are three excellent sources for people who have a Poor or Bad Credit Rating: AutoLoanSoup , and MyAutoLoanFinder.com Here's an excellent source for Refinancing your current auto loan: RoadLoans.com The lenders above specialize in helping individuals with bad credit to obtain car financing for the purchase of new or used vehicles. Apply to them and compare. You're under no obligation to accept any of their offers. Free Credit Score + 7-day Free Trial of 3-Bureau Credit Monitoring with Enrollment at CreditReport.com! Insider Secrets  Tips About New  Used Extended Auto Warranties Did You Know that Car Dealers Will Mark-Up the Price of a New Car or Used Car Extended Warranty $400 to $2,000 and MORE? Before you consider getting an extended auto warranty please read the valuable and money saving information at the following link: The Real Facts About Extended Auto Warranties and How to Buy One Without Getting Ripped-Off! If You're in a Hurry Click on the Following Links and Get Free, Discounted Extended Auto Warranty Price Quotes: Extended-Vehicle-Warranty.com & Endurance Vehicle Protection  Most Popular Resources for FREE Info  Quotes!  Car Buying Info  FREE Price Quotes: Edmunds.com CarsDirect.com TrueCar.com Car Leasing Info: Expert Lease Pro SwapaLease.com Car Loan Info  Payment Quotes: For Excellent Credit to Bad Credit AutoLoanSolutions For Poor Credit AutoLoanSoup MyAutoLoanFinder For Auto Refinancing RoadLoans.com Auto Warranty Info FREE Price Quotes: ExtendedCarWarranty Endurance Vehicle Protection FREE Auto Insurance Quotes: GEICO.com 21st.com Sell Your Vehicle on These High Traffic Classified Ad Sites: AutoTrader.com eBay Motors eBay.caMotors Don't Forget These Great Services: CreditReport.com! CARFAX INSIDER SECRET #15 WOMEN...THE DECISION MAKERS! Here's an Important Little Tidbit for You: Did you know that in almost 80% of the cases where married couples buy a new or used vehicle that it is the woman who calls the shots and makes the final decision? Sorry Guys, but It's True! Women in particular are distrustful of car salespeople...especially used car salespeople! When a women is shopping for a car alone she is often told to come back with her husband without the salesperson ever knowing if she is actually married or not! Read more... INSIDER SECRET #1 BEWARE OF THE F  I or FINANCE OFFICE! The Finance Dept. in the dealership, otherwise known as the Business Office or the F Dept. has only ONE JOB; To make sure you walk out with the HIGHEST PAYMENT POSSIBLE! What the public doesn't realize is that the dealership makes as much, and often more money in the Finance Office than it does on the actual sale of the vehicle! Read more...  INSIDER SECRET #11 BEWARE OF THE CAR DEALERSHIP'S SELLING SYSTEM! Most dealerships train their salespeople in a Selling System that is designed to lead youthrough the car buying process in such a manner that you don't realize that you are being manipulated and led down the Yellow Brick Road to the sale! This system takes on different variations. Forexample, the Ten-Step, the Eight-Step, the Four-Square and so forth, but the end result isalways the same. To get you to make an emotionalbuying decision right there on the spot! INSIDER SECRET #6 WHAT IS DEALER HOLDBACK? Now understand this: Even if the car dealership sells you a vehicle at dealer cost or invoice, they are still making money! The factory gives them what is called holdback on each new vehicle sold. On a vehicle that stickers for $30,000 the holdback could be as much as $800 to $900! Now, don't get too excited just yet! Read more...  INSIDER SECRET #5 CREDIT INACCURACIES. . . Having spent part of my career as a FinanceManager in several car dealerships I often encountered people with glitches on their credit reports. In many of those cases the glitches were inaccuracies of various sorts. The customers had no idea these discrepancies existed. In some cases they were denied credit due to this inaccurate information. Read more. . . INSIDER SECRET #20 THE BEST TIME TO BUY A CAR The best time to buy a new or used car or truck is: 1. The Weekend, Including Monday Nights! These are the busiest times of the week in a car dealership. Most promotions are geared for these times. 2. The End of the Month! During the last few days of the month the sales manager and the salespeople are all very motivated to put together as many deals as they can, so they can make their quota and bonus. 3. The End of the Model Year! When the new models are rolling in, the car dealers desperately want to get rid of their leftover models as soon as possible. As such, they are very likely to accept almost any reasonable deal that you offer them on these vehicles. Read more... INSIDER SECRET #19 GAP INSURANCE Did you know when you drive your new car off the dealer's lot your car has most likely lost 20% to 30% of its value? If you put less than a 20% down payment on your car, there's a good chance you need Gap Insurance . Gap insurance covers the difference between the value of your car and what you actually owe on it in case your vehicle is declared a "total loss" by your insurance company. Without Gap insurance coverage you could end up owing thousands of dollars on your car loan after your car is long gone! How would you like to still owe $5,000 on a car that sits in a junk yard having been declared a total loss by your insurance company? Read more...  INSIDER SECRET #3 BEWARE OF CAR DEALER ADS. . . It never ceases to amaze me how so many people fall for the phony nonsense that car dealers put in their ads! Yet week after week you see the most outrageous ads run by the car dealers. And let me tell you, those big color newspaper ads aren't cheap! Whatever you think the ads are saying, Don't Believe Them! There's a catch, an angle or something misleading in MOST car ads. I emphasize MOST because there ARE honest dealers out there who have too much integrity to pull some of the shenanigans that go on! By the way. . . the sole purpose of all the gimmicks you see in car ads, is to get you in the door at the dealership, and not let you leave until you buy a vehicle. Read more. . .  Insider Car Secrets | New Car Price Quotes | How To Buy a New Car | Car Leasing Tips | Car Financing Tips | Extended Auto Warranty Tips Copyright 2000 - 2012 TIMARK Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved Worldwide. No Portion of This Web Site May Be Reproduced In Any Form, Without Written Permission From the Publisher. Please Read Our Disclaimer Statement . I Commit and Dedicate My Work on This Website to the Lord My God According to Proverbs 16:3 