  Tweet Austin | Dallas | Houston  Home Arts/Entertainment THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 Johnny Depp makes waves in small Texas town for a weekend of Gulf Coast fishing 2 Inprint's literary world tour begins at home: UH novelist Robert Boswell explores Tumbledown lives 3 The ultimate Reality series: Cult '90s classic set in Houston may be headed to TV  Longtime Houston Symphony conductor heckled and booed for lame Mozart: No love for Eschenbach City Life THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 Gayborhood saved? Iconic Montrose bars not closing for apartment development, owners say 2 A Bold relationship: iPhone and androids can't compare with three-year-old BlackBerry 3 A doggone good plug-in turns every webpage into a pug celebration Everyone hates Texas? It's deemed America's least favorite state in new national poll Fashion/Style THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 Houston designer creates costumes for Justin Timberlake's big number at the VMAs 2 Cutting-edge jean jackets: Old style finds new life with chic moms 3 "Mom" jeans can be sexy: Stylish, figure-flattering denim for any shape Hip to be square: Houston designer seeks funding for innovative T-shirt Food/Drink THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 New Market Square hotspot unleashes a special $12 menu — drinks included — for one-night only 2 A burger guy reveals how he built a mini Houston restaurant empire and defied the business odds 3 Houston's best barbecue: 10 restaurants that show Austin isn't the only land of great 'cue Venerable Houston restaurant shakes things up with a cocktail master — and a revamped menu Home/Design THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 As the good times roll again, over-the-top restaurant evokes memories of Houston's boomtown years 2 Plants love coffee: And other crazy good gardening advice from horticulture experts 3 Fancy new office tower pulls out all the art stops: Yes, that's an art car in the lobby The Apple Store's secret bathroom: You need an escort to go potty in tech giant's glassy realm Real Estate THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 CityCentre cannot be contained: Mixed-use complex gobbles up a nearby hotel 2 University of Houston-Downtown launches construction of $16.5 million welcome center/garage 3 Montrose makeover continues: Fashion boutique closes, fast-food redo, candle shop replaces Buyers Club Home-buying frenzy: Houston sales hit new record as supply crisis eases Social Scene THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 Ted Cruz and Annise Parker dream big at Greater Houston Partnership gala  2 This River Oaks home is the perfect setting for the ultimate Texas art party 3 Back-to-school fashion show features M.D. Anderson Children's Cancer Hospital patients and docs Old young professionals rock Little Woodrow's: This group shows staying power Sports THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 Chip Kelly lite: Gary Kubiak must embrace high-speed offense — and unleash monster Andre Johnson 2 Sean Payton's true secret: The Bountygate comeback run promises an even more innovative offense 3 Case Keenum setback? T.J. Yates gets a big boost in Texans QB battle More than Arian Foster's handcuff: Ben Tate looks like best backup in the NFL, future star Travel THE LATEST SECTION HIGHLIGHT SPONSORED BY: 1 Marfa by Design: Fall weekend in west Texas arts mecca highlights desert living 2 Carnivores rejoice! Meatopia brings all-star lineup to Texas for the first time 3 Escaping cellphone society: In this throwback town, homemade signs rule the land Scariest amusement park ride ever? Kemah looks to push things and make you fly   Home  Arts/Entertainment Book gift guide Sex, satire, fashion, food & literature: Nice and naughty books for everyone on your list By Tarra Gaines 12.19.12 | 1:48 pm Enlarge Slideshow Enlarge Slideshow Hugo Ortegas Street Food of Mexico Photo by Penny de los Santos  Enlarge Slideshow Enlarge Slideshow Enlarge Slideshow Enlarge Slideshow  Share Tweet EMail Pin Brazos Bookstore Brazos Bookstore Get Directions - 2421 Bissonnet St. Houston Blue Willow Bookshop  Blue Willow Bookshop Get Directions - 14532 Memorial Dr. Houston With less than a week left for holiday shopping, we at CultureMap would like to offer a happy medium between street brawls in Target and Neiman Marcus and just giving up and throwing gift cards at loved ones. How about a nice book? The well-selected, gifted book literally and sometimes literarily tells a story to the receiver and has the ability to send many messages. I love you. I know you so well. I understand what you like. Please stop trying to force me to read 50 Shades of Grey . So with a little help from our favorite independent bookstores, here is the CultureMap definitive, but completely random, book gift guide. Contemporary literary reader For the contemporary literary reader with shelves of signed copies and tales of meeting authors, pick up Michael Chabons Telegraph Avenue . Chabon will be in Houston Jan. 28 for the first Inprint reading of the new year, so the book, a pen, and event ticket might be the perfect choice for this reader. Movie lover For the movie lover whos just not into books, let him know Hollywood is with a gift basket filled with The Life of Pi , Cloud Atlas , Les Misrables (the book turned musical, turned movie), Anna Karenina , Jack Reacher , Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln , and The Hobbit . Do readers imaginations project at a 48-frames-a-second or 24? Teen reader If instead youre shopping for a teen reader who wants to get into the next big series before the rest of the world flocks to the obligatory movie, Blue Willow Bookshops Valerie Koehler suggests the Legend series by Marie Lu , who used to call Sugar Land home. Post apocalyptic novels are still very hot this year. In this one, the main character is a teen who is slated to become an assassin and things turn treacherous when she is sent to kill a boy who may or may not have killed her brother. Lots of action which appeals to all teens, says Koehler. Food lover Need a gift for a foodie who always buys locally? Try a cookbook by a favorite local chef. Hugo Ortegas Street Food of Mexico is not only filled with his favorite recipes, but he includes personal stories to savor with each dish. Fashionista If that fashionista in your life loves the behind-the-scenes drama of the industry as much as the clothes, find some sophisticated gift wrap for Grace: A Memoir by GraceCoddington, the woman who managed to steal the spotlight from Anna Wintour in not one but two documentaries about Vogue . Hipster satire-lover Give the gift of historical irony to your favorite hipster satire-lover by pairing Stephen Colberts latest, America Again: Re-becoming the Greatness We Never Werent , with some ancient school Gullivers Travels because if Jonathan Swift were alive today, hed no doubt have his own Super PAC. Bibliophile For the bibliophile who refuses to buy an e-reader and is looking for validation, Brazos Bookstore manager Jeremy Ellis recommends Chris Wares Building Stories : An oversized box of 27 different booklets, each with a different format and point-of-view. This is a book to wade through rather than read start to finish. An eEdition would not be the same. Lovable luddite And if that lovable luddite reader is raising little ones, Valerie Koehler recommends In My Den by Sara Gillingham because you cant download the felt finger puppet that comes with the board book and then poke it through a Kindle. Future forecaster For the gambler, baseball stats lover, and fortune-teller in your life, let them know that the future can sometimes be forecast with The Signal and the Noise: Why Most Predictions Fail but Some Dont , the new book by this nations recently chosen math-nerd-in-chief, Nate Silver . An alternative to 50 Shades of Grey And finally for that sweet, budding-sadist friend who wont stop insisting you have to read 50 Shades of Grey , Brazos Bookstore recommends The Story of O by Pauline Reage. Written in 1954, The novel, originally published in French, is described as a story of love and submission. It won the French literary prize that year and has been in print ever since, says Ellis, who also suggests Exit to Eden , Anne Rices SM romance written under her pseudonym Anne Rampling. If those suggestions dont send the message, throw a hardback copy of Henry Millers Tropic of Cancer your best friends head. Carrie Fisher would approve. Related News 8.26.13 Johnny Depp makes waves in small Texas town for a weekend of Gulf Coast fishing 8.24.13 Inprint's literary world tour begins at home: UH novelist Robert Boswell explores Tumbledown lives 8.24.13 The ultimate Reality series: Cult '90s classic set in Houston may be headed to TV 8.24.13 Longtime Houston Symphony conductor heckled and booed for lame Mozart: No love for Eschenbach 8.24.13 Texas Biennial embraces Houston's art fever: City supplants Austin as the No. 1 stop Comments Related Events 08.29.13 The Texas Observer Does Poetry with Gwendolyn Zepeda 09.11.13 Camp For All book signing: The Book of Questions by Gregory Stock Related City Guide Listings Brazos Bookstore Share Tweet EMail Pin   Home | About Us | News Tips  Suggestions | Submit An Event | Advertise | Terms  Conditions | Privacy Policy | Turn Mobile View On  2009-2013 CultureMap LLC. All Rights Reserved.  Houston news, views + events  Special offers + exclusive deals  News you can eat  Curated experiences at exclusive prices  We will not share or sell your email address Please verify your e-mail by following the link we just sent you. Look for an e-mail from CultureMap mailer@culturemap.com Catch Ted Cruz and Wendy Davis at Texas Tribune Festival Harry Connick, Jr. returns to Jones Hall this Fall RSVP to Dine Around Houston with Fusion Taco   