 Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates  Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying  Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling  Events Car Maintenance  Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips  Tools Loan Tips  Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums  Home | Car News | First Look: 2014 BMW 4 Series is a 3 Series Coupe by Another Name First Look: 2014 BMW 4 Series is a 3 Series Coupe by Another Name By Jacob Brown [ G+ ] | June 14, 2013 COMMENTS  33 PHOTOS 4 Series? Whats a BMW 4 Series? Never heard of it. BMW has been keeping its sedans, wagons, and utilities at odd numbers while moving its coupes and coupe-like things to even numbers. Because its a lot easier to tell someone he or she should pay more for a higher number. Thats why the 2014 BMW 4 Series exists; the new 4 Series Coupe represents something more than its BMW 3 Series cousins3+1, if you will is how the automaker explains it in the puffery of its literature. Alas, the BMW 3 Series coupe isnt coming back; youre going to see a high-performance BMW M4 sooner or later with a turbocharged six-cylinder pumping out north of 420 horsepower sooner or later. In the meantime, we have the 2014 BMW 428i and 435i to satiate the desires of the North American market, representing BMWs latest coupe offerings to fend off the Mercedes-Benz C-Class coupe, Audi A5, Cadillac CTS coupe and upcoming ATS coupe , and more. BMW has been the top dog in the segment for a while nowa segment it practically created back in the late-1960s with the inception of the 2002 coupe. Now, it looks to heighten its image and push the 4 Series into a higher echelon. Whats New Previewed by the BMW Concept 4 Series that debuted at the Detroit Auto Show in January, the production version isnt quite as wild, toning down the look of its bumpers and interior. But its all basically the same vehicle, stretched one inch longer to 182.6 inches total, with two inches added between the wheels (110.6 inches) for greater passenger comfort versus the outgoing BMW 3 Series coupe. The 2014 4 Series roofline is a smidge lower, and the car is a full 1.7 inch wider, all of this going to make the car look sportier and meaner than the outgoing coupe. Other nifty touches are available the Luxury, Sport, and M Sport trim lines that outfit the cars with specific details exclusive to their respective trims. For instance, the M Sport will have a sportier suspension tuning and more powerful brakes than any of the other 4 Series models, delivering the racy character expected from the marque. BMW connoisseurs will note that the Modern line will stay on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean. Were not getting it and its odd ribbed, matte-finish wood. The 2014 BMW 4 Series is set to launch with available full-LED headlights with automatic high-beam adjustments that keep one beam on at a time as not to blind oncoming traffic, Air Breathers and Air Curtains that better channel air around the wheel arches for improved aerodynamic efficiency, and standard iDrive 4.2, the latest version of the automakers infotainment GUI that is part of the larger ConnectedDrive suite. It comes with a new touchpad for writing out script with your finger. Alas, most of the rest of the car is par for the course versus the 3 Series, only minus two doors. Engine and Drivetrain Like the BMW 3 Series, the 4 Series will be offered with two engine options initially. The 2014 BMW 428i has the same turbocharged 2.0-liter four-cylinder as the 328i, producing 240 horsepower. The 435i will come with the turbocharged 3.0-liter inline-6 that can also be found in the 335i. See? Not a big difference. We do wonder if BMW will put its 180-horsepower engine into the 4 Series in the U.S. eventually, making it a BMW 420i . We hear that would sell like hotcakes in Colorado and Washington state, as well as Venice Beach (as long as  you have a prescription). Both engines come paired to a standard quick-shifting eight-speed automatic transmission, powering either the rear wheels or all of them when optioned with BMWs xDrive. BMW 428i models with xDrive come in automatic only, while all other models can be had with a six-speed manual transmission for those who still prefer DIY driving. Like the 3 Series, the 4 Series will have different driving modes that include Eco Pro, Comfort, Sport, and Sport+. They make the car either better fuel misers or more fun. You cant have your cake and eat it, too, with one mode that does it all. Auto start/stop will also be standard equipment; lets hope BMW has made its action a little smoother in this iteration. BMW claims the 428i will accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in 5.7 seconds with either transmission. The 435i will do the same task in 5.3 seconds with the manual transmission and 5 seconds flat with the auto box. Our Thoughts As much as any of this may sound like criticism, its only because marketers have run amok at what has always been an engineers company. Now we have 4 Series instead of 3 Series coupes, justifying a $1,800 price increase over the outgoing 328i coupe at $41,425 for starters for the 428i. The 435i goes up $900. On the all-wheel-drive front, the 428i xDrive picks up $2,000 over the outgoing base car at $43,425, and the 435i gains $1,200 for a final tally of $48,925, cynically coming without standard leather seats at that price. The 4 Series will hit dealerships by the end of summer. On the plus side, this opens up more room for the upcoming BMW 2 Series coupe down at the bottom. BMWs are still among the best-driving cars on the road, but theyre not as good as they were for the focused driver. The 4 Series looks better than the car it replaces, should be more practical for passengers and cargo with a 15.8 cubic-foot trunk. This car should sell well because nearly every BMW sells well. Were just hoping that BMW keeps on giving us a reason to pick its bread and butter over an Audi or Mercedes-Benz. Driving dynamics have always been its breadwinner. Wed like BMW to continue with that, hopefully rectifying the few shortcomings the current 3 Series has to make the 4 Series an even better car. Source: BMW     Tags: BMW , Coupe , Luxury Car , News More on this Car: Specs, Compare, Safety, Pricing, Reviews, Rebates, Photos, Warranty  Next Article Ford to Develop New Lincoln Models Ford plans to overhaul the Lincoln brand to increase sales. Read more Related Articles 2014 BMW 4 Series Online Configurator Goes Live; Tops Out at $67,049 BMWs online configurator for the 2014 BMW 4 Series coupe has gone live. Read more The BMW Concept 4 Series Coupe: Confusing and Logical The BMW 3 Series is renowned for its performance, but starting next year BMW will discontinue the 3 Series Coupe and Convertible models. How can this be? What blasphemy is this, you ask? Has Munich Read more No More: 2012 Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG Coupe Black Series Sold Out Take a standard Mercedes-Benz C-Class AMG. Decant it of all thats luxurious like comfy seats. Now boost the V-8 by 50 ponies, stiffen the suspension, and add race car-esque features like 19-inch wheels, light rims, Read more  Logout Profile Log in or Register to comment   Tweets by @MyAutomotive  About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content  Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. HALWBBLG9 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes   