 Listen Live Boston.com Home Today's Globe News Your Town Business Sports Lifestyle A Things to do Travel Cars Jobs Real Estate  Buying Selling New car deals Used car deals News & Reviews Locate a dealer  Home / cars / news and reviews Women flex their car buying muscles SUE MEAD Now that more women are behind the wheel, automakers want to influence their choices. This is one reason for the annual Heels and Wheels gathering of female automotive writers and others in the auto business. By Sue Mead / Boston.com Correspondent / August 23, 2013 Comments ( ) E-mail story Print story Buy reprints Whats driving women in the car market today? Its not simply that for the first time in history there are more women licensed to drive than men, but women also control more than $13 trillion in personal wealth today, as compared to $6.5 trillion in 1995. Plus, the average American woman is expected to earn more than the average male by 2020and command up to a whopping $22 trillion in spending power. The ever-growing power of the purse and the shifting role of women in the automotive market were the themes at the third-annual Heels and Wheels event, organized by Overstreet Events and held recently at the Brasada Ranch, in Bend, Oregon. In attendance were female automotive writers, along with the public relations, marketing, and communications staff representing a number of top automakers in the U.S. Also on hand were 10 autos for test drives, ranging from a $150,000 Aston Martin to a $20,000 Dodge Dart GT; this allowed the attendees to evaluate and discuss a wide variety of models and vehicle features. The overall goal of the event was to explore the purchasing power of women, who make more than 85 percent of all consumer decisionsincluding those for cars and technology. According to research by Auto Pacific, women will control two thirds of consumer wealth in the U.S. over the next decade. Other data came from presentations by Kelly Blue Book (kbb.com), the top new-and used-car web site; Cooper Tires; and Chris Barman, one of Chryslers Vehicle Line Executives, who did a walk-around presentation of the 2014 Jeep Cherokee. When it comes to researching and purchasing cars and tires, updated and new facts include the following stats from Cooper Tires, the countrys 4th-largest tire brand: 50-plus-year-old women are the healthiest, wealthiest, and most active generation of women in history; nearly 80 percent of women use the internet for research before making a purchase; women buy 65 percent of all new tires; make 65 percent of new car purchases and 45 percent of light trucks and SUV purchases. Coopers stats show that women request 65 percent of service work to their vehicles; 70 percent of women are buying tires when they are informed they need them, with price as the top consideration, whereas, tire brand was only key to 20 percent of female buyers. Also of note: three-fourths of women polled say they feel misunderstood by car marketers. Considering these facts, its discouraging that automobiles have largely been sold the same way for more than 100 years, despite these noted cultural changes and trends. It was pointed out again this year that auto manufacturers do not have direct control over their franchises staff, sales, and marketing tactics. And, although carmakers still sell mostly androgynous products that are expected to appeal to both sexeswith male themes often dominatingsome positive changes are taking place. In fact, theres lots of good news. More than 500,000 women every month are in-the-market to buy a car within a one-to three-month window. And, although car registrations show 60/40 men to women, recent data reveals the number is often closer to 50/50. Plus, looking at womens choices in cars shows that female buyers have the highest growth in two of the fastest-growing segments in the marketsmall cars and green cars. Although high numbers of women drive SUVs/CUVs and minivans, a higher numbers of men choose sport cars and pickups. Other facts from kbb.com include the information that 82 percent of women will buy, rather than lease; they seek a new car due to the age/mileage of their current vehicle, for better fuel economy or more seats. Overall, regardless of gender, the majority of consumers are aware of most of the technology that is now available as standard or optional vehicle equipment. Women tend to prefer technology equipment that improves safety and 911 assist, while more males than females indicated a GPS/Navigation system as an important feature to consider, according to kbb.com. Further data from kbb.com shows that when considering a new car, womens must haves include quality and dependability; they must feel safe while driving and they care about seat comfort, ride comfort, and handling. Chances are, as this new data reaches the dealership world, there will be more focus on feminizing the car buying experience. Sue Mead is a nationally known automotive writer.  Copyright 2013 Globe Newspaper Company. Comments ( ) E-mail story Buy reprints Print story  LOG IN TO COMMENT Already registered? Just log in: * fields are required E-mail: * Password: * Forgot your password? Please note, if you've previously registered with Facebook on Boston.com, for security reasons, you will be required tocreate a Boston.com password to access the area of the site. Please click here to create your password. Not registered? Signing up is easy: Please take a minute to register. After you register and pick ascreen name,you can publish your comments everywhere on the site. Posting Policy . Register  Your comment issubject to the rules of our Posting Policy This comment may appear on your publicprofile. PublicProfile FAQ  More articles in News and reviews Inside Boston.com Crime game How Boston’s most feared criminals made their money iPhone Rumors What to expect from the unveiling of the latest iPhone College Dos and Don’ts 18 things you definitely do not need to bring to college Lobster rolls in Mass. Explore 20 top destinations for delectable lobster rolls  Home Today's Globe News Business Sports Lifestyle AE Things to Do Travel Cars Jobs Real Estate Local Search Contact Boston.com Help Advertise Work Here Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Terms of Service Newsletters Mobile RSS Feeds Sitemap Contact the Boston Globe Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Advertise Boston Globe Insiders The Boston Globe Gallery  2013 NY Times Co.    