   home calendar booking services gallery artists videos links venues contact  VIVA MUSIC & CULTURE Behind the scenes of Wonderfox music video! Behind the scenes of Wonderfox music video! news MONTHLY SHOWS COMING SOON! august 22 / 2013 Uploaded with ImageShack.com book a band Do you have what it takes? Would you like to perform at AM Entertainment events? fill out the form and we will be contacting you! click here to fill the form street team Join and promote your band! Click for more info FITTER FITTER ( www.bandfitter.com , www.myspace.com/fitter ) is a fearless band from Los Angeles, CA. FITTER expresses freedom in their musical direction and songs. Their latest release “Through the Green Jungles of Plenty…” (Red Star Penguin) encases their evolution and shines bright with ingenuity. FITTER’s music has been featured on national/international television, radio, and press outlets such as Mun2, TCS (Salvadorean Corporate Network), The Travel Channel, LATV, La Opinion, KPFK, KXLU, Kill Radio, Al Borde, Brave New Foundation’s Facebook Series “Cuentame” and others. FITTER's .. NEXT EVENT:  August 2013 M T W T F S S 1 2 3 A Entertainment & Humble Media Present: "RITMO" Featuring DJ SLOEPOKE Plus Special Surprise Band 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 street team Join and promote your band! Just send us your email and we will send you infor of all our events and more! AM (Art  Music) Entertainment is an independently owned company that has been producing and promoting events since 2003 with bilingual L.A. based ska, cumbia, punk, rock, reggae, funk and soul bands. In addition, the company offers promotional services, such as photography, event planning, marketing, email blasts, graphics, printing and street team promotions. AM Entertainment also supports ARTISTS  PHOTOGRAPHERS by giving them a place to display their Art/Photography at every event showcased by AM Ent. Supporting the Underground World Of Music™ (Since 2003) We book all styles of music. We also book private parties, events, and major label showcases. AM Entertainment has produced events with International acts such as: Victimas del Dr. Cerebro, Tex Tex and La Internacional Sonora Show. Local artists are often given opportunities to open for such artists. We have booked over 400 local bands in our roster. Home / Calendar / Booking / Services / Gallery / Artists / Videos / Links / Venues / Contact Art and Music Entertainment Company All Rights Reserveved  2003 - 2013 