  DropDown Home About Us About The School News Faculty/Staff APA in the Press Facilities Accomplishments Transfer Policy Join APA - Auditions Student Portal AUDITIONS FOR 14-15 SCHL YR APA Jr/APA Kids Handbook Class Schedule Leadership Opportunities Student Services Academy Awards Testing Dates Scholarships Second Stage Shows Helpful Links Guilds Film Festival Information Departments Dance Music Media and Entertainment Technology Orchestral Music Musical Theatre Theatre Technical Theatre Events 2013/14 Show Schedule Calendar List of Events Past Shows Media Photos Videos APA Foundation Mission Statement APA Scholarships History Newsletters Past Seasons/Shows Alumni Lounge Photo Galleries Where Are They Now? Contact Login Music Media and Entertainment Technology (MMET) (Formerly the Commercial Recording Arts Department) Our goal is to give students the necessary knowledge to compose, record and perform their own songs. Students will understand the historic and cultural connection that music plays in our current world and we will encourage creativity and innovation through the integration of digital tools for music production and promotion into our standard based curriculum. All MMET students will be encouraged to play the guitar, piano and sing by their senior year. Students will acquire a basic level of music theory and a mastery of Garageband , Logic , Reason  ProTools software. Students will also be exposed to 21st century communication skills and have a multitude of performance opportunities and create a digital portfolio to be presented during their Senior Interview. Guitar The HBHS Guitar class is a year-long pre-APA course that satisfies the UC A-G Fine Arts requirement for university acceptance. Beginning students will acquire Level I and Level II guitar skills. They will be able to play open position chords, moveable chords, major and minor scales, and popular songs. Advanced students will embark on an independent study with a unique goal setting rubric designed to help them explore different genres of guitar styles. Songwriting  Recording This year-long course also satisfies the UC A-G Fine Arts requirement for university acceptance. Songwriting  Recording is the first official APA class in the Commercial Recording Arts Department and our students develop a solid understanding of music history (post-war to contemporary) followed by a plethora of performance opportunities and guidance.  Music Technology This is a Coastline/APA ROP class that is part of MMET. Students will learn iLife software their first semester followed by Logic Pro . Performance opporutnities continue throughout the semester and the students w ill also understand the opportunities and business models that are created by new technology.  APA Media Team This is a Coastline/APA ROP class that is part of the MMETt. Students will learn advanced techniques in Final Cut Pro, make their own student films, participate in filming APA mainstage shows, and make videos to promote all aspects of APA. Previous knowledge of TV production and Final Cut reccomended.  1905 Main Street, Huntington Beach, CA 92648 2010 HBAPA. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Notice 