 View Latest THE-LOWDOWN.COM - LATEST FEATURES, EVENTS AND NEWS: Latest Feature Cars , Random Showcases FEATURE: ADV.1 700HP DRAG SUPRA Feature Cars FEATURE: CA18 SIL80 DRIFT MACHINE Feature Cars FEATURE: PAULS TWIN-TURBO LAMBORGHINI Feature Cars SNAPSHOTS: ROTORA R35 GT-R Feature Cars FEATURE: ROYAL TREATMENT JZA80 SUPRA Feature Cars FEATURE: INTERLAGOS BMW Z4M COUPE Feature Cars FEATURE: SUPERCHARGED AUDI R8 TRACK CAR Feature Cars , Random Showcases SNAPSHOTS: MATTE BLACK R35 GT-R Feature Cars FEATURE: 1200HP 1969 CAMARO SS  ARTICLES Build Stories Car Culture Event Coverage Social Meets Track Days World Time Attack Feature Cars Headline Acts International Items News Articles Random Showcases Workshop Profiles PAGES About Contact Garage Jasons 07 CL9 Euro Adams 98 CP9A Evo V Ryans 84 MX73 Cressida SHOP Products Cart Checkout Your Orders DESKTOPS FORUM SHOWCASED CULTURE: STANCE, FITMENT  USDM CAR CULTURE - Words: Ryan Lewis Photos: Philip Nguyen This is a post I put together a few days ago for the JDMST message board. A new sub-forum opened up there specifically for the discussion of Car Culture, and this topic needed to be covered. I thought I would throw it up here and see if it steps on the toes of any TLD readers. Keen to hear feedback through the comments section below. Lets be realistic, the obsession with wheel fitment and stance is more than just a passing fad. Like it or loathe it, its been the catalyst for a series of heated discussions on this forum and others around the world. Followers and devotees have spawned a fleet of dedicated fan-bases in a short space of time such as Stanceworks, Hellaflush, Rimtuck and Slamburglars to name a select few. The exact genesis of the trend is hard to pinpoint, with the essence of the style tracing back to several sources. For all intents and purposes, ‘Stance’ as it stands now is a fashion; it’s lineage does however have some roots in the practical use of wide wheels with low offset. It was commonplace decades ago in motor racing, and it has endured in motorsport as competitive racecars often benefit from the wider track. Having said that, stance is not a direct descendant of this one influence. The use of stretched tyres is now synonymous with the current stance movement, but it was first fashionable amongst modifiers in Japan adhering to the conventions of bosozoku/bippu/shakotan and kaido racer styles. In European car culture we saw wheel fitment become the ‘in thing’ amongst dubbers. This fad was picked up on and spread to the VW scene stateside, and some of the current stance trend has stemmed from both these roots. No doubt that Japanese car culture on the whole was the biggest influence behind the origins of the trend; but the current incarnation of stance as a fashion statement and movement has birthed solely from the USDM re-articulation of these Japanese styles. I would argue that to say the Japanese did it first is not entirely accurate; same goes for the Europeans. Certainly there were trends in both places that lent some techniques to the current movement, and they have had cars with a similar look in the past, but responsibility for the widespread popularity of Stance lies with the market in the United States. Import culture in the US is now in it’s second generation. The first generation can be defined quite accurately by the scene outlined in the film, The Fast  The Furious. This glorified adage to import culture was heavily built upon the aspirations of many modifiers at the time. The scene there has come of age, and I would now say that the stateside import culture is in it’s second generation. The stance movement is firmly rooted in this second phase. Stance by current definition is concerned with both ride height and wheel fitment. Schools of thought on good stance vary greatly, and this can be attributed to the large number of influences affecting it’s current guise. To some the practical implications of wide stance on handling and performance are defining, to others it is about the tough appearance of a wide car, and to others still it is about being the most outrageously low and aggressive with their wheel and tyre combo. The subculture has birthed its own phrasebook of slang and jargon. The words ‘stance’ and ‘fitment’ for starters, along with ‘tuck’, ‘poke’, ‘stretch’, ‘scrub’, ‘flush’, ‘static’ and any number of synonyms for ‘lowered’ (i.e. ‘sacked’, ‘slammed’, dumped’, ‘decked’, ‘railed’, ‘dropped’ etc.) There are several other fashion elements that have come through in this new generation of US car culture alongside the fitment trend. The most prominent are rat-rod styling and retro influenced accessories, along with the enduring trend of quality JDM wheels and parts. Currently the sports compact scene is particularly obsessed with crazy engine builds and/or conversions. In Australia our import culture has changed significantly over the years. Generationally I would say that it looks similar to the United States, with two separate stages in it’s history. The first of these was much more closely linked to what was happening in Japan at the time, whereas our second generation is more influenced by USDM trends than we might care to admit. The conversation in this thread is mostly concerned with the more recent incarnation of stance as a phenomenon, but no doubt discussion of this new wave of USDM culture will take place here as well. This entry was posted on Thursday, November 11th, 2010 at 10:03AM.It is filed under Car Culture .You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.  6 Responses to CULTURE: STANCE, FITMENT  USDM CAR CULTURE Tyrel says: November 11, 2010 at 11:57AM Nice writeup mate, good topic. It was commonplace decades ago in motor racing, and it has endured in motorsport as competitive racecars often benefit from the wider track. It will always be commonplace for a race car to have the widest track/ lowest centre of gravity possible for the most grip possible. Take v8 supercars for example their wheels are flush with the body and the car is as low to the ground as possible. This stance and fitment is seen through out motorsports all over the world from touring cars to nascar, even in rally this is the case which is why I think the new stance/fitment scene will be here to stay. I cant wait for tyre companies to start developing new technology to make stretching tyres or running big chamber more safe and practicle for street and even track use.  Ashley says: November 11, 2010 at 12:05PM I dont like the USDM stance movement, As they dont do it properly, there cars dont seem to have class or clean lines. The Americans messed up the whole stance/fitment scene for tuners, they just want to see who can fit the widest wheels under stock bodied cars with minimal body work except a sloppy fender pull, or a cheap bog flare that does not retain the factory lines/fender lip or extend to the door..  Matt f says: November 11, 2010 at 9:50PM To true to true  Benson says: November 27, 2010 at 7:01PM Wow that is a great writeup. Hope you get to write articles like that for ze magazine  Sam says: January 22, 2011 at 9:52AM Seems like a page-and-a-half of stating the obvious. Might be useful if I was trying to explain to my mom or dad why all these crazy a***h***s are obsessed with the size, proportion, angle, etc. of their car jewelry.  Kyle S. says: April 20, 2011 at 7:16AM I have to disagree with Ashley. There are examples of what you mentioned here in the States, however, there are nice and more elegant examples that are receive the VIP moniker. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website SEARCH NEWS DIRECTOR Jason Hanif BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT Michael Zomaya EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Ryan Lewis PRODUCTION Adam Bruce GRAPHICS Melvin Tang CONTRIBUTORS Andrey Moisseyev Berty Nghiem Felix Alim Kory Leung Matthew Everingham Matthew Mead Mitch Hemming Philip Nguyen Sebastian Voll Stefan Trajkovski SPONSORS ADVERTISERS Advertisement Enquiries FOLLOW US AFFILIATES NETWORK Autocult Build Threads Cars Move Us ClubITR Estblshd Fitted Life Freestyle Rides Gorilla Industries Grip Shift Slide Import Bible JDM Style Tuning Street Karnage Street-Cover V2LAB Zen Garage Zero Clearance LINK ARCHIVES Select Month August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 SOCIAL  About We‘re all about clean lines, fresh paint and flush fitment. This is an online showcase for feature cars and automotive events here in Sydney, Australia. READ MORE  Credits Customisation: David Lewis Subscribe to entries Subscribe to comments All content  2013 THE-LOWDOWN  