  Call Us Toll Free 1-866-868-4577  Home View Cart Shipping / Returns Customer Service Order Status Advanced Search  | Samples | FAQs | How To Install | Testimonials | Sponsored Cars | Gift Certificate | Volume Discounts | Articles | Site Index Browse For Parts Acura Alfa Romeo AMC Audi Austin Healey BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Car Chevrolet Truck, Van, SUV Chrysler Datsun Dodge Truck, Van, SUV Dodge Car Eagle Edsel Fiat Ford Truck, Van, SUV Ford Car Geo GMC Truck, Van, SUV Honda Hyundai Imperial International Isuzu Jeep Kia Lincoln Mazda Car Mazda Truck, Van, SUV Mercury MG Mitsubishi Nissan Car Nissan Truck, Van, SUV Oldsmobile Packard Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Renault Saturn Street Rod Subaru Suzuki Toyota Car Toyota Truck, Van, SUV Triumph Volkswagen Volvo The Stock Interiors Advantage We are the Auto Carpet Experts!  Buying from Stock Interiors means one of the largest selections , one of the highest quality custom molded carpets and the most knowledgeable and friendly customer service at a Great Price ! Whether you place your order online, by mail or by phone, your security and privacy are 100% Guaranteed . Some of the Best Custom Vehicle Carpet Prices! Custom Molded Automotive Carpeting Original Molded Fit, Colors and Materials High Quality Auto Carpet materials Large selection of Automotive Carpets Auto Carpets for Cars, Trucks, Vans, SUVs Knowledgeable and Friendly customer service Free Samples on request Read what our customers say about us! Whether you are putting the final touches on a classic show car, or just replacing the family car or truck carpet, your total satisfaction is our #1 goal! All of our vehicle carpet kits include: High quality replacement auto carpet Vehicle Carpet correctly molded to the actual vehicle Floor Pan Over 70 Color Options to chose from for your automotive carpet Heel Pad is welded to the replacement automobile carpet Jute Padding Attached to back of the automotive carpet Wide Variety of Auto Carpet Materials (Cut Pile, Essex Plush Pile, Nylon Loop, 80/20 Loop, Tuxedo) Matching Auto Accessories Available (Door panels, kick panels, wheel wells, floor mats) Optional Mass Back upgrade on most auto carpets What is Mass Back? Stock Interiors is "Your Custom Molded Auto Carpet Source" New To Stock Interiors? If you are new to Stock Interiors, we recommend that you take a moment to read our Frequently Asked Questions page, and our Example Installation Instructions to become familiar with our car carpet and truck carpet and the quality of the product that we sell. We strive to provide the best automobile carpet products and service available, and Your Satisfaction is our #1 Priority! Why Buy From Us? Friendly and Knowledgeable Customer Service 100% Product Fit Guarantee All Products are Made in the USA! High Quality Parts available Completely Secure Transactions We save you Time and Money! Fast Shipping Free Samples for a perfect match We Also Offer! Custom Molded Auto Carpet Heat and Sound Insulation for under your New Car Carpet HushMat Ultra Heat and Sound Insulation Custom Made Floor Mats for Cars, Trucks, and Vans Custom Fit or Trim-To-Fit Auto Trunk Liners Custom molded Rubber Flooring for Cars, Trucks and Vans Cut and Sewn Classic Automotive Carpet Do It Yourself Car and Truck Headliners Custom Molded Dash Covers All Weather Rubber Floor Mats for Trucks, Vans and SUVs Custom fit Automotive Weatherstrip Seals  Toll Free: 1-866-868-4577 Local: 1-864-482-4211 273 Applewood Center Place #329, Seneca, SC 29678 info@stockinteriors.com Privacy Policy Follow Us on Facebook |  Twitter |  Google+ |  Youtube Copyright  2013, Stock Interiors LLC. All rights reserved. - Tuesday, August 27, 2013 16:58 Credit Card Services ------------------------------------------------------Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable informationor placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information andinstructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup--------------------------------------------------------- 