     Zoltek Worldwide | Contact Us | Entec | Sign In   DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd" Products ▼ Panex 35 (High-Strength) Continuous Tow Chopped Fiber Milled Fiber Uni-Directional Fabrics Woven Fabrics Felts Prepreg Pultruded Profiles Panex 30 (High-Purity) Fabrics Yarns Roving Pyron (Fire/Heat Resistivity) Continuous Tow Staple Fiber Felts Applications ▼ Wind Energy Automotive Offshore Drilling Infrastructure CNG / Pressure Vessels Thermoplastic Compounding Marine Energy Storage Friction Resistance Sporting Goods Investor Relations News & Events Carbon Fiber ▼ What is Carbon Fiber? How is Carbon Fiber Made? The History of Carbon Fiber The Future of Carbon Fiber Careers Company ▼ About Zoltek History Locations Contact Us  Zoltek Automotive is a division of the Zoltek Group and was established to develop and assist the expansion of carbon fiber into automotive applications worldwide. Zoltek Automotive offers assistance to companies wishing to develop their capability, using our commercial grade carbon fiber in the fast-expanding, high-volume carbon fiber market.  We also bring together key players in the automotive industry to work on specific programs associated with new innovative processes. Our close links to resin and process companies enables Zoltek Automotive to provide unbiased composite resource to any company, large or small. This front end was made with Panex 35 continuous tow carbon fiber via direct injection molding; it was produced in less than 60 seconds and weighs less than 10 pounds. Zoltek currently has intermediate carbon fiber products available for automotive applications using processes such as Resin Transfer Molding (RTM), Injection Molding, Compression Molding, Sheet Molding Compounding (SMC), and more. Additionally, Zolteks wide range of in-house sizings are designed to suit a wide range of both Thermoplastic and Thermoset materials. Rapid Capacity Expansion  Zoltek has demonstrated the ability to rapidly expand manufacturing and maintain capacity for growing applications. Zoltek can scale our carbon fiber production at a faster rate than any other company in the field. Lowest-Cost, Sustainable Pricing  Zolteks pricing is structured to compete with other primary building materials and is independent from the aerospace industry. Our proprietary carbon fiber technology enables us to manufacture carbon fiber at the best value worldwide. » Read Zoltek Automotive Case Study: 60-Second Cycle Time for Carbon Fiber Automotive Front Ends  Wind Energy Automotive Offshore Drilling Infrastructure CNG/Pressure Vessels Thermoplastic Compounding Marine Energy Storage Friction Resistance Sporting Goods Name Company Email Phone Message   Products Panex 35 Panex 30 Pyron Applications Wind Energy Automotive Offshore Drilling Infrastructure CNG/Pressure Vessels Thermoplastic Compounding Marine Energy Storage Friction Resistance Sporting Goods Company Zoltek Companies, Inc., through our wholly owned subsidiaries, engages in the development, manufacture, and marketing of carbon fibers for various applications. Our carbon fibers are used as the primary building material in commercial products. We sell our commercial grade carbon fibers under the PANEX trade name and our oxidized acrylic fiber under the PYRON trade name. Our operations are primarily in the United States, Mexico and Europe and we sell our products worldwide. Today Zoltek products are increasing the energy output of wind turbines, creating more fuel efficient vehicles, and lifting other industries to higher levels of performance. Copyright © 2012 Zoltek Corporation All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy 