 Log Out | Member Center Eagle+ digital subscriptions | E-Eagle | Manage Delivery  91F 95/71 Complete Forecast WEATHER ALERT Home Contact Us Eagle Store About Us Support Buy Photos  Pages Archives RSS Blogs Twitter Newsletters Newspaper in Education Video News Breaking News Local Crime  Courts Nation  World Databases Weather Politics Education Lottery Weird News Video Blogs Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Blogs  Columnists Health Care Energy People Public Records Retail/Development Small Business Sports WSU KSU KU Big 12 State Colleges High Schools Bob Lutz Blogs Thunder Wings Chiefs Royals Outdoors Other Sports Video Opinion Editorials Opinion Line WE Blog Letters Submit a Letter Life Health  Fitness Family Fashion Food Celebrations Home  Garden Pets Religion Travel Columnists Entertainment Books Celebrities Comics Games Restaurants Events More Calendars Horoscopes Movies Music Columnists The Arts TV Listings Obituaries Today's Obituaries FAQ Jobs Post a Resume Local Jobs Search All JobsTV Auto Sell a Car Buy a Car Wichita on Wheels Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Auctions Classifieds Legal Notices Auctions/Estate Sales Pets Find an Ad Place an Ad Find n Save Special Sections Automotive Ads Real Estate Ads All Categories Place an Ad Rate Cards and Celebrations Forms Place an Ad Last updated: 3:07 p.m. Tuesday, August 27, 2013  Kansas.com Web Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH  Life & Entertainment  Entertainment  Newer Older  More Stories Arts (Aug. 23, 2013) August 22 at 6:45 p.m. The fourth annual Clown Carnival, a celebration of the art of clowning, is scheduled for 4 to 7 p.m. Saturday at the Sedgwick County Extension Education Center, 7001 W. 21st St. About 50 clowns will be at the event, which will include games, face painting, train rides, raffles, a silent auction, balloons and more. Admission is free, but activities will cost tickets, which will be sold four for $1. Families also can get one free ticket for each non-perishable food item brought. The food will be donated to the Kansas Food Bank. The event is a fundraiser for Camp Healing Hearts, a bereavement camp for kids who have lost a loved one. For more information, call 316-744-0310. Gig guide (Aug.23) August 20 at 5:04 p.m. No cover charge unless otherwise noted Sunday Arts calendar (Aug. 25) August 21 at 2:11 p.m. Nunsense, musical comedy, 2 p.m. Sun., The Forum Theatre  Performing Arts and Events Center, 147 S. Hillside. Tickets $20. Call 316-618-0444. Event list (Aug. 23, 2013) August 21 at 5:36 p.m. Sedgwick County Zoos first female gorilla has moved in, and visitors can see her now. Kivu, a western lowland gorilla, arrived in late May and has been getting to know her new keepers and surroundings. Kivu, who is 35, was recently introduced to her exhibit mate, Matt, 20. Theyve been spending time getting to know each other in behind-the-scenes areas and now are in the public indoor space. Eventually, they will be introduced to the outdoor exhibit area. The zoo is open daily from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. daily. Admission is $13.95, or $11.95 for ages 62 and over, $8.95 for ages 3 to 11, and free for ages 2 and under. For more information, visit www.scz.org. 'The Butler' serves box-office success at No. 1 By SANDY COHEN, AP Entertainment Writer | August 19 at 10:53 a.m. "Lee Daniels' The Butler" is serving up success at the box office. Best-sellers from Watermark Books and Eighth Day Books (Aug. 18) August 17 at 10:36 p.m. Best-sellers Hesston professors who learn they are cousins to hold book signing, talk at Watermark By Alice Mannette, Eagle correspondent | August 17 at 10:43 p.m. Sometimes truth is indeed stranger than fiction  or maybe just more unbelievable. In their recently released book, Kinship Concealed, two former sociology professors at Hesston College use fiction as a vehicle to tell their familys story. After working together for two years, Sharon Cranford, an African American from Texas, and Dwight Roth, an Amish Mennonite from Pennsylvania, realized they were cousins. On Saturday, they will share their tale at Watermark Books and Cafe. Firefighting, real Tom Sawyer make for lukewarm read By Lois Carr | August 16 at 9:19 p.m. Black Fire: The True Story of the Original Tom Sawyer  and of the Mysterious Fires That Baptized Gold Rush-Era San Francisco by Robert Graysmith (Crown Publishers, 258 pages, $26) Orwell by the letter By Arlice Davenport, The Wichita Eagle | August 17 at 10:18 a.m. George Orwell: A Life in Letters by George Orwell, edited by Peter Davison (Liveright, 560 pages, $35) Sunday Arts calendar (Aug. 18) August 17 at 10:28 p.m. Mary Poppins, musical, presented by Music Theatre of Wichita, 2 and 7 p.m. Sun., Century II Concert Hall. Tickets $22-$60. Call 316-265-3107. Gig guide (Aug. 16) August 15 at 11:59 p.m. No cover charge unless otherwise noted Blues artist Albert Cummings to headline Brickyard concert By Joe Stumpe, Eagle correspondent | August 15 at 7:10 a.m. Albert Cummings has loved Wichita since the first time he performed here, arriving virtually unknown to find a line waiting to see him at the now-closed Roadhouse on North Broadway. Country singer-songwriter Randy Houser to perform benefit concert for Kansas Humane Society By Ed Condran, Eagle correspondent | August 15 at 1:57 p.m. The year couldnt have started any better for Randy Houser. The laid-back singer-songwriter reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart with How Country Feels. He reached that sonic summit for the first time in his career back in January. Music Theatre of Wichitas Mary Poppins brings out the kid in all of us By Bob Curtright, Eagle correspondent | August 10 at 1:37 p.m. Mary Poppins: The Broadway Musical is a big, bright, bouncy surprise that blends the breezy magic of the 1964 Disney film with the darker, more dramatic tones of the original P.J. Travers books about a turn-of-the-century family in dire need of a practically perfect nanny. Dwight Yoakam to perform at Orpheum August 15 at 7:09 a.m. Country singer and movie star Dwight Yoakam will perform at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Orpheum Theatre, 200 N. Broadway. Yoakam is known not only for his cowboy hat and blue jeans but also for hits such as Guitars, Cadillacs and A Thousand Miles From Nowhere. Hes also received acclaim for movies such as Slingblade. His opening act will be Sturgill Simpson. Tribute band Paramount to play the Cotillion August 15 at 7:06 a.m. Salina-based 1980s tribute band Paramount will play at 8 p.m. Friday at the Cotillion, 11120 W. Kellogg. The regionally popular band, headed by vocalists Eddie Light and Kristi Gray, perform hits from 1980s acts ranging from Journey to Rick Springfield to Pat Benatar. Looks That Kill, a Motley Crue tribute band, will open the show. Tickets are $13 at the door. For more information, call 316-722-4201. Newton bakers artisan bread business is on the rise By Denise Neil, The Wichita Eagle | August 14 at 10:19 a.m. A good loaf of crusty artisan bread is difficult to come by in Wichita  odd, many local foodies note, since Wichita is the Wheat States largest city. Great Scot: Highland festival continues August 11 at 7:12 a.m. The Wichita Highland Games and Celtic Festival this weekend at Sedgwick County Park features music and athletes throwing heavy objects such as stones, hammers and telephone poles, traditionally known as a caber toss. Movie Maniac: 24-hour filmmaking race isnt for wimps By Rod Pocowatchit, The Wichita Eagle | August 9 at 10:35 a.m. I hope to be asleep by the time you read this, because I will have participated in Down to the Wire: A 24-Hour Film Race, presented by the Tallgrass Filmmakers Lab and CreativeRush, that started Friday night and concluded Saturday night. & Sons, David Gilberts second novel, is ambitious but overstuffed. By Heller McAlpin, San Francisco Chronicle | August 11 at 7:18 a.m. & Sons by David Gilbert (Random House, 434 pages, $27)  Newer Older   Most read stories New blog posts Man apologizes for stealing poets bust from Wichita State in 1987 South Oliver apartment fire could be complete loss Man trying to leave girlfriend is found in freezer Bob Lutz: When will we media folks wise up about K-State? Kansas State names Jake Waters starting quarterback Rose Hill motorcyclist arrested after chase, crash, fire Cox restructuring its Central Region Kansas drought update: some counties improve, others in emergency status OConnor starts new job in Johnson County DAs office Opinion Line (Aug. 27) Lutz: The art of interviewing WE Blog: Court backs Holder's view on gun law Have You Heard?: Nail Elements to expand in Derby Dining with Denise Neil: It's Iron Chef time at the Old Town Farmers' Market Air Capital Insider: Spirit AeroSystems new CFO's employment agreement includes $525,000 salary, incentives and bonuses Finger on the Weather: Wichita weather: Sunny and warmer Shockwaves: Butler's first swing at recruiting K-Stated: The Week Ahead: Football season is here Search for a job in Top jobs Roofer JB Turner and Sons Roofing and Sheet Metal US-KS-Topeka CNA/HHA Saint Raphael Nursing Services, Inc. US-KS-Wichita PLUMBING BENJAMIN FRANKLIN PLUMBING US-KS-Wichita COMPUTER CREDIT UNION OF AMERICA US-KS-Wichita Director of Theatre/Instructor Coffeyville Community College US-KS-Coffeyville Database Administrator CREDIT UNION OF AMERICA US-KS-Wichita COMPUTER BRADBURY CO., INC. US-KS-Wichita Post a Resume Post a Job See more jobs at CareerBuilder.com News | Business | Sports | Entertainment | Life | Classifieds | Jobs | Cars | Real Estate About Kansas.com | About the McClatchy Company Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | About our ads | Copyright  