 Liberal Arts and General Education http://www.rccc.edu/liberalarts/rccc-literary-fine-arts-festival/ Blackboard Student Email WebAdvisor Liberal Arts and General Education ← Academic Programs Skip to content Discover learn about rowan-cabarrus About Rowan-Cabarrus Rowan-Cabarrus News Rowan-Cabarrus Calendar Board of Trustees Contact Rowan-Cabarrus Campus Safety  Security Facilities  Environmental Operations Office of the President Institutional Effectiveness Locations  Directions RCCC Foundation Staff  Faculty Directory Visit Rowan-Cabarrus on Walk  Talk Wednesdays Enroll manage your account, admissions  registration The One Stop Apply Now Catalog and Student Handbook Academic Calendar WebAdvisor Student Services Admissions  Recruitment New Student Orientation Financial Aid E-Cashier Testing Center Records  Registration Counseling  Advising Choose learn about our programs  courses Catalog and Student Handbook Academic Programs Cooperative Education Corporate  Continuing Education Corporate Training & Professional Development Distance Education Earn a Career Readiness Certificate Earn a GED English as a Second Language Program High School Programs Job & Skills Training Personal Enrichment Courses Pre-College Studies Learn resources for student success Blackboard Rowan-Cabarrus Barnes  Noble Bookstore Counseling  Advising Disability Services Distance Education Information Technology Services Learning Resource Center Information Commons Libraries S.T.A.R. Tutoring Center Student Life  Leadership Student Government Association Testing Center Get Involved opportunities for alumni, students  the public Alumni Association Center for Teaching and Learning Cosmetology Clinic Employment Opportunities Give to Rowan-Cabarrus through the RCCC Foundation Join the Conversation with Rowan-Cabarrus Online Personal Enrichment Courses R 3 Center RCCC Foundation Small Business Center Student Life  Leadership Student Government Association Help find answers to your questions The One Stop ITS Technology Answers  Help Desk Forgot your password? A to Z Index Campus Code of Conduct Campus Safety & Security Security & Safety Alert Consumer Information Contact Rowan-Cabarrus Disability Services Gainful Employment Information Locations  Directions Rowan-Cabarrus Webmaster A A A A Literary and Fine Arts Festival 2013 Literary and Fine Arts Festival 2013  Back Next  Picture 1 of 10 For Immediate Release: Download Literary Invitation                                                                                                                                                                               Rowan-Cabarrus Community College To Host Second Annual Literary  Fine Arts Festival Cathy Smith Bowers, former Poet Laureate of North Carolina; visiting artist Peg Gignoux; and visiting authors Kelly McCullough and Robert Morgan will headline series of events from April 7-11, 2013 SALISBURY, N.C. — Rowan-Cabarrus Community College is proud to host its second annual Literary  Fine Arts Festival from April 7-11, 2013. The free, family-friendly festival is open to the public; it was developed by Rowan-Cabarrus faculty. “Many of our students at Rowan-Cabarrus are managing family responsibilities, career and the demands of their studies. Consequently, they may not have the time or means to appreciate literature and the fine arts,” said Dr. Carol S. Spalding, president of Rowan-Cabarrus. “The Literary  Fine Arts Festival is a special event that we created to make sure that our students have an opportunity to engage in activities and celebrations focusing on literature and fine arts.” The festival is collaboration between the English and fine arts faculty at the college and leverages the expertise and creativity of Rowan-Cabarrus faculty and their literary and fine arts associates to provide a yearly festival that will grow annually. The festival will also include music and drama this year. “As the college celebrates our 50th anniversary in 2013, we want to thank the community for its support over the last 50 years,” said Spalding. “The community events that we are hosting this year – and those events specifically part of the Literary  Fine Arts Festival – are for our students, faculty, staff and community. Join us in celebrating our community and your community college.” The festival’s two signature events include an evening at the Norvell Theater with two esteemed visiting authors (Cathy Smith Bowers and Robert Morgan), as well as a concluding celebration featuring The Embers at the Kannapolis Village Park. The Embers, with over 25 albums released to date, are known for their marveled beach music. They were inducted into the South Carolina Rhythm and Blues Hall of Fame. The college is proud to host three esteemed authors and a renowned artist as part of this year’s events. Cathy Smith Bowers, former Poet Laureate of North Carolina, has dealt with more loss than one person should ever have to manage. Smith Bowers navigated her personal heartache by writing five poetry collections. Her goal is to demonstrate the power of the spoken word in transforming our hurts and pains into healing and to celebrate our triumphs and joys. Smith Bowers teaches poetry in a Master of Fine Arts program at Queens University in Charlotte. Visiting author Kelly McCullough will bring STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) to life at the college’s festival. McCullough has eleven published or forthcoming science fiction novels, most notably the WebMage and Fallen Blade series. He is also an international award winning short fiction writer whose stories have appeared in numerous publications including Weird Tales, the Writers of the Future award anthology (Vol XVII), and the illustrated collection Chronicles of the Wandering Star, which was written as part of a National Science Foundation funded middle school science curriculum project. Visiting author Robert Morgan was raised on his family’s farm in the North Carolina mountains. He is the author of eleven books of poetry, three books of nonfiction, and eight books of fiction, including the bestselling novel Gap Creek. He currently lives in Ithaca, New York, where he teaches at Cornell University. He won the Academy of Arts and Letters Award for Literature in 2007. The college is also proud to host visiting artist, Peg Gignoux. An accomplished facilitator of many vibrant textile collaborations, Gignoux is an artist, designer and educator who consistently links literacy with visual images. “I love opportunities to explore and redefine a surface; to create quiet places for the eye to rest and to involve the viewer in an unexpected tactile and visual journey,” said Gignoux. The college is proud to hold the festival in conjunction with the Salisbury Sculpture Tour, which will install new pieces beginning Friday, April 5. In recent years, Rowan-Cabarrus Community College has been honored to host two sculptures from the tour and will continue its participation this year. The college’s annual Weaver’s Knot Awards, Creative Writing Awards and Literary Awards will be also be announced and honored during the festival. “Our first festival was a success, but we’d like to make the 2013 festival even better,” said Spalding. “We’ve streamlined the events we’re offering, brought in a wider array of speakers and broadened the topics covered.” While the full schedule of events is still in development, the festival will include a variety of programs, presentations, and workshops at the North (Salisbury), North Carolina Research Campus (Kannapolis), and South (Concord) campuses. The tentative schedule is as follows: Festival Schedule Sunday, April 7, 2013 2:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m. – IMPULSE Student Art Exhibition Reception (North Campus, Bldg. 400) Monday, April 8, 2013 1:00 p.m.-1:50 p.m. – Address and reading from author Robert Morgan (North Campus Teaching Auditorium) 2:00 p.m.-2:50 p.m. – A Walk Down Broadway (North Campus Teaching Auditorium) 3:00 p.m.-3:50 p.m. – Preview of A Living History performance (North Campus Teaching Auditorium) 3:00 p.m.-6:00 p.m. – Art Dept. Open House (North Campus, Rm. 608) 6:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. – Visiting artist Peg Gignoux facilitates Subverting the Digital: Handmade Paper and Books – Part 1 (North Campus, Rm. 608) 7:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. – Keynote from visiting authors: Robert Morgan and Cathy Smith Bowers (Norvell Theater, Salisbury) Tuesday, April 9, 2013 9:25 a.m.-10:40 a.m. – Lecture  creative workshop with author Cathy Smith Bowers (North Campus Teaching Auditorium) 10:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m. – Showing and discussion of the documentary, Islamic Art: Mirror of the Invisible World (North Campus Teaching Auditorium) 6:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. – Visiting artist Peg Gignoux facilitates Subverting the Digital: Handmade Paper and Books – Part 2 (North Campus, Rm. 608) 7:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. – A Living History performance (North Campus Teaching Auditorium) Wednesday, April 10, 2013 10:00 a.m.-10:50 a.m. – Southern American Folklore, performed by Duane Galloway (South Campus, Rm. 106) 10:30 a.m.-11:30 a.m. – Presentation by visiting artist Peg Gignoux (Waterworks Visual Arts Center) 11:00 a.m.-11:50 a.m. – International Literature in Action (South Campus, Rm. 106) 12:00 p.m.-1:50 p.m. – Open Mic with pizza lunch (South Campus, Rm. 106) 6:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. – Visiting artist Peg Gignoux facilitates Subverting the Digital: Handmade Paper and Books – Part 3 (North Campus, Rm. 608) 7:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. – Poetry Slam (Dilworth Coffee, Concord) Thursday, April 11, 2013 10:00 a.m.-10:40 a.m. – Science Fiction Author, Kelly McCullough (RCCC @ the North Carolina Research Campus, Rm. 115) 11:00 a.m.-12:05 p.m. – Science Fiction Author, Kelly McCullough (RCCC @ the North Carolina Research Campus, Rm. 115) 12:00 p.m.-1:50 p.m. – Art Reception/Presentation of books (North Campus Learning Resource Center) 7:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. – Musical performance by Embers (Village Park, Kannapolis) The event’s sponsors include Barnes  Noble, NC Arts Council, KKA Architecture, McGraw-Hill and Blackboard, Bedford/St. Martin’s, Pearson Education, Cengage Learning and the Rowan-Cabarrus Community College Foundation. The festival will be open to the community at large, as well as to Rowan-Cabarrus students. All events are free. The book arts workshop sessions will require registration and a commitment to all three sessions in order to complete the project. Some events will have limited seating provided on a first-come, first-served basis. For more information about the festival, please contact Betty Stack (704-216-3846) or Peter Goff (704-216-7149). For additional information about Rowan-Cabarrus Community College, please visit www.rccc.edu or call 704-216-RCCC (7222). Opening its doors in 1963, Rowan-Cabarrus Community College (RCCC) is one of 58 colleges in the state-supported North Carolina Community College System. RCCC is a comprehensive, community-focused institution of higher learning, serving the residents of Rowan and Cabarrus counties at multiple campus locations and through on-line programs. RCCC offers fully-accredited associate degree programs in more than 40 areas of study, including arts and sciences, business, information technology, health and public services, engineering technologies, and biotechnology. RCCC provides more than 2,000 course offerings, serving a yearly overall enrollment of more than 20,000 students. In addition, RCCC provides the education and job-training programs needed to meet many of the workforce demands of the North Carolina Research Campus being developed in Kannapolis. Download Lit. Fest Back Please view our photo gallery from the Literary and Fine Arts Festival 2012 below.  Literary and Fine Arts Festival 2012  Back Next  Picture 1 of 20  Search Search Search Type Search Rowan-Cabarrus Search Liberal Arts and General Education Liberal Arts and General Education About Liberal Arts and General Education Liberal Arts and General Education News Faculty and Staff Directory Programs Liberal Arts  General Education Programs of Study Fine Arts Events  Contests Upcoming Events Camp Creativity Literary and Fine Arts Festival North Campus 1333 Jake Alexander Blvd. South Salisbury, NC 28146 (704) 216-7222 South Campus 1531 Trinity Church Road Concord, NC 28027 (704) 216-7222 Cabarrus Business  Technology Center 660 Concord Parkway North Concord, NC 28027 (704) 216-7222 North Carolina Research Campus 399 Biotechnology Lane Kannapolis, NC 28081 (704) 216-7222 Cloverleaf Center 942 Cloverleaf Plaza Concord, NC 28081 Cos: (704) 792-9788 Ext: (704) 216-3557 R 3 Center 200 West Avenue Kannapolis, NC 28081 (704) 216-7201 Not a student yet? Apply Now! Academic Programs Job and Skills Training Corporate Training High School Programs Personal Enrichment Quick Links Contact Us Academic Calendar Catalog  Student Handbook A to Z Index Faculty & Staff Email Legal Privacy Statement Disclaimer Statement Copyright Statement Equal Opportunity Statement Get Social Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Search RCCC Rowan-Cabarrus Theme powered by WordPress and built on the Thematic Theme Framework . Contact the Webmaster . 