 Constraint kept separate from header so header can befixed above the page and still position correctly Skip to Content TIME Business & Money Sections  Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Style Opinion Photos Magazine Video LIFE.com Lists Sports Search Search TIME Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr RSS Apps Economy Wall Street Tech Small Business Personal Finance Real Estate Business of Creativity Management Careers New Energy Smart Spending 5 Things to Keep in Mind If Buying or Selling a Used Car By Brad Tuttle @bradrtuttle Oct. 17, 2011 0  Share Read Later SendtoKindle Image Source / Getty Images Related Used-Car Dealers Have a Deal For You. No Kidding. New York Times As Gas Prices Slide, Some Car Prices Follow CBS Money Watch How to Buy a Used Car Without Getting Burned Popular Mechanics Email Print Share Facebook Twitter Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Reddit Digg Mixx Delicious Google+ Comment Follow @TIMEBusiness Is now a good time to buy a used vehicle? Or sell one? Heres some insight on the state of the used car marketplace, along with pointers for anyone keen on buying or selling in the near future. Used car values have dipped. After reaching all-time high prices in June , the asking prices for previously loved vehicles have dipped nearly 7%. The drop in gas prices has caused an especially pronounced decline in prices for fuel-efficient vehicles—down 9% for compact cars, and down as much as 15% for hybrids. Used cars are expected to keep getting cheaper. Using data from the Manheim Used Vehicle Value Index , Automotive News shows that used car prices have steadily declined for the past few months—and the trend is expected to continue through the end of 2011. ( MORE: The Worse the Economy, the Better Business Is at Auto Repair Shops ) Still, demand and prices remain quite high. Throughout the recession and post-recession era, drivers have been hanging onto older vehicles longer before upgrading—one way this trend plays out is that business has been booming at auto repair shops . As consumers grew less likely to trade in cars, and as used car values soared, dealerships became more aggressive in trying to find used vehicles to buy—which would soon be flipped for quick profits. Even though used car values have declined in recent months, demand remains high among consumers and dealerships alike. The New York Times reports that dealerships are still paying substantially higher prices for used vehicles—especially highly sought-after low-mileage cars—than they were a year ago. The flip side of this is that most used cars are also being sold for much higher prices than they were a year ago. Overall, right now remains a good time to sell a used car, and a fairly expensive time to buy a used car. If the market plays out as the experts predict, however, as time passes youll get less when on the selling side of the equation, and youll pay less if buying. Has the odometer been tampered with? AiM Mobile Inspections , which specializes in evaluating off-lease used cars, recently released a report stating an estimated 30% increase since January 2011 in the number of vehicles whose odometers have potentially been tampered with. That indicates quite a dramatic increase. Or does it? The strategic use of potentially means that these odometers havent necessarily been adjusted; its just that, based on a quick look at the evidence, it appears as if there could be a sharp increase in altered odometers. If nothing else, the report should serve as a reminder to find out for sure that the used car youre buying isnt more used than you thought. ( MORE: The Benefits of Buying Virtually Everything Used ) Use a checklist, not your gut. Buying a new car can be complicated— and often, painful . But shopping for a used vehicle is possibly even more complex; theres no need to check the fluids on a new car, for instance. Rather than simply kicking the tires and giving a used car a quick test drive, a thorough inspection is wise. Popular Mechanics created a handy checklist for just this purpose. Getting hold of the vehicles service history should eliminate questions about the cars mileage, and should also obviously show how the cars been maintained. And while some categories on the checklist are of minor concern (small tears on the seats are to be expected), others are probably deal breakers (fluid leaks). ( MORE: Could Buying a Car Be a Good Investment? ) Brad Tuttle is a reporter at TIME. Find him on Twitter at @bradrtuttle . You can also continue the discussion on TIME ’s Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME . Brad Tuttle @bradrtuttle Brad Tuttle covers business and personal finance for TIME. He lives in Massachusetts with his wife and four sons, and also teaches journalism at UMass-Amherst .  0 comments Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in   + Follow  Post comment      Link   Sort: Newest | Oldest  Latest from our Partners Howard Kurtz Perving Out On Yoga Instructors On The Internet Is Now Media Reporting, Apparently  Huffington Post Should a 15-Year-Old Who Killed Four People Be Sentenced to Life in Prison?  Slate Boehner Promises Whale Of A Fight Over Debt Ceiling  Huffington Post Subscribe Popular Among Subscribers Having It All Without Having Children The Plight of the Honeybee Health: Why I Would Vote No On Pot 10 Questions for Manny Pacquiao Get all access to digital and print Subscribe Most Popular From Business  Money Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday Treasury Secretary to Congress: U.S. to Hit Debt Ceiling in October Survey: The 5 Biggest Retirement Saving Mistakes No Joke: Walmart Coffee Tastes As Good As Starbucks Nobelist on Americas Missing Economic Mojo — and How To Get It Back From Time.com 4 Reasons Youre Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance Get Ready For a COLD Winter Zimmerman Wants Florida to Pay Legal Bills Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday The VMAs: The Best and Worst More on TIME Connect With TIME  Sign up for TIMEs business  money newsletter Our Content Partners iPad iPhone Android TIME TV Populist The Page TIME Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Photos Videos Lists Magazine  2013 Time Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights RSS Newsletter Mobile TIME For Kids Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Use Media Kit Reprints & Permissions Help Site Map Ad Choices Custom Content Powered by WordPress.com VIP our partners   