 Entertainment News | Movies, TV, Celebrity Gossip Member Center: Create Account | Log In Manage Account | Log Out SITE SEARCH WEB SEARCH BY Live Stream 'Like' us on Facebook 'Follow' us on Twitter Summer 10pm News Back to School Slideshows Most Wanted Politics Business Marketplace Weather Baby Faith Forum Facebook Friend of the Day Joey 'Un-Tied' Bargain Thursday What's Cooking Links mentioned on FOX13 Browse recipes by category Personal Finance Tax Guide U.S.  World News Technology  Science 10pm News CMN Good News Job Shop Theatre News SNOW FOX FOX13 Weather Blogs Weather Baby MyFoxHurricane Hurricane Sandy Gas Tracker All Mid-South Team College Sports News Tennessee Sports Headlines Mississippi Sports Headlines Arkansas Sports Headlines National Sports Auto Racing Josh Pastner Women's Health Diet  Fitness Men's Health Seniors' Health The Latest from HealthDay Children's Health Sex  Relationships Live Well Health Topics HS Musical Awards Movies! Contests Entertainment Local Events Pets TMZ What's on FOX 13 Events Fox on Demand Travel Horoscopes Advertise With FOX13 Community Personalities Contact Us Our Facebook Pages FOX13 Emmy Nominations FOX13 Newsletter Jobs at FOX13 What's on FOX 13 Remembering MLK  Sub-channels: TVGuide news Lottery results Comic Horoscopes END wnDS29 Lamar Odom's agent: "His wife knows exactly where he is" The hits just keep on coming forKhloe KardashianandLamar Odom. More END wnDS-20 Did Taylor Swift have some choice words for her ex at the VMAs? DidTaylor Swiftsneak in some not-so-subtle jabs at her exHarry Styles during MTVsVideo Music AwardsSunday? More Eminem announces new album and first single release date While music fans across the country were waiting for the highly anticipated N Sync reunion on Sunday night, one of the other biggest stars from the TRL era, Eminem, made some news of his own. More Mike Tyson: I'm "on the verge of dying" due to alcoholism Mike Tysontold reporters last week that hes been lying about being sober and is "on the verge of dying" due to alcoholism. More 'N Sync reunion and more at the VMAs It really happened!N Syncreunited at MTVs Video Music AwardsSunday but it was a blink-and-you-missed it moment. More Knots Landing's Julie Harris dies at 87 Broadway iconJulie Harris, who also starred inKnots Landing, diedSaturdayof congestive heart failure at her home in West Chatham, Mass.,The Associated Pressreports. More Report: Lamar Odom's whereabouts unknown The hits just keep on coming forKhloe KardashianandLamar Odom. More Is Danny McBride developing a pilot for Lindsay Lohan? Lindsay Lohanis guest-starring on an upcoming episode ofDanny McBrides HBO comedyEastbound  Down, but McBride is reportedly hoping to continue their professional partnership. More Jennifer Love Hewitt: We're getting married after I give birth Jennifer Love Hewittis engaged and pregnant, but dont expect her to walk down the aisle just yet. More Ben Affleck cast as Batman in Man of Steel sequel Ben Affleck has been cast as Batman/Bruce Wayne in the upcoming Man of Steel sequel, Warner Bros. Pictures announced on Thursday. More Anthony Bourdain: Paula Deen scandal "gives me no pleasure" Anthony Bourdain and Paula Deen have been known to get into some very heated public arguments, Bourdain says hes not getting a kick out of Deens recent troubles. More Judge rules Snooki & JWoww can film in New Jersey town A judge has ruled to allow the third season of MTVs Jersey Shore spin-off Snooki  JWoww to continue filming despite a neighbors attempts to stop them. More Wentworth Miller comes out in letter condemning Russia's anti-LGBT laws Wentworth Miller revealed that he is gay in a letter condemning Russias anti-LGBT laws. More Which One Direction singer is engaged? Sorry, One Direction fans -- this guy is taken! More Rosanna Arquette weds for the fourth time Actress Rosanna Arquette married fianc Todd Morgan on Sunday, People reports. More Mandy Patinkin on his Chicago Hope and Criminal Minds stints: "I behaved abominably" Looking back on his career,Mandy Patinkinsays hes not proud that he was once a very spoiled actor who thought he needed more fame. More David Cassidy arrested for driving under the influence David Cassidy was arrested Wednesday after allegedly driving under the influence, TMZ.com reports. More Lily Tomlin and partner of more than 40 years thinking of getting married Lily Tomlinand her partner of more than 40 years, Jane Wagner, might finally be getting married,E! reports. More Avril Lavigne kisses Wonder Years' Danica McKellar in new music video Thanks to her unforgettable role as Winnie Cooper on The Wonder Years, millions have daydreamed about someday hitting on Danica McKellar. More Simon Cowell: "I'm proud to be a dad" Reality show mogul Simon Cowell has finally come clean about becoming a father. More True Blood's Rutina Wesley files for divorce Rutina Wesley has filed for divorce after more than eight years of marriage, People reports. More Dave Chappelle is on Prince's incredible new single cover Princehas done a lot of incredible things in his career, but none as amazing as the cover of his new single "Breakfast Can Wait." More Kylie Jenner rings in her Sweet 16 with star-studded bash Kylie Jenner rang in her 16th birthday with an over-the-top sweet 16 party on Saturday in Los Angeles, Us Weekly reports. More TV's highest paid stars: What they earn There is a new king of late night, according to TV Guide Magazines annual survey of star salaries. And hes a very rich king. More Elmore Leonard dies at 87 Elmore Leonard, whose novels and short stories have been adapted into countless movies and TV shows includingGet Shorty,Out of SightandJustified, has died. More Dick Van Dyke rescued from a burning car Dick Van Dyke may just have a guardian angel. More Prince William and Kate release first official family photos of George Parenting seems to agree with Prince William and wife Kate Middleton. The royal couple are glowing in two new official photos taken with their newborn son George. More Oscar Pistorius formally charged with murder Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius has been formally charged with planned and premeditated murder in thedeath of his girlfriend in February, and his trial is scheduled to start in early March. More Lindsay Lohan: I've created a "whirlwind of garbage" around myself In her first sit-down interview since completing her court-ordered 90-day stint in rehab,Lindsay LohantoldOprah Winfreythat shes addicted to alcohol and chaos. More Sofia Vergara says she wants a "tiny" wedding Sofia Vergarahas beenengaged to Nick Loebfor more than a year, but she hasnt finalized any plans for their wedding. More Beyonce changes up her hairstyle -- again! Beyoncedebuted another new hairstyle during a performance at the U.K.s V Festival over the weekend. More 10 songs that can't be used on TV again Certain songs are so closely associated with a specific show and moment in television that it feels like blasphemy when another series dare use it for its own soundtrack. More Samuel L. Jackson's contracts allow time for golf All work and no play doesnt fly withSamuel L. Jackson. More Paternity test proves Scott Disick is the father of Kourtney Kardashian's son A paternity test has proven that Scott Disick is, in fact, the father of Kourtney Kardashians son Mason, E! Online reports. More Robin Thicke sues Marvin Gaye's family over "Blurred Lines" As if "Blurred Lines" didnt already have enough controversy,Robin Thickehas now taken the song to court. More 6 TV tropes that should die The time before the fall season is always filled with such hope. But inevitably, many shows that seemed so new and fresh wind up rehashing the same tired clichs. More Singer Miguel arrested for DUI Miguel was arrested on suspicion of a DUI after failing a field sobriety test early Thursday morning, TMZ.com reports. More Lisa Kudrow admits she fell for Friends reunion hoax After rumors starting spreading in April that the Friends cast was going to reunite, many fans of the NBC sitcom were fooled  and surprisingly, one of the shows stars. More Soleil Moon Frye pregnant with third child Soleil Moon Frye is pregnant with her third child, she announced Wednesday on Today. More That '70s Show actress Lisa Robin Kelly dies at 43 That 70s ShowstarLisa Robin KellydiedWednesdayin her sleep after going into cardiac arrest at a rehab facility in California,TMZreports. She was 43. More Chris Brown's hit-and-run case dismissed Chris Browns hit-and-run case was dismissed Thursday, TMZ.com reports. More WWE wrestler Darren Young: "I'm gay and I'm happy" The WWEsDarren Younghas become the first active wrestler to publicly come out as gay. More Judge Judy's son sues New York sheriff District Attorney Adam Levy, whos the son ofJudge JudystarJudith Sheindlin, is suing a local sheriff in New York for $5 million, claiming that the sheriff interfered in a child rape case. More The Bachelor star Gia Allemand dies at 29 Former Bachelor and Bachelor Pad star Gia Allemand has died, TVGuide.com has confirmed. She was 29. More Did Lamar Odom cheat on Khloe Kardashian? Rumors are again swirling about the state of Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odoms marriage thanks to a Los Angeles woman who has come forward claiming to be Odoms mistress. More Anchorman's Ron Burgundy to release tell-all memoir This news is kind of a big deal. At least if youre an Anchorman fan. More Fifty Shades writer E.L. James is No. 1 on Forbes' top-earning authors Fan-fiction writer-turned-global sensation E.L. James has topped Forbes Magazines list of top-earning authors. More Ben Affleck visited Lindsay Lohan to advise her on sobriety While completing her court-ordered stint in rehab, Lindsay Lohan got a very special visitor: Ben Affleck. More Mayim Bialik hopes blogging about divorce will help others Divorce can be painful, butMayim Bialikhopes shell be able to help others through the processby sharing the details of hers. More Johnny Weir willing to face arrest at Sochi Olympics Out figure skaterJohnny Weirsays he wont let Russias anti-gay laws stop him from competing in Sochi if he qualifies for the 2014 Olympic team. More Usher's son released from hospital Ushers son has been released from the hospital after last Mondays near-drowning accident,Peoplereports. More Paula Deen racial discrimination lawsuit dismissed Paula Deen got a rare piece of good news on Monday. More Katy Perry and John Mayer sing about their "love" on new duet Apparently, Katy Perry and John Mayer are definitely back on! More Lea Michele dedicates Teen Choice Award to Cory Monteith In her first public appearance sinceCory Monteiths death last month, GleestarLea Michelededicated her acceptance speech at Sundays Teen Choice Awards to her late boyfriend. More Usher retains custody despite son's near-drowning Usherwill retain custody of his 5-year-old son despite the fact that he got injured after nearly drowning earlier this week,CNNreports. More Amanda Bynes' mother wins conservatorship Amanda Bynes mother Lynn has been named her conservator,CNNreports. More Was Chris Brown's seizure caused by haters? Chris Browns rep has confirmed toUs Weeklythat the singer suffered a seizureon Friday, though he was not hospitalized. More Kevin Federline, Victoria Prince tie the knot Kevin Federlineis off the market . . . again. More END wnDS-20 Sponsored Video More Tim McGraw pumps up the heat at FDNY Tim McGraw pumps up the heat at FDNY Produced for Duracell Produced for Duracell - Tim McGraw visits FDNY to honor first responders. Entertainment News from TV Guide Entertainment News from TV Guide More Content provided by TVGuide Mike Tyson: I'm "on the verge of dying" due to alcoholism Mike Tyson: I'm "on the verge of dying" due to alcoholism Mike Tysontold reporters last week that hes been lying about being sober and is "on the verge of dying" due to alcoholism. Mike Tysontold reporters last week that hes been lying about being sober and is "on the verge of dying" due to alcoholism. Did Taylor Swift have some choice words for her ex at the VMAs? Did Taylor Swift have some choice words for her ex at the VMAs? DidTaylor Swiftsneak in some not-so-subtle jabs at her exHarry Styles during MTVsVideo Music AwardsSunday? DidTaylor Swiftsneak in some not-so-subtle jabs at her exHarry Styles during MTVsVideo Music AwardsSunday? Eminem announces new album and first single release date Eminem announces new album and first single release date While music fans across the country were waiting for the highly anticipated N Sync reunion on Sunday night, one of the other biggest stars from the TRL era, Eminem, made some news of his own. While music fans across the country were waiting for the highly anticipated N Sync reunion on Sunday night, one of the other biggest stars from the TRL era, Eminem, made some news of his own. Lamar Odom's agent: "His wife knows exactly where he is" Lamar Odom's agent: "His wife knows exactly where he is" The hits just keep on coming forKhloe KardashianandLamar Odom. The hits just keep on coming forKhloe KardashianandLamar Odom. 'N Sync reunion and more at the VMAs 'N Sync reunion and more at the VMAs It really happened!N Syncreunited at MTVs Video Music AwardsSunday but it was a blink-and-you-missed it moment. It really happened!N Syncreunited at MTVs Video Music AwardsSunday but it was a blink-and-you-missed it moment. Knots Landing's Julie Harris dies at 87 Knots Landing's Julie Harris dies at 87 Broadway iconJulie Harris, who also starred inKnots Landing, diedSaturdayof congestive heart failure at her home in West Chatham, Mass. Broadway iconJulie Harris, who also starred inKnots Landing, diedSaturdayof congestive heart failure at her home in West Chatham, Mass.,The Associated Pressreports. Report: Lamar Odom's whereabouts unknown Report: Lamar Odom's whereabouts unknown The hits just keep on coming forKhloe KardashianandLamar Odom. The hits just keep on coming forKhloe KardashianandLamar Odom. Is Danny McBride developing a pilot for Lindsay Lohan? Is Danny McBride developing a pilot for Lindsay Lohan? Lindsay Lohanis guest-starring on an upcoming episode ofDanny McBrides HBO comedyEastbound  Down, but McBride is reportedly hoping to continue their professional partnership. Lindsay Lohanis guest-starring on an upcoming episode ofDanny McBrides HBO comedyEastbound  Down, but McBride is reportedly hoping to continue their professional partnership. Jennifer Love Hewitt: We're getting married after I give birth Jennifer Love Hewitt: We're getting married after I give birth Jennifer Love Hewittis engaged and pregnant, but dont expect her to walk down the aisle just yet. Jennifer Love Hewittis engaged and pregnant, but dont expect her to walk down the aisle just yet.     Award Season: Nominations, news and more Awards news, noms  more More More award season news... More award season news... Entertainment More Horoscopes Horoscopes Daily, weekly and monthly horoscopes forlife, love, work and more! Daily, weekly and monthly horoscopes forlife, love, work and more! Daily Animated Comic Daily Animated Comic Every day, a new animated comic from Neatly Chiseled Features! Every day, a new animated comic from Neatly Chiseled Features!  Column 4 Layout Configuration: 7  *DISCLAIMER* : The information contained in or provided through this site section is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional advice. Use of this site section and any information contained on or provided through this site section is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site section is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. END wnDS64 test  Read More  Read More  Read More  Read More  Read More   END wnDS66 Entertainment More Caroline Kennedy to join March on Washington rally Caroline Kennedy to join March on Washington rally Caroline Kennedy is joining the lineup of speakers commemorating the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington at the Lincoln Memorial. Caroline Kennedy is joining the lineup of speakers commemorating the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington at the Lincoln Memorial. Muhammad Ali awards to honor humanitarian efforts Muhammad Ali awards to honor humanitarian efforts Boxing great Muhammad Ali wants to recognize the greatness of people waging their own fights for peace and social justice. Boxing great Muhammad Ali wants to recognize the greatness of people waging their own fights for peace and social justice. Spotify's Top 10 most viral tracks Spotify's Top 10 most viral tracks By The Associated Press  The following list represents the most viral tracks on Spotify, based on the number of people who shared it divided by the number who listened to it, from Monday, August 19,... By The Associated Press  The following list represents the most viral tracks on Spotify, based on the number of people who shared it divided by the number who listened to it, from Monday, August 19, to... 'Star Wars' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies 'Star Wars' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies The British Society of Cinematographers says "Star Wars" cinematographer Gilbert Taylor has died at age 99. Gilbert Taylor was a master of black and white and a master of different universes. Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction and former love interest Harry Styles took the stage for the MTV Video Music Awards? Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction and former love interest Harry Styles took the stage for the MTV Video Music Awards? Spotify's Top 10 most streamed tracks Spotify's Top 10 most streamed tracks By The Associated Press  The following list represents the top streamed tracks on Spotify from Monday, August 19, to Sunday, August 25: By The Associated Press  The following list represents the top streamed tracks on Spotify from Monday, August 19, to Sunday, August 25: '42' actor Boseman to play James Brown in biopic '42' actor Boseman to play James Brown in biopic After bringing Jackie Robinson to the big screen, Chadwick Boseman is going to try another icon: James Brown. After bringing Jackie Robinson to the big screen, Chadwick Boseman is going to try another icon: James Brown. Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm A chief architect of "the Motown sound" is paying tribute to another pioneer responsible for developing the charm, grace and style of the legendary Detroit labels roster of artists. She didnt sing a note or write a lick of a lyric, but Smokey Robinson contends that Maxine Powell was as essential to Motown Records operation as the legendary labels songwriters, producers and musicians. Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Cyrus Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Cyrus Dont get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. The performance marked the first time the band played together in 11 years, and also the last... Dont get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. The performance marked the first time the band played together in 11 years, and also the last time... Radio star Piolin sues former employees Radio star Piolin sues former employees Spanish-language radio host Eddie "Piolin" Sotelo filed suit Monday against six former Univision employees, accusing them of a plot to extort $4.9 million from him with threats that they would falsely accuse him of... Spanish-language radio host Eddie "Piolin" Sotelo filed suit Monday against six former Univision employees, accusing them of a plot to extort $4.9 million from him with threats that they would falsely accuse him of sexual...      WHBQ-TV | Fox 13 485 S. Highland St. Memphis, TN 38111 Main Station: (901) 320-1313 Newsroom: (901) 320-1340  Didn't find what you were looking for? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2013 Fox Television Stations, Inc. and Worldnow. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Ad Choices  Page Include: BODY END Page Include: BODY 