       Saturday, May 21, 2011 New Product: BMW 6 Series Convertible Top Replacement BMW 6 SERIES CONVERTIBLE TOP The original BMW 6 Series convertible top fabric is Twillfast RPC cloth. This material is US manufactured and is an acoustically enhanced three-ply composite with an acrylic twill weave outer fabric, an rubber inner layer and a polyester lining fabric. BMW 6 Series Convertible Top Features: With a 6 Series convertible top from Auto Tops Direct, you get factory-style die-cut extrusion attachments with pre-punched holes for accurate and easy installation, sliding sun-roof listings. This new convertible top is manufactured in the USA using the same patterns, specifications, materials, and designs from BMW. All BMW 6 Series replacement tops include factory-type acoustic padding, sewn-in rain guards, factory-type imported seal tape, reinforced deck seams, and plastic retainer attachments for a precise fit. OEM MATERIALS AND CONSTRUCTION Manufactured using premium Haartz Twillfast RPC cloth, which was the factory original topping material for the 2004-2010 BMW 6 Series. Twillfast RPC cloth is an acoustically enhanced three-ply composite made of acrylic twill weave outer fabric, a rubber inner layer and a polyester lining fabric. Twillfast RPC cloth provides up to 2dB (noticeable) improvement over standard topping. Fits the 2004-2010 BMW 6 Series convertible models 630i Cabriolet, 645Ci Cabriolet, 650i Cabriolet, M6 Cabriolet. Available in Black, Basalt Gray, and Blue. In Stock  Same Day Shipping Read more / Shop Online. Posted by automotiveexec at 8:38 PM No comments:  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Links to this post Labels: 630i Cabriolet , 645Ci Cabriolet , 650i Cabriolet , bmw , convertible top , Haartz Twillfast RPC , M6 Cabriolet Reactions:   Monday, January 3, 2011 VW Beetle - There's Definitely Something Good About It Finding a car that combines utility, affordability and a unique design can be a challenge, but for decades the Volkswagen Beetle has been providing just that for motorists all over the world. If you've always dreamed of owning a convertible but have found them to be far beyond your financial reach, a VW convertible gives you the chance to drive with the top down without doing serious damage to your wallet. It may seem like the VW Beetle is one of those cars that has always "been there". It has become a mainstay of popular culture and many VW owners pride themselves on being hip, savvy nonconformists. But where did the Beetle come from originally? The answer may surprise you! Volkswagen Beetles - or "Bugs," as they're affectionately known - actually have their roots in 1930s Germany. Adolf Hitler wanted to create a car that was reliable, fuel-efficient and affordable - a "people's car" that all citizens could afford. In fact, Volkswagen is German for "people's car." When Hitler rose to power, he commissioned the creation of this egalitarian car, and in 1938, the VW Beetle was born. Although the cars were not particularly flashy or fast, they were relatively cheap (especially for a German-made car) and had a unique charm that many consumers responded to immediately. Eventually, the "Bug" became one of the most popular cars in the world, and has been in production almost every year since its 1938 debut. The VW convertible, of course, premiered after the standard Beetle, but it quickly caught on amongst those who desired the fun of a convertible driving experience without the expense and worry of investing in a sports car with a five- or six-figure price tag. You can still appreciate the feeling of the wind in your hair and the sun on your back without springing for a Porsche or Ferrari! In fact, choosing a VW convertible over a higher-end brand actually says something positive about your character; it conveys that you value fun and individuality over status and money. With the economy still on the mend and millions of people struggling to find work, the time is right for "the people's car" to make a real resurgence among American motorists. Even if you prefer luxury cars, you might like to have a VW convertible for the novelty - or simply for fun Sunday drives. Whether you're a veteran driver or you're looking for something suitable for your teenage son or daughter, a Volkswagen may be just what you need. Take one for a test drive and find out why the "Bug" has been a favorite of millions for over seventy years! There's definitely something about a VW convertible top , with its fun shape and sporty driving. The automaker has truly perfected the design and functionality. Posted by Brian Aune at 11:14 AM 1 comment:  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Links to this post Reactions:   Sunday, October 24, 2010 What Mustang Enthusiasts Love About Their Convertible Buy Mustang Convertible Tops Online Convertibles are endlessly appealing to both car lovers and those who are ordinarily indifferent toward vehicles alike. Why? Because there is something intriguing and adventurous about the convertible; it has come to symbolize freedom, youth and fun. In some ways, there is nothing more American than driving with the top down in a high-performance sports car. Of course, many of the most notorious sports car manufacturers are based out of Europe - specifically Italy. Yet in many ways, the all-American muscle car has never been topped, and when it comes to finding the quintessential muscle car, the Ford Mustang convertible always outshines the competition. For decades, car enthusiasts have turned to the Mustang convertible for a fast, luxurious American ride - and the Mustang's dominance shows no signs of letting up. Mustangs are superior to other convertibles within their price range for three main reasons: Undeniable power, great mileage and sheer driver enjoyment. Muscle cars are known for being powerful, high performance rides, and the Mustang really proves the rule. Equipped with a 5.4L V8 engine, the Mustang manages to drive both faster and harder than the competition while weighing considerably less to boot! etting rid of all that excess weight means that the Mustang convertible handles exceptionally well, lending the car a grace and agility that most American convertible sports cars lack. While practicality and fuel efficiency may not be the first quality that leaps to mind when you think of a powerful car like the Mustang, in reality the Mustang gets surprisingly great gas mileage: 14 miles per gallon in the city and 20 mpg on the highway. EPA estimated yearly fuel costs fall just above $3,000, making Mustang convertibles an excellent option for the cash-conscious muscle car fan. Finally, when it comes to the sheer joy of driving a convertible muscle car, it's difficult - if not impossible - to compete with the Mustang. Since 1964, the Mustang brand has been synonymous with the best that American car makers have to offer auto enthusiasts, and in the ensuing decades, not much has changed. When you choose a Mustang convertible, you are truly living the legend. Why take a chance on a lesser make or a less prestigious model when you can get behind the wheel of a true American legend? As long as convertibles are popular, the Mustang will continue to dominate the U.S. sports car field. The great thing about a mustang convertible top, especially a canvas one, is that it really gives the car that classic mustang look. Posted by Brian Aune at 10:37 AM 1 comment:  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: convertible top , ford , mustang , sports car Reactions:   Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)  If you bought a Convertible Top Online, did you install it yourself? Total Pageviews  Tweets by @AutoTopsDirect  AUTOMOTIVE NEWS Loading...  Pages Home Gallery About  Popular Posts  Professional vs. Self Installation If you recently purchased a new convertible top for your car, you may be wondering whether you should just install it yourself or take it t... Porsche Boxster Glass Window Upgrade The Porsche Boxster has distinguished itself as a truly affordable choice to its cousin the 911. The Boxster features a finely balanced... Mazda Miata Convertible: A Best Seller! First produced in 1989 as a 1990 model, Miata (MX-5) is now in its third generation of design. 1990-1997 GENERATION 1 MODEL #NA The ...  Get Answers Tags 630i Cabriolet (1) 645Ci Cabriolet (1) 650i Cabriolet (1) audi tops (1) audi ttt convertible top (2) auto tops (2) bmw (3) boxster (2) buy online (1) canvas (1) car care (3) car repair (2) cloth (1) convertible (1) convertible top (3) convertible top cleaning (1) convertible top maintenance (1) convertible top windows (1) ford (1) Haartz Twillfast RPC (1) hot convertibles (1) low price tops (1) M6 Cabriolet (1) maintenance (2) mazda (1) miata tops (2) mini cooper tops (1) mustang (3) mx5 (1) porsche (2) replacement tops (1) sports car (1) spyker (1) tension straps (1) top installation (1) topping material (1) upgrades (1) vinyl (1) volkswagen tops (1) There was an error in this gadget  Video Bar Loading...   Copyright 2010. AutoTopsDirect. All Rights Reserved. Awesome Inc. template. Powered by Blogger .  