 wpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost Real Estate Rentals Cars Today's Paper Going Out Guide FindSave Service Alley Home PostTV In PostTV Politics In Politics Congress Courts  Law The Fed Page Health Care Polling White House GovBeat Md. Politics Va. Politics D.C. Politics Blogs & Columns Biden: 'No doubt' Syrian regime... Post Politics | Philip Rucker and David Nakamura  The Fact Checker is away The Fact Checker | Glenn Kessler Honor the dream by honoring the... She The People | Bernardine Watson How Rubio, Cruz and Paul stand... The Fix | Sean Sullivan Opinions In Opinions Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations The Posts View Left-Leaning Right-Leaning Local Opinions Columnist Index Featured Blogs The 2024 Summer Olympics belong... ComPost | Alexandra Petri What should a senator read? The Plum Line | Jonathan Bernstein PostScript: Milbank and the GOP's... PostPartisan | Rachel Manteuffel The compassion gap Right Turn | Jennifer Rubin Local In Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Crime Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Blogs  Columns Blogs & Columns Cloud seeding experiment almost... Capital Weather Gang | Jack Williams  Charcuterie master Julien Shapiro... Going Out Guide | Tim Carman Drivers towed from Silver Spring... Dr. Gridlock | Lori Aratani Sports In Sports Redskins/NFL Capitals/NHL Wizards/NBA Nationals/MLB D.C.United/Soccer Colleges AllMetSports Blogs  Columns Forums OtherSports Blogs & Columns USA Hockey's Sochi jerseys unveiled Capitals Insider | Lindsay Applebaum Interview with RGIII movie directors DC Sports Bog | Lindsay Applebaum Redskins complete first cuts The Insider | Mike Jones Nationals-Marlins lineups Nationals Journal | James Wagner National In National Energy Environment Health  Science Education National Security Investigations On Faith On Leadership Innovations On Giving Corrections Blogs & Columns Is the Twittersphere ready for... Innovations | Dominic Basulto Microsoft's flawed system of performance... On Leadership | Jena McGregor King's dream: Waiting with perseverance On Faith | T.D. Jakes World In World Africa TheAmericas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East National Security War Zones Special Reports Columns  Blogs  Blogs & Columns Giving up the element of surprise... WorldViews | Max Fisher Google's app store comes to Iran WorldViews | Brian Fung A map showing Syria's complexity WorldViews | Max Fisher Asia is taking over oil markets WorldViews | Brad Plumer Business In Business Economy Industries Local Business Markets PolicyRegulation Technology WorldBusiness Capital Business On Small Business On I.T.  Blogs & Columns A new parent feels the stress,... The Color of Money | Michelle Singletary Surprises in Fed disclosures Wonkblog | Neil Irwin Tech In Technology Policy Innovation GreenTechnology The Switch PhotoGalleries Blogs & Columns New York Times site inaccessible... Hayley Tsukayama Why Google brought its app store... The Switch | Brian Fung Phone metadata can be very revealing The Switch | Timothy B. Lee Siri doesn't like being asked about... The Switch | Brian Fung Lifestyle In Lifestyle Advice Carolyn Hax Food Home  Garden Style Travel Weddings Wellness Magazine KidsPost On Parenting  Blogs & Columns New biography to present a less... The Style Blog | Ron Charles Names  Faces: Madonna, Donald... The Reliable Source | Michael Livingston II Entertainment In Entertainment Books Comics Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles  Games Theater Dance TV Blogs & Columns DCs Trinity War Comic Riffs | David Betancourt  Charcuterie master Julien Shapiro... Going Out Guide | Tim Carman Jobs In Jobs More Classifieds Cars Deals Real Estate Rentals Photos Blogs Discussions FindSave Obituaries Archives Topics WP Wine Club Service Alley Television  The Mall throughout history Top moments at the VMAs Travel Photo Contest winners MTV VMAs red carpet In the News March on Washington VMAs Amazon Juicy J Miley Cyrus  TV highlights: Pretty Little Liars finale promises more questions — Emily Yahr Plus, Twisted wraps for the season, and Storage Wars: Texas returns. TV highlights for Aug. 26: Season finales of The Glades, Longmire — Emily Yahr Also on tap: Below Deck and Get Out Alive With Bear Grylls ends their seasons. TV highlights: MTV Video Music Awards — Emily Yahr Justin Timberlake, along with Macklemore  Ryan Lewis, are tied for the most nominations (six). Lew Wood, television journalist and Today anchor, dies John Rogers Mr. Wood marched with Martin Luther King Jr. and covered John F. Kennedys assassination. The Style Blog Commemorating the March on Washington: Where to watch on TV Emily Yahr All networks have programming leading up to the anniversary next week. The Style Blog Stamp of approval: Noel Wells might be joining SNL Jessica Goldstein Here we are again, all talking about Saturday Night Live like it's 1999. The Style Blog Kanye West reveals baby photo of North on Kris Jenner's talk show Emily Yahr "How cute is that gorgeous baby!" Kris gushed, before declaring that she has Kim's eyes and Kanye's cheeks. TV highlights: March on Washington programming begins — Emily Yahr Plus, a piece on 20/20 about rampant hit-and-runs in Los Angeles. TV highlights for Aug. 22: Ghost Shark original movie on Syfy — Emily Yahr TBSs Sullivan  Son wraps up Season 2, and contestants compete for $50,000 on ABCs Wipeout. TV highlights: Royal Pains, Top Chef Masters — Emily Yahr Plus, four more acts advance to the next round on Americas Got Talent. The Style Blog Justin Timberlake and *NSync set to join list of performers at MTV's VMAs Cara Kelly The boy band is said to be reuniting for the first time in 10 years for Sunday's live show. TV highlights for Aug. 20: Al Jazeera America launches — Emily Yahr A mom deals with guilt from the death of her daughter on ABCs Extreme Weight Loss. TV Critic Read reviews, essays and cultural commentary from TV Critic Hank Stuever . Hank Stuever reviews Read More The TV Column: New television shows for Fall 2013 FOX, NBC, ABC, CBS and CW announce new fall shows. Creator J.J. Abrams and stars Michael J. Fox and Blair Underwood return. Returning shows for Fall 2013 Primetime Viewing Tonight  View complete TV Listings The Post Most: Entertainment Most-viewed stories,videos, and galleries in the past two hours Most Popular Miley Cyrus and the issues of slut-shaming and racial condescension Smith family reactions, Taylor Swift: 11 VMAs moments you may have missed Jesus is first subject of Amazons Icons biography series Juicy J: Rowdy rapper is surprisingly serene Selena Gomez chides reporter who asks what Taylor Swift said at the VMAs Top Videos Miley Cyrus, Robin Thicke perform at the MTV Video Music Awards Taylor Swift calls out ex in VMA speech Justin Timberlake wins video of the year at VMAs *NSYNC reunites for MTV Video Music Awards Eugene Allen: Real-life inspiration for The Butler Top Galleries What to eat before and after exercise N Sync, Miley Cyrus and more MTV VMA top moments MTV VMAs 2013: Katy Perry, Macklemore, Justin Timberlake and more Travel Photo Contest 2013 winners Celebrities who joined the March on Washington sectionVar:false Entertainment Newsletters Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox. Going Out Guide: Dinner  Drinks Going Out Guide: With The Kids Going Out Guide Movies See all Washington Post Newsletters   The Washington Post Politics Opinions Local Sports National World Business Tech Lifestyle Entertainment Photo Video Blogs Classifieds More ways to get us Home delivery Mobile  Apps RSS Facebook Twitter Social Reader Newsletter  Alerts Washington Post Live Reprints  Permissions Post Store e-Replica Archive Contact Us Help  Contact Info Reader Representative Careers Digital Advertising Newspaper Advertising News Service & Syndicate About Us The Washington Post Company In the community PostPoints Newspaper in Education Digital Publishing Guidelines Partners Capital Business Capitol Deal El Tiempo Latino Express Find Foreign Policy Washington Post Master Class Parade Magazine Washington Post Tickets The Root Service Alley Slate StudentAdvisor Trove WP Wine Club washingtonpost.com  1996- The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Section:/entertainment/tv  