 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Cars, Trucks  Autos SUVs What Is a Crossover Car? What Is a Crossover Car? By Leonardo R. Grabkowski , eHow Contributor Share Print this article What Is a Crossover Car? Crossovers (CUVs) are vehicles are styled similar to SUVs (Sport Utility Vehicles), but are not built on a typical SUV or truck chassis. Crossovers are built on car or minivan platforms, and tend to have sloping body lines. Crossovers have surged in popularity in recent years, and auto manufacturers have guided production towards them and away from traditional SUVs. Other People Are Reading List of Crossover Cars Difference Between a CUV & an SUV History The term "crossover" vehicle was originally a marketing term, but has become a full class of vehicle. Crossovers have been built since the mid-1990s, but were not labeled such until the early 2000s. Crossovers are generally referred to by their sloping body designs, but any SUV styled vehicle built upon a car chassis is considered a crossover by industry standards. Construction Crossovers are built on a unibody chassis, similar to cars, instead of the body on frame design that is usually associated with SUVs. The body on frame design is also well known as a truck chassis, associating SUVs with trucks more than cars, despite their wagon-like appearances. Crossovers usually utilize front wheel drive, with transversely mounted 4-cylinder or 6-cylinder engines, rather than the 8-cylinder engines often found in SUVs. Benefits Because crossovers utilize a car chassis, a more car-like ride and handling is usually found when driving crossovers. The lower curb weight associated with unibody construction, also drastically improves the fuel economy of a crossover vehicle versus traditional SUVs. Crossover vehicles tend to be less costly to produce because building a unibody vehicle requires less factory tooling and development than building a body on frame vehicle. The lower development cost usually is reflected in the MSRPs of the vehicles, making the cost more attractive to consumers. Disadvantages Crossover vehicles tend to have much lower towing ability than body on frame SUVs, because their unibody construction is not built for maximum towing capacity. They also usually have much lower limits for off-road usage, if any at all. Market Trends As the price of fuel has risen, sales of crossover vehicles have typically risen with it. Many auto manufacturers are shying away from traditional SUV production and moving production to crossovers.  Related Searches References What is a Crossover? Crossovers Gaining Market Hot Crossover Segment Photo Credit ttp://www.flikr.com More Like This List of Crossover Cars Difference Between a CUV & an SUV What Is a Crossover SUV? Comments You May Also Like What Is a Crossover SUV? A crossover SUV is essentially a vehicle that looks like a Sports Utility Vehicle, but performs like a car. Around for at... What Is a Speaker Crossover? A speaker crossover is used in home, ... What Is the Function of a Crossover? The crossover vehicle makes up a growing... How to Compare Crossover Vehicles Crossover vehicles are a cross between an sport/utility vehicle (SUV) and a minivan. The benefit of a crossover vehicle is that you... What Is an SUV? The more economical crossover vehicle, based on a passenger-car chassis, became popular for its SUV looks, all-wheel drive, smoother ride and high-ground... What Is a Cross Over Car? A crossover is also known as a crossover utility vehicle or CUV, a type of sport utility vehicle built on a car... SUV Vs. Truck The term sport utility vehicle (SUV) should ideally apply only to those heavy-hauling vehicles that are based on a pick-up truck chassis.... Facts About SUVs One fact common to most definitions is that SUVs must be built on a light truck frame, ... which are built on... What Is an Audio Crossover? It is essential to use an audio crossover if you want to produce the best quality sound for a PA sound system... What Does a Car Audio Crossover Do? A crossover is, in simple terms, a circuit, usually passive, that divides signals and sends them to different drivers. In home audio... The Difference Between Crossovers and SUVs The way to distinguish between a truck and a car chassis is that a truck has a cargo weight of at least... Definition of SUV The first factory-built SUV was General Motors 1936 Chevrolet Suburban built on truck chassis, ... car is any automobile that is built... What Is the Difference Between an SUV and a Crossover? In short: An SUV is a truck, and a crossover is a tall station wagon. The term crossover was developed by manufacturers... List of Different Types of SUVs Car-based SUVs typically rate highest in overall performance ... Like the midsize SUV, they are made on trucklike body-on-frame platforms that are... Crossover Vs. Hybrid Hybrid cars are vehicles that use two different power sources, such as gasoline and an internal battery. Crossover cars are unibody vehicles... List of SUV Makers The sport utility vehicle (SUV) is a popular type of truck that is typically larger and more off-road ... European SUV manufacturers... Difference Between a CUV  an SUV Photo Credit isolated luxury crossover suv car high speed image by ... The sport utility vehicle ... based on a pick-up truck... What Is Classical Crossover Music? Classical crossover music is a musical genre that combines elements of classical and ... Mozarts classical works were considered cutting-edge popular music... How to Install a Car Stereo Crossover Car stereo crossovers are essential components for a complete car audio system. The crossovers direct the signal frequency to the appropriate speakers.... How to Set a Two-Way Electronic Crossover for Car Audio An electronic crossover routes frequencies from your stereo to the proper speakers. Commonly, the speakers in the front and the rear of... List of Crossover Cars High fuel costs have made vehicle crossovers a preferred vehicle type over SUVs. With crossovers, drivers still get more storage than with... Related Ads  Check It Out The How To Garage: DIY Car Help You May Like What Is a Crossover SUV? What Is the Difference Between an SUV and a Crossover? A Comparison of CUV Vehicles The Difference Between Crossovers and SUVs How to Compare Crossover Vehicles How to Make a Crossover Crossover SUV Vs. Minivan What Is Crossover Music? Featured Oil Testing: What is My Oil Telling Me? Watch Video Preparing Your Car For Winter Driving Watch Video 5 Ways to Improve Mileage Watch Video Others Also Viewed What Is a Crossover SUV? Safety of Crossover Vehicles What Is a Cross Over Car? Crossover Vs. Hybrid How to Tow With a Crossover ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 