 Convertible Tops in Tucson Tucson's only Convertible Top Specialists Featuring Quality Convertible TopSales, Installation, Repair, and Replacement. The Fourth of July celebrates the birth of our country, as well as the founding of a set ofideals that still shape and guide this great nation we honor today. www.tucsontops.com Convertible Tops Tops are what we do best, replacing and repairing convertible and soft tops, and we also repair mechanical parts like hydraulic pumps, hoses, rams and cables. What makes us special is we are a clean modern shop staffed with friendly, competent people, who know what they are doing.Whether it's a Mazda Miata, MX5, Mustang, Sebring, to late model BMW Z4 and Z3, Mercedes Benz SL and CLK, Honda S2000, Porsche Boxster, Nissan 350Z, Toyota Solara or Jaguar XK8, From Audi to Z4, we do them all! Fall in Love with your car again! We can help! Just imagine your car with a nice new convertible top, clean clear windows and lookin good. Life's just better. Referrals Diversified is a Robbins Auto Tops preferred installation shop, a corporate sponsored program to help convertible owners locate pre-screened, professional, experienced, and honest trim shops to install Robbins tops. In addition, Diversified is a featured installer of Gahh convertible tops and European auto upholstery. Click on the link to view other convertible top picturers and even an old 1946 Ford Woody with seat upholstery made from GAHH cognac leather.Diversified is also an Authorized Dealership for Katzkin Leahter Interiors. You Found It! If you were looking for a trim shop that believes in top quality crafstmanship, and the gives the best service in Tucson, fast, honest, clean and on time, You Just Found It! Customers Our customers are people who want the job done right the first time, on time and as promised. They come from all around Southern Arizona, Tucson, and Phoenix, by way of referrals from other satisfied customers, new car dealerships, insurance companies, and independent auto repair garages. Get it Fixed Now. When it comes to convertible tops and auto upholstery, it is easy to let the little repairs go undone. As we all know, if left undone little things usually become big, and inexpensive repairs can grow to become very expensive. Our advice, don't wait until you need an extreme makeover: fix it now! List of Most Common Tops Mazda Miata Convertible Top Mazda MX-5 Convertible Top Porsche 911 Convertible Top Porsche Boxster Convertible Top Honda S2000 Convertible Top BMW Z3 Convertible Top BMW Z4 Convertible Top Mustang Convertible Top Sebring Convertible Top Toyota Solara Convertible Top Nissan 350Z Convertible Top Jaguar XK8 Convertible Top Jaguar XJS Convertible Top Jaguar XKR Convertible Top Corvette Convertible Top Mercedes Benz CLK Convertible Top Diversified Auto Upholstery The Convertible Top Specialists. Featuring Quality Convertible TopSales, Installation, Repair, and Replacement. Pages: Front Page Photo Gallery FAQ for Convertible Tops FAQ for Auto Upholstery Motorcycle Seat Upholstery. Auto Upholstery Insurance Claims Info Location Contact Katzkin Leather Interiors Call Now 520-324-0826 E-Mail Here for info Links: J Restoration Leather and Vinyl repair. Falconworks, Tucson's best Jaguar and Land Rover repair. Dearing Automotive, Mercedes-Benz, BMW, and Porsche repair. European Auto Tech, Independent European service center. Old Pueblo Miata Club. Executive Referral Club in Tucson. Auto Upholstery in Tucson. Premier Auto Upholstery. Midwest Tops and Upholstery. Chicagoland's Auto Trim Headquarters Convertible Tops Convertible top sales Convertible top replacement Convertible top repair Glass Window replacement Sewn-in window replacement Tinted window upgrades Glass window upgrades Glass window re-bonding Convertible top wells and boots Convertible Top Frames Tacking strip replacement Pad and strap replacement Side tension cable replacement Bushing replacement and joint repair Broken frame welding Frame replacement parts Power Tops Hydraulic ram replacement Hydraulic pump motor repair/replacement Hydraulic hose replacement Electric motor repair and replacement. Gear box and drive cable repair and replacement Switches and electrical repair. Diversified Auto Upholstery, Inc. 3415 East Kleindale Rd. 101 Tucson, Arizona Contact us | Privacy policy | Sitemap | Back to top Convertible Tops in Tucson, Auto Upholstery in Tucson.  2005-2006 TucsonHank. Design by Andreas Viklund . 