 Old Cars Weekly Register Login Skip to content  Home Subscribe Old Cars Weekly Old Cars Report Price Guide Sweepstakes Classifieds Shop July Value Pack Skip to content News Hobby News Auction News Car Show News Editors Picks Features Club News Museum News Mystery Photos New Products QA Shows/Auctions Car Auction Calendar Car Show Calendar Cruise Calendar Iola Car Show Collector Cars 30s Cars 40s Cars 50s Cars 60s Cars Muscle Cars Pre-War Classics Car of the Week Reader Rides Restoration Old Car Restoration Tips Restoration Resources Car Blogs Under the Hood Gunners Garage Salvage Yard Ron Car Reports  Values Old Cars Report Auction Sold Prices Price Guides Resources Digital Magazines Auto Club Directory Auto Museum Directory Podcasts Online Seminars Links  Get Our Newsletter Get Free Stuff 78% SAVINGS & 4 BONUS ISSUES Subscribe Now *  Symco Shakedown rumbles into town Aug. 10-11 Stroker McGurk creator loses 40 Ford in garage fire  Car of the Week: 1951 Mercury convertible Categories: Car of the Week Tags: Mercury . bearnest | January 30, 2012 By Brian Earnest Arthur French has owned his 1951 Mercury convertible for nearly three decades, and sooner or later you have to figure the novelty will wear off a little bit. So far, though, his love affair with the ’51 Mercs hasn’t cooled a bit. Actually, though he’s owned it since the early 1980s, the ragtop is the newbie in French’s garage. He also has a ’51 Mercury mild custom coupe as a companion to the convertible, and he’s had that one for 40 years. It’s clear when French starts gushing about his Mercs that his passion for the cars will never die. The Sheffield Green convertible, in particular, has French’s heart racing again these days. After leaving it mostly untouched for all these years, he finally had it repainted and restored this fall. He got the car back in late November, looking better than ever, and the honeymoon with the Merc began all over again. “It’s such a sweet car. I just feel very lucky to own such a car,” admits the gregarious French, a resident of Wainscott, N.Y. “The car is just outstanding. There is not a rattle in the car. No noise, nothing, which I cannot figure out to beat the band.” On top of being a great restored specimen, French’s ragtop is also rare. The ’51 Merc droptops are exceedingly scarce and in demand these days. There were 6,759 examples built for the model year, but only an estimated 50 to 60, depending on who you believe, are known to survive today. “I was just shocked when a guy told me that for the first time,” French said. “He’s got one, and he said there were only 50 left, but I think it’s 60. There’s gotta be a few locked away in barns somewhere … but there’s not many. Yeah, I guess to have something that is not readily available makes me feel special that I’m the one driving it!” French admits he wasn’t even looking for a 1951 Mercury when he wound up with the car back in the 1980s. He had his black coupe at home and finding another ’51 was not in the plans. He did learn about a ’51 convertible for sale in Pittsburgh, Pa., though, and when he decided to go look at the car, one thing led to another. The car in Pittsburgh didn’t pan out, but before French and a friend headed back home, they found an advertisement for a 1949 Mercury convertible in Ohio. The pair decided to make the six-hour trip to see that car, but passed on that one, too, when they found out it was more of a project than French wanted to take on. “The owner was kind enough to take us home for lunch, at his home, and he had all kinds of cars,” French said. “Then we saw this ’51 under a car cover, and I asked him about the car. I made him an offer and he said no way, the car wasn’t for sale.” A couple months later the man changed his mind and called French at home. “He said, ‘Are you still interested in the car?’ and I said, ‘Yeah, and he said, ‘I’ll have it there tomorrow’ and he delivered the car to me.” French spent the next 25-plus years sharing happy seat time in both of his Mercurys, but not long ago “some things came up” and he began making plans to sell the convertible. The car was still in splendid original shape at the time. The previous owner had re-done the interior in the original style in about 1974, but the car was otherwise unrestored. French figured there would be more interest among buyers if he gave the car new paint, however, and he sent the car to Jeff Ludwig in Denver, Pa., for paint and some other small touch-ups. “The only reason I sent it out was to maximize the value of the car with the new paint job,” he said. “That’s the only reason I had anything done. At the time, I thought I had to sell it.” “[Ludwig] said it would be easier to paint it with the engine out, so we pulled the engine and then we wound up just doing a frame-off [restoration]. We didn’t need to really do anything to it at the time… We had it all soda-blasted down and the soda-blaster said, ‘I usually don’t get cars like this to do.’” The Chestnut Brown and Autumn Haze two-tone interior was left alone, but the running gear and undercarriage got the full treatment. A crack was also discovered in the block of the flathead engine — “We found some coolant in the crankcase” — so French had to track down another block, which he found in Wisconsin. “It was a ’51 block, too,” he added. “It’s been rebuilt and it’s running smooth. It’s a strong car. The guy who did it just does great work. He did my black car, too. He does everything right. He even sanded down the wheel cylinders and painted those.” Before French got the car back, however, a few things in his family life changed and he decided he didn’t have to sell the car after all. If he had any regrets about having all the work done to his convertible, they disappeared the moment he saw the finished product. “When the trucker pulled up with this thing … he got out and says to me, ‘Wait ’till you see what I’ve got for you.’ … I’m telling you, I was stunned when I looked at it. [Ludwig] just does magnificent work. What he did with this car — you have to stand next to it and look at it. Pictures of it don’t do it justice.” The iconic 1949-51 Mercurys were cool to begin with, and made even cooler when James Dean squinted at movie-goers through the windshield of his 1949 coupe in “Rebel Without A Cause.” The cars went on to become prime fodder for street rodders and thousands were frenched, chopped, decked, flamed, scalloped and turned into led sleds. More than 400,000 coupes were built between 1949-51, but only 31,865 ragtops were born during that period. A new grille that was integrated with the signal lights appeared in 1951. Vertical tail lights replaced the horizontal units from the 1949 and 1950 models. The wraparound bumper became even more prominent. French has had plenty of time to do his homework on the ’51 ragtop over the years and he’s discovered that his car was the fifth example off the line at St. Louis Assembly Plant. It was sold new to a man in Sharonville, Ohio, and came with optional fender skirts, rocker panel moldings, cowl scuff plates, power windows and seat, a radio and automatic transmission. Under the hood was the 255-cid flathead V-8 — the only engine choice — that was rated at 112 hp. French’s car lived the first three decades of its life in Ohio before finally getting a new home in New York. “I don’t know who [the original owner] sold it to, but what I was told by the guy I bought it off of was the car went back to the dealership and was used in display for about 10 years, or something like that,” French said. “And then he bought the car, but he never titled the car. He did have it, but the title was open … He had to go back and do the paperwork and get me a fresh title from the Ohio Department of Motor Vehicles and send it to me.” Clearly, everybody who has owned French’s convertible has gone out of their way to take care of the car. It has never had any significant bodywork or rust repair done to it, and the odometer shows only 57,000 miles and change. “On that rebuilt engine, it’s only got 125 miles,” he said. “It’s like a brand new car.” French has made a few concessions to non-originality under the hood. He’s swapped out the original black hoses for chrome plumbing, and he’s dressed up the engine bay elsewhere with chrome acorn nuts atop the head and manifold bolts. The carburetor top and water pump are also chrome. “I wanted to just dress it up a little for car shows,” French said. He has also added headers and dual exhaust. “The manifold and crossover pipe, when it was time to send them out and get them powdercoated, it was just cheaper to put headers on there,” French said. “I still have all the stuff to make it original. It would take a day, or half a day, to put it back to what it was.” He says he splits time these days rolling around Wainscott in his bookend Mercurys and enjoying every mile. “Sure, I get a little nervous … I don’t park it where people can open a door into it. I’m careful with it,” he said of the convertible. “I don’t speed with it and I’m fully aware of the traffic and everything, and the undercarriage has been all done, so I don’t take it out if there is any moisture on the roads. “But I drive it, you bet. Believe me, if I had to trailer it and couldn’t drive it, I wouldn’t want it.” Not long ago, French figured he’d be parting ways with the green convertible. Today he cringes at the thought. “I feel so fortunate that I own this car. The fact that it’s such a special car,” he says. “I’m going to keep it until they put a tag on my toe. I’ll let my kids worry about it. That’s the truth. I will never sell this car.” ______________ If you don’t subscribe to Old Cars Weekly magazine , you’re missing out on the only weekly magazine in the car hobby. And we’ll deliver 54 issues a year right to your mailbox every week for less than the price of a oil change! Click here to see what you’re missing with Old Cars Weekly ! _______ Got a car you’d like us to feature as our “ Car of the Week “? We want to hear from you! E-mail us and tell us all about it. _______ Standard Catalog of American Cars 1946-1975 This revised 4th Edition is the most thorough post-WWII automobile reference ever assembled. This huge reference book includes complete model information for every American-made car manufactured from 1946-1975. Check it out  Symco Shakedown rumbles into town Aug. 10-11 Stroker McGurk creator loses 40 Ford in garage fire  9 Responses to Car of the Week: 1951 Mercury convertible Maury Clark says: February 5, 2012 at 10:57 am OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOh MauryClark Log in to Reply  RICK VANDER PERREN says: February 6, 2012 at 9:28 am SWEET!!! Log in to Reply  Greg Green says: February 9, 2012 at 1:24 pm I have a 1950 Cadillac 61S Sedan Id be willing to sell. Have had the car 48 years! Make offer. Log in to Reply  John says: April 15, 2012 at 7:37 pm What do you want for it? Log in to Reply Raymond F. Pittam says: February 15, 2012 at 11:30 am That is a fine looking Mercury Convertible and I would love more info on that 1950 Cadillac. I have been playing with classics, customs, Rods and Frame chassis all my life. My oldest brother was always building cars and old pickups..My very first car I built was when I was ten years old, I built my own All American Soap Box Derby in 1949.I still have the wheels and rebuilt a Derby car just last year on the old parts. My number one car I ever owned was a 1949 Ford Custom Convertible I bought and whild I was away in the Army My oldest Brother took that car unknown to me and took it all apart cutting, chopping, lowering channeling, shortening, and even changing the motor to a 1951 Mercury MO. Highway Patrol Interceptor engine with Dual 4 barrel Carbs, He then Chopped the hood and aded a scoop with Louvers. Changed the size of wheels from 16 inch down to 15 inch Chrome Rims with wide belt white sidewalls. and added a Continental Kit and Bumper with a Hollywood style top with the two back side windows blocked to over with the Top being brought all the way up to match in with the front door windows. Then he had the rear widow with the center being able to be unzipped with rap around panels on each side. It had dual Smittys along with static Electric lights along each side and Tear Drop Fender Skirts. The Top was white, and car was Candy Apple red with side chrome that started in front of the stock side chrome and went around and over it and dropped back down to the side chrome. It was featured several times in different Classic, Hot Rod, and Custom Car Magazines. My brother was William Bill Toney of Toneys Rods and Customs from the 1940s all the way through the 1980s out of the Pony Express City. Log in to Reply  Raymond F. Pittam says: February 15, 2012 at 11:39 am I would like anyone who loves old cars to come and visit my web sites. I have three main sites I am trying to get off the ground. They are free, View site: Northern CA. Classic Car Tours (Creator/Owner) Site created: Oct 2, 2010 Last post: Feb 2, 2012 Web address: http://northerncaclassiccartours.shutterfly.com Site members e-mail: northerncaclassiccartours@sfly.com Add pictures to site Invite Send message to members And View site: All American Soap Box Derby Northern CA (Creator/Owner) Site created: Apr 13, 2011 Last post: Jan 30, 2012 Web address: http://allamericansoapboxderbynca.shutterfly.com Site members e-mail: allamericansoapboxderbynca@sfly.com Add pictures to site Invite View siteMt Shasta Orphan Classics Group (Member) Site created: Oct 5, 2008 Last post: Feb 15, 2012 Web address: http://mtshastaophanclassicsgroup.shutterfly.com Site members e-mail: mtshastaophanclassicsgroup@sfly.com Add pictures to site Send message to members We welcome everyone world wide, Check: Oldride.com , also. We are their featured Club. Log in to Reply  Tom Claassen says: May 23, 2012 at 11:29 am Great to see my dad Hadone only 2 weeks old,when he bought it.it was reposessed he got it cheap. it was yellow.I remember riding in it many times with the top down. it was great. it also had a blacktop. Log in to Reply  lanny says: September 9, 2012 at 9:28 pm i started doing autobody work when i was 14 im now 60 with copd from sandblasting and body work! through the years i fixed everyone elses old car but not mine which is a51 yellow merc convt. now im old with little money and aunrestored merc ive had for40 years in a shed is there any justice in this life. no i wont sell her just wish id have been smarter thanks for letting me wine a little lanny Log in to Reply  arthur says: December 29, 2012 at 3:29 pm Lanny read your note it is not wining just lamenting. Would like to see photos of your merc. Arthur Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment.  Subscribe Give a gift Renew GET A FULL YEAR 56 ISSUES Save 78% Today! July Special! Get the 2014 Collector Car Price Guide Value Pack for only $39.99. There are only 50 available! 2014 Collector Car Price Guide Value Pack Check these out too: 2013 Collector Car Price Guide Cars We Love Old Cars Insider Club Standard Catalog of American Cars 1946-1975 Standard Catalog of Pontiac 1926-2002 Old Cars Guide to Auto Restoration CD Automotive Marketplace Browse all listings Place your ad Dealer Listings SPONSORS  Resources: The Hot Rod Shop For over 20 years, Direct Connect Auto Transport has moved vehicles for thousands of customers worldwide. Nationwide car transport companies . Car shipping rates calculator by Montway.  Google Links Popular Links Featured Links Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Old Cars Report RSS Privacy Learn more about related publications and services produced by F+W Publications for automotive collectors and enthusiast: Old Cars Report Price Guide Military Vehicles | Antique Trader Car Collector Books | Krause Book Store | Collect.com F+W Media, Inc. | Career Opportunities  Copyright F+W Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 