 Skip to main content News Utility Menu Stay Connected For the Media Contact Us Search form Search News Penn State People Departments  Penn State University News for: Students Visitors  Neighbors Faculty  Staff Business  Industry Alumni News from: Campuses Abington Altoona Beaver Berks Brandywine DuBois Erie Fayette Great Valley Greater Allegheny Harrisburg Hazleton Hershey Lehigh Valley Mont Alto New Kensington Penn College Schuylkill Shenango University Park Wilkes-Barre World Campus Worthington Scranton York Colleges Agricultural Sciences Arts and Architecture Communications Earth and Mineral Sciences Eberly College of Science Education Engineering Health and Human Development Information Sciences and Technology Liberal Arts Medicine Penn State Law School of Nursing Smeal College of Business  Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Penn State News News Main Menu Home Research Academics Impact Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment Music Theater Comedy Dance Art Movies and TV Arts and Entertainment Arts and Entertainment Top News Top news RSS feed Go to video Anda Union Galloping Horses 8/27/13 Anda Union performing Galloping Horses Polka concert, ice cream sale close Brodhead Cultural Center’s season 8/26/13 The Penn State Beaver Brodhead Cultural Center will close its 37th summer season of programming with a free concert presented by the Joe Grkman Polka Band at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 27, at the J.P. Giusti Amphitheater. Prior to the show, the Beaver Valley Area Chapter of the Penn State Alumni Association will sell Penn State Berkey Creamery ice cream from 6 to 7:30 p.m. Proceeds will benefit the Alumni Chapter’s scholarships for Beaver campus students. Gallery to display ‘No Place for the Weak’ Native American exhibit 8/22/13 The interweaving of Native American cultures with modern times is a focus of the next exhibit at The Gallery at Penn College, on the third floor of Pennsylvania College of Technology’s Madigan Library. Arts Festival Sidewalk Sale and Exhibition ranked No. 1 8/20/13 The Sidewalk Sale and Exhibition of the Central Pennsylvania Festival of the Arts recently ranked first on the list of 100 Best Fine Art and Design Shows in America published by Sunshine Artist magazine. The 21st annual poll, published in the September 2013 issue of Sunshine Artist, is based on sales totals reported by exhibitors at the 2012 festival. ‘Conversations LIVE’ to discuss end-of-summer gardening tips 8/15/13 The next installment of WPSU-TV’s "Conversations LIVE" tackles the topic of end-of-summer gardening in "Get Your Garden On!" Host Patty Satalia is joined by Tom Butzler, Steve Bogash and John Esslinger, all horticulture educators with Penn State’s Cooperative Extension. WPSU works with national effort to preserve funding for public media 8/14/13 Penn State Public Media, in partnership with more than 400 public radio and television stations across the country, is re-launching an online grassroots campaign to sustain federal funding for public media under a new name and website, Protect My Public Media. Series highlights key environmental-related issues 8/13/13 The popular Earth and Mineral Sciences Library film series returns this fall semester with a varied line-up of documentaries. The film screenings are held every Wednesday at 12:15 p.m. in 105 Deike Building, and are free and open to the public. More details about the series can be seen online at: http://www.libraries.psu.edu/content/psul/emsl/aboutus/filmseriesBreak.html . Fall 2013 Arts Project workshop series announced 8/13/13 The Arts Project at Penn State Lehigh Valley will offer a variety of workshops for six weeks from Sept. 16-Oct. 24. All instructors are Penn State adjunct faculty for the campus’ growing art program and bring a wealth of artistic experiences to the program. Gallery exhibit: Words as Images 8/13/13 The Gallery at Penn State Lehigh Valley will host a new exhibition featuring the work of six artists. "Words as Images" runs Aug. 26-Oct. 11 with a reception from 5 to 7 p.m. on Sept. 11. The exhibit and reception are free and open to the public. Momix will take fanciful dance through the natural world in Botanica 8/12/13 Nature, like the weather, is ever changing. In its dance-theater production "Botanica," Momix revels in the animated world of nature and its evolving beauty. The internationally famous company of dancer-illusionists, last seen at Penn State in a 2009 performance of "Lunar Sea," opens the Center for the Performing Arts 2013–2014 season with its production of "Botanica" at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 12, in Eisenhower Auditorium. Can bird-watching make you a better writer? Yes, says Earths Eye speaker 8/9/13 Bird-watching can make you a better writer, says the poet and essayist Lia Purpura. She'll explain at the "Earth's Eye" writing festival, at Presque Isle State Park on Sept. 7. Sensing Change in the climate brings together science and art 8/8/13 Ken Davis is one of eight scientists featured in “Sensing Change,” a project by the Chemical Heritage Foundation’s Center for Contemporary History and Policy that brings art and science together in exhibits and oral histories focused on seeing changes in surrounding environments. Penn State Public Broadcasting changes name to Penn State Public Media 8/6/13 Penn State Public Broadcasting has launched a new identity as Penn State Public Media (PSPM) to better reflect the breadth of public service media it is currently providing. Penn State Laureate Womack releases third novel 8/5/13 A third novel by Kenneth Womack, senior associate dean for Academic Affairs, has been released for purchase. Penn State Public Media receives five Mid-Atlantic Emmy nods 8/2/13 Penn State Public Media, WPSU has received five Mid-Atlantic Emmy nominations from the National Academy of Arts and Sciences. These regional awards recognize local productions for excellence in television programming. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 … next › last » Featured Events Nittany Valley Shakespeare Company performs 'As You Like It' Saturday, September 7, 2013 - 7:30 p.m. Misciagna Family Center for Performing Arts Feuding brothers! Cross-dressing! Love at first sight! Shakespeare’s comedy, "As You Like It," will be presented by the Nittany Valley Shakespeare Company. Media Highlights MarketWatch (The Wall Street Journal): June 18, 2013 Retire here, not there: Pennsylvania Education is the backbone of State College ... home to one of the nation’s top-rated universities, Penn State. For retirees, the university offers plenty of perks. Pittsburgh Tribune-Review: April 18, 2013 Laser wizard sparkles in Oblivion Penn State Behrend alum George Dodworth brought the magic to Tom Cruise's latest film. Dodworth earned a B.S. in Electrical Engineering at the college in 1999. Other Voices What Baz Luhrmann Asked Me About The Great Gatsby While making the new film version of The Great Gatsby, director Baz Luhrmann reached out to Penn State English Professor and Fitzgerald scholar James West for help. from: Huffington Post Golden Memories A look at where the Penn State College of Arts and Architecture has been and where it's headed as it celebrates 50 years. from: Town and Gown  News for: Students Visitors  Neighbors Faculty  Staff Business  Industry Alumni News by Topic Research Academics Global Campus Life Athletics Administration Arts and Entertainment News by Campus Abington Altoona Beaver Berks Brandywine DuBois Erie Fayette Great Valley Greater Allegheny Harrisburg Hazleton Hershey Lehigh Valley Mont Alto New Kensington Penn College Schuylkill Shenango University Park Wilkes-Barre World Campus Worthington Scranton York News By College Agricultural Sciences Arts and Architecture Communications Earth and Mineral Sciences Eberly College of Science Education Engineering Health and Human Development Information Sciences and Technology Liberal Arts Medicine Penn State Law School of Nursing Smeal College of Business Stay Connected Email / Newswires Emergency Notifications / PSUTXT RSS Feeds For the Media Photo Galleries Videos Social Media Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr LinkedIn Google+ Instagram Pinterest  Top Contact Us Feedback Search 312 Old Main, University Park, Pennsylvania 16802 814-865-7517 Privacy and Legal Statements Copyright Information The Pennsylvania State University  2013  