 Cars For Sale Parts For Sale Articles All Classifieds Advanced Search    Cars Parts Directory Articles     Gift Subscriptions  More  Classifieds Place a Classified Ad View Classifieds Cars Parts Services View All Dealer Showroom Auction Showroom Publications Subscribe Renew Free Trial Magazines Hemmings Motor News Hemmings Classic Car Muscle Machines Sports  Exotic Car Tablet Editions HemmingsTV Hemmings Radio Search Archive Daily Email Newsletter Purchase Back Issues Periodical Pitstop Blog Latest Posts Find of The Day Archive Daily Newsletter Events & Activities Events Calendar Hemmings Sponsored Events Clubs Museums Auctions Place an Event Ad Community Register for Account My Profile Submissions from Readers Facebook Twitter Flickr Stolen Car Notices Guides & Tips Buying Tips Price Guides Buyers Guides Restoration Tips Tech Articles Hemmings Books Store Subscriptions 2013 Calendars Back Issues Browse All Customer Service Register for Account Subscribe Renew Change Address Parts Locator Help /FAQ Advertising Info Report Dispute or Scam About Us Subscribe Now Home / Hemmings Daily / Article Place an Ad | Account Account Place an Ad Account Favorites     New Orleans, 1963 | Blog Home | Skills 101  How to avoid used car scams     Is car culture dying? No. Daniel Strohl  Jul 11th, 2013 at 4pm  | 68 comments Over the last few weeks, weve heard quite a bit in the national media  again  about how kids just dont care about cars. As somebody still in that oh-so-desired 18-to-35 demographic, I cringe just about every time any national media outlet decides to twirl up a story about generational issues for the exact same reasons that Matt Bors recently (and ironically) illustrated on CNN : Trying to lump any age group together under one common set of characteristics will inevitably lead to the disaster of stereotyping, which might make for sensationalist headlines, but ends up a seriously lazy and inaccurate portrayal of reality. That said, both Elisabeth Rosenthals New York Times story, The End of Car Culture, and Aaron Schrank and Sonari Glintons NPR Morning Edition story on how toys influence car culture among kids, which ran earlier this week, end up just wheel-spinning cliched exercises in whipping up something out of nothing. Weve seen plenty of thoughtful responses to the two pieces from Jalopnik , Autoculture , and Clunker Nation , so I thought Id pile on with a rebuttal that I wrote for the September 2012 issue of Hemmings Motor News , which is just as relevant nearly a year later: Why the Collector-Car Hobby Isnt Really Dying Despite my best efforts to impress upon the worldwide collector-car hobby the notion that younger generations do indeed have an interest in older cars and will keep the hobby going for many decades to come, Ive read yet another diatribe blaming todays youth for the impending death of the hobby. Bzzt, wrong. Do not pass Go, do not collect $200. This time, all the hand-wringers fret about Millennials general loss of interest in cars and statistics such as those released by the Federal Highway Administration that claim only 46.3 percent of potential drivers 19 and younger had their drivers licenses in 2008, versus 64.4 percent in 1998. Or poll results such as those released by Gartner that claim 46 percent of drivers 18 to 24 would choose Internet access over owning a car. General Motors is even teaming up with MTV to learn how to market to the kidz, probably by somehow employing backwards ball caps. In response, old guys now blame smart phones, tablets, Facebook, Twitter, the Intertubes and all sorts of technology for stealing the attention of younger generations (all the while penning their screeds with fountain pens on vellum, Im sure). Or else they blame an increasingly restrictive maze of big government legislation for making it tougher for younger drivers to own, insure, and operate a car. Or else they blame the jellybean, fuel-injected and plastic-filled cars younger drivers have to choose from nowadays. Or else they blame the greater cost of buying and gassing up cars nowadays. It seems the statistics offer up less a snapshot of youth priorities today than they do a kind of Rorschach test, leading the observers to layer the stats with their own insecurities, biases and opinions. Besides, these are simply statistics, and stats rarely tell the whole story. Perhaps outside pressures not addressed in the survey (college, extracurricular sports, the Great Recession, high youth unemployment) have as much or more influence on whether young people get their licenses than a simple matter of interest. Perhaps that lost 18.1 percent wouldnt have become car enthusiasts anyway. Besides, at least when it comes to the United States, its still a big suburban country with a woefully underdeveloped public transportation system. Americans will continue to drive cars, will continue to cherish personal mobility, and will continue to wax nostalgic about the cars of their youth as they grow older. Barring the Apocalypse, economic collapse, mass migration of youth into urban areas, or a sudden massive investment in infrastructure, its safe to say that the collector-car hobby will go on. Thats not to say, however, that the hobby will remain frozen in time. It changes with the generations along with the relative definition of the word old. Car enthusiasts in their 20s, 30s, and 40s care less for muscle cars and 1950s chromemobiles than they do for BMWs 3-series, water-cooled Volkswagens, Fox-body Mustangs, and Nissan Z-cars. To them, these are old cars, the cars they admired while growing up, and many a car of the 1980s and 1990s has already been lovingly preserved, modified, or restored by these children of the 1980s and 1990s. The older generations of car enthusiasts cannot expect the younger generations to like, own, and restore the same cars, nor vice versa. Every generation has differing influences and values; arguing about whose influences and values are superior is pointless and only leads to generational conflict. Conflict leads to divisions, and divisions weaken the whole, so if anybody is to blame for the impending death of the collector-car hobby, its those who refuse to accept the hobbys evolution, both forward and backward in time. But Im not assigning blame today, because the hobby isnt dying at all, its merely changing, and the change will come whether we like it or not. So, please, national news media, stop wringing your hands over a fresh batch of statistics. Apply some reasoning. Go out to see a car show sometime. And stop trying to make us all  young and old  fit into your convenient little narratives. Share |  68 Comments - Leave a Reply Written by Daniel Strohl Jul 11th, 2013 at 4pm Posted in Hemmings Motor News Tagged with getting youth involved , opinion 68 Responses to Is car culture dying? No. almuck says: July 11, 2013 at 4:47 pm Daniel, you are so right! I teach a Sunday School class of 15  18-year-olds. Some of the boys ( 1 girl) in the class are car junkies!. One of the boys works at the local Ford dealer and drives a Ford Courier pickup, which he is working on refurbishing. Reply  RayM says: July 13, 2013 at 5:08 pm I have a 1979 Trans Am and both my kids 8 and 11 both want the car, they love going to car shows. Keep it fun for the kids and they will stay interested. Reply  almuck says: July 14, 2013 at 11:34 am I probably should have mentioned my 21-year-old daughter and her 23-year-old boyfriend. They are both certified car nuts. The BF owns a 1995 Mitsubishi Eclipse that he dotes on and my daughters dream car is a 1953 Chevy pickup. She would do some modifications to it, mechanically (like automatic and A/C) but would keep the outward appearance stock. I told her it might be possible to find a circa 53 Chevy with stock Powerglide and period-correct under-dash A/C unit and she got really excited. Reply Jacob Woelfel says: July 11, 2013 at 4:57 pm I have to agree with you that the car hobby is not dying. For example the high school I went to has a car show every year hosted by the auto shop class students and community members both bring there vehicles and they range from Model Ts to this last year a 2013 Porshe and it keeps growing. Also I am considered to be one of those younger enthusiast (22) and restoring a 1931 Model A Roadster with my grandfather (its his first car). Reply  dentss says: July 12, 2013 at 2:06 pm how many schools have automotive classes ? Reply  Bill OBeirne says: July 13, 2013 at 4:52 pm I like this story, and hope that it is all 100% true. However most beliefs, are not 100%. Where are those Automotive Shop classes? And have you checked the stats on youth at driving age getting their license, vs. say 1970? Its way down, some 45% I believe. Yes the changes are here and still to come. But seeing that kids of the 1990s to now are born with a Device in hand, my bet is on buying I phone 5s not opening them, and offering them at the RM auction in Monterey in the year 2040. Im older now, and would love to have 30 years or even 40 years back, but I am glad I grew up in the Auto hobby of old. I just think they are so unlucky to be celebrating in their youth a Maxima sedan purchase in their middle age. Reply jim says: July 11, 2013 at 5:11 pm well stated. Reply  Dan says: July 12, 2013 at 12:53 pm I agree! This statement is some what profound to me, I am going to use this as food for thought when subjects like this come up. Generalizing, in general, annoys me. Quote: Trying to lump any age group together under one common set of characteristics will inevitably lead to the disaster of stereotyping, which might make for sensationalist headlines, but ends up a seriously lazy and inaccurate portrayal of reality. Reply dukeisduke says: July 11, 2013 at 6:03 pm My oldest daughter (about to turn 13) is always wanting to watch old episodes of TopGear on Netflix, and has taken to snapping pictures of cars with her iPhones camera. One of her favorite cars? The Aston Martin DB9. So, no, the hobby isnt dying. Reply  Get It Right says: July 11, 2013 at 6:40 pm The Mainstream Media is engaging in wishcasting. They wish that car culture was dying. Freedom is bad, dont ya know. Get in line and get on the train, vassal! Reply  Dutch 1960 says: July 11, 2013 at 7:47 pm Sometimes its hard to recognize car culture when it is right in front of you, when it is a different car culture than the one you know. Kids often spend a lot of effort and demonstrate much skill in maintaining and modifying the electronics on newer cars. Us older guys often have no joy or interest in that sort of thing. Reply  Roger Lee says: July 11, 2013 at 7:51 pm Last weekend the Long Pond PA Pocono Raceway hosted the return of Indy car racing to the track. They were pleased with a crowd of 30,000. In 1971, they had crowds of over 100,000 for an Indy car race. Before he died several years ago, my father was both a Freemason and a volunteer fireman. Both organizations were desperately trying to create promotional programs to appeal to young people or face death of their organizations by graying and death of their members. Recently, golf promoters unveiled a plan to create the next generation of golfers supported by golf courses and golf equipment manufacturers facing declining sales as those who play the game of golf die off. The supporters of the sport were recruiting children as young as 5 for tournaments, events and field trips. In very touching posts to a model railroading bulletin board (of which I am a member) several elderly members have written posts asking what will become of their collections? There are fewer buyers for collections of locomotives, rolling stock, scenery and buildings which have taken a lifetime to collect, and many heirs have expressed no interest (or even disdain) at the thought of trying to dispose of these items. Collectible items in general which often enjoyed a 1000% compounded price increase in the last decades of the 20th century are now struggling to hold current value in the first decade of the 21st century. Television shows such as Antiques Roadshow are used to attempt to prop up prices, with mixed results. What does all this have to do with the collector car hobby? Simply this: We in the developed world (U.S., Europe, Japan, European Russia) are facing a demographic implosion of young people, and will soon face the greatest die off of humans in known history. It will rival the Black Death in real numbers, and except for theBlack Death, it will be, as a percent of total population the largest die off in world history. It is the demographic nightmare, a millennial event caused by the largest war in world history. Even if the percentage of young people as a percent of total young people interested in the car collecting hobby remained the same as it has historically been (and we know that is not true) we would still be facing a massive shrinkage in the hobby, as we will face in every hobby, industry or cultural activity which requires young people (and that is about all cultural activity) This IS the real zombie apocalypse and the reason that term is now so popular. Good news: the collector car hobby will survive, just as such other esoteric activities have (polo or bad mitten come to mind) butBad news: The car collecting hobby will be (as will be collecting in general) a shadow of what it once was. There will be more collectibles than collectors. The hobby will probably not suffer as greatly as some cultural activities: Ballet, Symphonic music and Opera are already in worldwide crisis and may only survive in archival memory (the Minuit as an active dance comes to mind). There is one thing to remember about this crisis: We cannot stop itlike the suddenly so popular zombie apocalypse movies teach us, we can only prepare and deal with it. And so it goes Reply  RollerD says: July 12, 2013 at 11:35 am Sir, that was an intelligent, thoughtful and somewhat sad post. Well done. Reply  Toivo K says: July 12, 2013 at 1:32 pm I agree, but not only will there be the die-off, but already so many elderly who are being kept alive artificially via meds and other means, have no interest in participating in life as they knew it and certainly not in the collector hobbies.We just went thru this for the last two years and now are faced with the task of placing a major collection (not cars) somewhere where it can be kept together if possible. A quandry for sure. Reply George says: July 11, 2013 at 8:17 pm I took my 18 year old niece (Im in my early 40s) for a spin in the 50 Olds hot rod. She loves the smells, the noises it makes, how fast it is, and the way it looks. She thinks its awesome that it is so primitive. She talked about it for weeks afterwards to anyone who would listen. Her high school band class held car shows annually to help support the class. Her and her friends were chauffeured to their prom in hot rods rather than limos. It shows me that there are plenty of youth out there who will keep the hobby going strong long into the future. Reply  Steve Hopkins says: July 11, 2013 at 9:09 pm Im an environmentalist with a guilty weak spot for ancient Detroit iron. While I wont bemoan the much-anticipated end of the internal combustion era, Im not holding my breath that millennials and their progeny will be able to resist the advertising-supported call of the open road any better than I did. Meanwhile, heres a song about living with an automotive death wish: https://soundcloud.com/biff-thuringer/automobile Reply  geomechs says: July 11, 2013 at 11:57 pm Yes, I agree that the car culture is NOT dying. I sometimes think that the affinity for real old cars is also affecting the younger kids. True, there is a change of direction in what younger kids view as old cars but things werent that much different when I was their age. I liked cars from the 30s now kids like cars from the 80s. And even some of them appreciate the cars from the 30s as well. I know Ive got to be more open when kids talk to me about an old 1979 Datsun pickup thats real cool. I cant rain on their parade so I after I get over the initial shock that anyone in their right mind would like something like that I ask them lots of questions and soon I actually find myself taking an interest in their enthusiasm. Reply  Jim V says: July 12, 2013 at 12:20 am I am a lifelong car nut age 53. My youngest son is 14. He has shown an interest in cars from little boy stage and his interest continues enthusiastically now. I have exposed him to old cars through working on our cars, car shows, cruise nights, and am very lucky to have car guy friends with a good mix of very cool stuff. He likes 50s-60s era stuff but likes some of the late stuff too. We looked at a 69 Dodge shortbox with a 318 a few weeks ago. He loved it but we didnt quite have the money. But he had some good ideas as to what he would do with it. He has a job and is saving money. He will take shop classes at the local tech center when he can. Our biggest challenge is money. And this is an expensive hobby. And depending on where you live you can only drive the hobby car 6 months of the year which means that you need money for a winter ride as well. I do see young people at local car shows with a variety of interests. I think that a key to keeping the hobby alive these days with all of the distractions is that we older people have to expose and encourage these kids to have fun with cars. We need to invest the time. When I was his age we seemed to have it easy. The stuff I like was cheap and available, especially in 70s So. Cal. And there were less distractions.. cars were our life! I dont know that its worse now, just different? I see a lot of young guys out in their cars on nice summer nights. It may not always be to my taste but they are out there. And you have to work with what you can find and afford.. if the kids want a later model whatever to play with, then we need to encourage and accept that. If we lay a foundation then they can learn and grow from that, and hopefully be as good or better than we ever were.. Reply  ehdub says: July 12, 2013 at 4:37 am hot damn http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOhg6LIBXCk Reply  Dan says: July 12, 2013 at 6:30 am I am also (only just) in the 18-to-35 demographic, and I agree with most everything Dan has said. However, Iand a lot of the enthusiasts in my age group that Ive knownhave a very strong appreciation for 1970s and prior vehicles. With the majority of new vehicles sitting on dealers lots today being uninspired and thoroughly bland dreck, though, I believe it will be harder to mold first-generation enthusiasts; most enthusiasts in the making will be of second and later generations. Reply  Chuck says: July 12, 2013 at 9:22 am It is ironic that in the rh column of this great article, the cheapest car for sale is the antique pedal car for $795 and next is a 1965 Volvo for $6250 and then prices jump  in other words its hard for kids to come up with car money unless theres an indulgent adult near by. In my day you could actually work and save enough for a cool car but it hardly seems possible now. Reply  Ken says: July 12, 2013 at 10:17 am With many kids coming out of college, having no job prospects or low-paying jobs as their only choice, it does make it hard to consider plunking down 5K for a hobby car. Reply  maxie says: July 12, 2013 at 10:51 am I think that you may have hit the nail on the head Chuck. My youngest lives and breathes older cars and bikes. But with his summer job from college at $15.00 an hour he wonders how he will ever slide into the seat of the Dodge Demon, or whatever,at $55K and rising. Reply Howard Arbiture says: July 12, 2013 at 9:58 am Thanks to Dan for a great article( as usual) First, I agree with Chuck, things are so different today, when I was young, ( sigh here), I always had the old man baffled. He never knew what I was driving. I remember buying 2 cars in a week, and some cool ones too, hardly ever thought theyd be collectible some day, (sound familiar?). Once, probably late 70s, my brother  I bought 2 cars, 1963 Alfa Spyder,  a 1964 Triumph TR-4. $250 bucks! Granted, the TR-4 was pretty tired, but we had a lot of fun with the Alfa. Deals long gone. Secondly, Classic Car  had a feature for a while,  The Next Generation. I was disappointed when it was dropped. Mr. Lentiello claims he was tired of articles on Mustangs  Pickups. While that is true about some young people, there were some neat stories about young people inheriting Grammas car, and suddenly , a new world opened up to them, and maybe some friends too. Thanks. Reply  Daniel Strohl says: July 12, 2013 at 10:08 am I ran the Next Generation department at HCC for a while. It was fun talking to the younger people who were into cars, and yes, we ran into a lot of them with Mustangs and pickups, though another aspect was that we ran into a lot of younger people interested in non-domestic cars, which arent HCCs subject matter. Over the last year or so, we have started to hand out Under-30 awards at our car shows and cruise-ins. Car type doesnt matter, as long as the owner (not just the person who drove it to the show) is younger than 30 years old. Its a good way of recognizing the younger people in our hobby. Reply Randy Regier says: July 12, 2013 at 10:14 am Just to touch on a thread by Roger Lee: Mature collectors, in general, are  how do I say this  stressed. Collections, whether they be vintage cars, model railroad genre, stamps, stationary engines or what have you, are no more a series of significant artifacts or machines than they are the manifestation of a very personal and autobiographical vision and desire by their collector, creator, author. This is also true with most vintage cars, particularly anything customized. So its tough (I feel) to expect a much younger generation to adopt (buy, follow, admire) the vision and dreams  fulfilled or not  of previous generations. Some may take this personally, but its not personal. Each of us in our time feel we have the right to author and appreciate our own aesthetic and values, and that usually begins with the dreams and desires first encountered in childhood, and in particular with what we once wanted but could not have (or be) then, but can now as adults with some means of income and/or skill set. I am 49, grew up pretty poor on an Oregon farm. Loved the occasional muscle car that would drive by, but REALLY loved the already then abandoned 49 Nash Ambassador that was leaning against a neighbors barn. So, naturally I still have the occasional wave of sentimental desire for a 49 Nash. Cant speak for model train aficionados or stamp collectors, but the origins of their desires and subsequent mission to acquire and create/recreate cannot be applied to my 23 year-old son, nor anyone elses. No one is too blame, each must find their own way. What happens to these collections? Well, they may leave this world with the one that loved them most and gave them meaning. Thats ok, thats the way the World is. Reply  Pjmk65 says: July 12, 2013 at 10:42 am I agree the hobby is changing but not disappearing. Though restoration costs and the cost of highly collectible cars have taken the hobby away from many, there are thousands of good older cars at reasonable prices. These are drivable and local show quality cars. I believe that Hemmings and other car sources could support interest in the lower end of the market. I am talking the $5,000 to $20,000 market range. This could counter act the stigma of $50,000  $100,00 cars which make people think this hobby is only for the rich. Reply  Daniel Strohl says: July 12, 2013 at 10:45 am Todays Hemmings Find of the Day has a $9,900 asking price. For more in that price range, start here: http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/?0=0adtypeFacet=Vehicles%20for%20Salesort=c_time_descpage_size=15price_min=5000price_max=20000 Reply  pjmk65 says: July 13, 2013 at 8:43 am You make a very good point. This is just one way to promote the hobby to the budget minded hobbyist. Reply Kirch says: July 12, 2013 at 10:44 am Something I wrote a while back that still rings true for me: As a younger (32) car guy, I can say the problems of getting and keeping the next generation in the hobby, of which there are many, are there, but can be overcome. First is the perception that everything is expensive. If you watch auction coverage or a build show, most of what you see is the high-dollar, cost is no object, restoration or modification. It is nice to see what happens with unlimited funds, but then everyone thinks a beat-up old car is worth too much to buy. This is the same for parts  repair. Older cars, especially 60s American cars, are hilariously inexpensive to work on. The perception of expense is due to the highlighting of expensive parts (think 426 Hemi) and comparisons to the cost of repairing the computerized systems on modern cars. Second is simple snobbery. Young and old, clubs and individuals are all guilty of this. If you follow the import scene, youre looked down on by the muscle car group. If youre a muscle car guy, youre accused of being stuck in the past by those who follow the modern cars. The concours-correct crowd considers modifications blasphemous. The eco-modders (yes, I consider them enthusiasts as well) dont get along with the high-horsepower racers. The best car show I ever went to was a little thing (about 20 cars). One group wasnt dominant, so everyone got along. The participants ranged from an unrestored Jag XK120, to an Isetta, to a restored 1920s Buick, to a beat-up 1950s Ford pickup and a couple muscle cars. It may have helped that the show was a side event for an area home tour. It was set up to give the guys something to do (the majority of home tour guests were female). It brought out a lot of people who wouldnt usually go to a car show; male and female, young and old. Third is what has been discussed before: the push away from vocational education and working with your hands. In school, we were taught to work hard so you can go to college and get a good office job and wouldnt have to work in manual labor. People are afraid to get their hands dirty, afraid to try and fix something, afraid theyll break it. Gadgets and gizmos are disposable; simpler to buy a new one than fix it. Start someone off with a simple device to fix, show them how to diagnose a simple problem. Something as basic as a toaster, for example. One of the first things I remember fixing was my parents old toaster (a broken spring inside). Shortly after, I had the idea to put a bigger spring in it and shoot the toast up to the ceiling. A lifetime of modification was born. I was fortunate to grow up in the country where thigs were fixed, rather than replaced. The toaster fix led to tires  tubes on a bicycle, which led to brakes on a truck, which led to a new engine in a tractor. Fourth is the trifecta of time, money, and space. Most everyone will tell you they dont have enough of them. Its hard to justify a weekend car or project when the bills keep coming, work keeps calling, and the garage is full of your daily driver. An older enthusiast has a duty to help get the younger generation involved. You have a big garage and every tool known to man? Help a young enthusiast with a simple job; show them they can do it. I can say, without a doubt, I would not be as into the hobby as I am without the knowledge, tools, and garage space of other enthusiasts. Friends see what Ive done with my old car and are thinking about modifying their daily drivers, something Id consider a first step to getting into the hobby. Could you do that? they ask. You can do it; I can show you how, I respond. Were out there. You may not see us at the auctions or the cruise nights, but were there. Some of us may have an old car in the garage and some may just have the twinkle in the eye when an old car rolls past. We may not follow the same cars you do; may not have the same philosophy; may not have the knowledge of decades of working on cars, but were interested. We see a vehicle and dont think, gee, thatll get me from place to place, we think, wow, that is really cool. I think I need one of those. Reply  Randy Regier says: July 12, 2013 at 10:57 am Well said. Good prompt. Wouldnt kill me to reach out a bit, Ive got the space, the skills and the desire to connect. Reply Larry Huffman says: July 12, 2013 at 11:08 am I believe  and am hopeful  the hobby will continue to thrive. The primary problem will be in finding cars to restore, whatever the level of restoration. Perhaps the four-doors, the two-doors, etc. will begin to be restored rather than become parts cars, as interesting cars are not being built in quantity anymore. Look at the new cars  Oh a new Malibu. Oh, a new Accord. Oh, a new Sonata. And basically, they all look alike. Reply  Scotty G says: July 12, 2013 at 11:16 am Just like whenever its cold out and some bonehead says, Ha, so much for global warming, eh?.. you have to look at the overall numbers. I hope Im wrong, but from what Ive read and heard, kids (yes, those from 18-35) arent as hot for cars as previous generations were. Kids just dont crave that drivers license anymore. Their parents are so coddling and afraid that theyll get an eyelash or a hangnail that they drive their kids all over, and the kids have grown to expect that. Soccer games when theyre 12 then job interviews when theyre 18. Helicopter parenting will be the death of the car society as we know it, or remember it. Reply  Steve R. says: July 12, 2013 at 11:41 am Im in full agreement with you, Scotty! I go to cruise-ins and car shows, maybe its me, but the majority I see is grey hairs like my self, any younger people are ones that mom and/or pop  bankrolled a new Camaro, Mustang or Challanger for them. I tryed getting my grandson involed with cars, car shows, going to see some drag racing and going with a spin with me, but he was more interested in computers and vidio games like his friends! Reply  Scotty G says: July 12, 2013 at 3:32 pm Motorcycle shows are a little different, I think. Ive been a member of the Antique Motorcycle Club of America (AMCA) and the Vintage Japanese Motorcycle Club (VJMC) and the folks there are mostly older grey hairs, like you said. But, there is an up and coming huge crowd of the full-arm-tattoo guys that like the rat rod bikes (if that makes any sense to call a bike a rod) and the café racer crowd and a few dirt bikers thrown in the mix for good measure. I guess its the same with the antique car shows (typically anything older than 1964?). The rat rodders are quickly overtaking the tuner car crowd, neither of which the grey hairs, in general, have a clue how to read or communicate with. I include myself in that even though I dont have grey hair yet at age 50.. but its nice to see at least some interest in old and/or collector vehicles from folks younger than 50. A certain big, famous auction company in Scottsdale has seen their market go from full classics to muscle cars and thats where things seem to be stuck lately. Maybe someday itll swing around to rat rods and tuner cars? Reply Leon Dixon says: July 12, 2013 at 11:40 am I dont think that the car hobby is necessarily dying. However at least three major things have happened to the automotive world in the past 25 years 1.) Generally speaking, you can no longer find REALLY interesting top-of-the-line vintage cars (whether they be classic, muscle era or what have you) that are affordable by the average person (especially the average young person) in todays economy. Even if they are run-down and beat to death. Tthe guy who has the rust bucket that looks like it came up from the bottom of the ocean and has been sitting in a pile for years, now THINKS hes gonna sell it for a pile and retire to Costa Rica with the windfall. I cant tell you how many times I have had some guy who knows zero about these cars, but has one for sale tell me, Yeah they sold one JUST LIKE THIS at the auction on TV for forty gajillion dollars! And with yearly bacchanalia greed fests (auctions) splashed all over television, newspapers, magazines and the internet the rationale for wanting such vehicles is vastly eroded. People look at them as part of an investment portfolio. The tax people now what to know how many and what you own! The reason for wanting these cars–so these sources all strongly imply–is naked greed. Not mere passion. This is what is being taught to young people. As we move ever closer to a world of HAVES and HAVE-NOTS what it IS and how it LOOKS count a whole lot less that what it will sell for in a classic car auction on TV. 2.) The newer the car, the more difficult (and/or expensive) it is to actually work on the vehicle. The average person just cant tinker much with a car anymore–unless youre turning the thing into a giant boom box or doing a paint job. Something goes wrong under the hood now, largely you either swap parts out (IF you can afford to do so) or thats that. You often cant get under the hood with a screwdriver and tools and fix it 3.) I cant remember the last time I saw a new car and decided I just absolutely, positively HAVE to have THAT car–except in rare cases where it is hugely expensive. The kinds of affordable–but interesting cars that used to come out in in waves no longer exist. I could pick just about any year from the mid 1950s through the early 1970s and there were at least 5 or 6 cars I wanted BADLY any given year. And I actually went out and–by golly–bought one if I really got the fever and I was a teen when I started doing this! Almost half the cars out in 1959 and 1965 offered a model I wanted badly! When is the last time it was like this? Id go to the auto show and come out of there with my eyes glazed over and mind boggled! Today? With the exception of a few bright spotsyawwwn! Cars that look like angry jellybeans or smiling potatoes and you can barely tell one from the other unless you find a name on it somewhere. And speaking of which–when and why did car companies delete all of the cool and romantic-sounding names of models? Used to be Cadillac Coupe deVille or Concours now you get CTS or DTS what the devil is so inspiring about this kind of robotical naming? Even Mazda–in a brilliant stroke of modern marketing genius dumped their symmetrical, lyrical names of 626 and 323 and Protege. and now give us 6 and 3 instead. THAT took genius! How exciting!!! Imagine the market guy who runs into a meeting: Hey boss! I got an idea. Hows about we change the name of our top sedan from 626 to 6? Huh? Whadaya think? Makes ya wanna rush right down to the showroom, huh? All this kind of stuff is contributing to the condition of the automotive collecting hobby and the excitement (or lack thereof) of American youth about cars. Reply  Scotty G says: July 12, 2013 at 3:35 pm HA! ..angry jellybeans or smiling potatoes..!! I LOVE it! Im going to steal those phrases, if you dont mind.. Another category youve forgotten about, the melted bar of soap cars. I like your descriptions better, though. Reply RollerD says: July 12, 2013 at 11:47 am You can list me with the negatives. Cars for most people are appliances. Younger people today will have neither the interest or disposable income for a hobby car. Even with the lack of trust in the stock market I cannot see what is supporting automobile auction prices. Look no further than the lack of support for race tracks and drag strips around the country for further evidence. If you want to claim that car culture will continue because people have to drive to get where they are going, I think that misses the point. Reply  Matt Cuddy says: July 12, 2013 at 11:54 am Ive been a car nut ever since my first drive in my moms Mini back in 1964, when I learned to drive stick shift in the parking lot of the old race track in Azuza. My daughter wants a 1951 Studebaker Champion with the prop spinner nose, so things cant be all that bad with kids wanting classic cars. My fleet before a motorcycle accident left me paralyzed: 1968 GTO 1964 Dodge 300 sedan (hyperpack slant six) 1958 Buick Super 1967 VW Beetle (1917cc engine) and 12 (yes twelve) motorcycles of various vintage, all running and registered. A Yamaha 100cc sprint cart, motorized bicycles, etc Now I drive a 1999 Chrysler Town  Country modified with a ramp and hand controls, and a Nitrous Oxide system. It hauls ass. My Daughter use to drive all these, sitting in my lap, when she was around five. Then when she got her leaners permit she wanted the Buick. After several low-speed wrecks that left the other vehicle ruined (not a scratch on the Buick) I gave her the Dodge. Now she wants a Studebaker. Kids. Reply  Kevin Preston says: July 12, 2013 at 12:40 pm No, its not dying. Just with more available information, there is also more available information about slackers. So we tend to think there are more slackers proportionally to the population than there was previously. When I was taking vocational auto training in high school, there were very few other guys but me in that class. I think there were 4. This is in a school in car-oriented Southern California. Over 30 years ago. Back then, we needed parts like body and trim, we went to junkyards. I didnt know about Hemmings or any other publications. It was word of mouth. There was no internet, no specialty manufacturers (save hot rod companies like Edelbrock). We went to speed shops for add-ons. JC Whitney was there for people who liked, well, stuff from JC Whitney. Now, there is enough interest in collector cars that whole companies have sprung up just for specific marquees! Who would have thought that all new bodies for cars would be created, along with new sheet metal? It is easier for me to get parts for my Fiats now then when Fiat was still previously selling in the US! You can shop in your easy chair at home. There arent less car meets, there are more! There arent less car clubs, there are more! And a final note about the grey hairs. Why is that an issue. Us grey hairs are the guys with the money. I started going grey in my early 40s, far from an old guy. When I am ready to take a dirt nap sometime in the future, there will be another 40 year old guy to take my place. People speak as if the greying of the hobby means its dying. Newsflash, we are all going grey. Or bald. Reply  John Weinhoeft says: July 12, 2013 at 12:45 pm There are kids out there who are interested. I have 2 grandsons, currently ages 2  4, who love classic cars. Both their parents and all their grandparents are into the old cars. Give them a choice, they want to ride in the old cars of both grandparents instead of the new cars. The 4 year old already helps a bit with getting tools; as they get older well let them get dirty actually workign on the cars. Given their current interest level and exposure, I have zero doubt they will grow up to be car enthusiasts. But it takes someone to get the kids interested. My cars are all 10 foot drivers, not show quality cars. At the cruise-ins we go to, we encourage the younger kids to get in our car, sit on the rear jump seats, and have their parents take photos of them doing so. Its that kind of interaction that will let the next generation build enthusiasm for the hobby. Reply  JiminPA says: July 12, 2013 at 4:51 pm Well after picking myself back up off the floor laughing at your source (NPR? REALLY!?!) for something automotive, I can assure you that car culture is alive and well with ANY of the teen boys I work with. I am a Scout leader and let me tell you those guys are quite up to date on cars and several are into the old stuff. Like from the 70s and stuff! OK, the 70s were a bit ago for them but they find my 50s and 60s iron awesome. Reply  Tony says: July 12, 2013 at 5:35 pm Thank God somebody in the media has the guts to say it. This sky is falling nonsense is the same thing Ive been hearing since I was kid in the 80s, and it is as much BS now as it was then. Lets be honest: the alarm was never Kids dont care about cars!!!!, it was always Kids dont care about the same cars we do!!!!!! I experienced this first hand; if I went to a cruise night in my 70 Road Runner, I was everybodys best friend. If I went back to the same cruise night the next week in my 89 5.0 LX hatch, the same old-timers who loved me the week before suddenly reverted to You damn kids get off my lawn! mode. Hell, I remember my friends and I driving half way across the country to the World Ford Challenge (along with 70 or 80,000 other kids) to watch a bunch of Fox Body Mustangs drag racing all weekend, while our parents generation were busy waxing dramatic over the the idea that none of us wanted to pick up a wrench, we just wanted to sit and play Nintendo all day. I dont know. The more things change and all that, I guess. Reply  Scotty G says: July 12, 2013 at 6:51 pm I mean this as no disrespect to the young gentleman with the Trans-Am t-shirt on, but I wonder if his parents got it for him because they though it was cool? Like, all of the classic rock band t-shirts you see at Target or Walmart that kids buy up and have zero clue who the bands actually are or what their music is like. I could be dead wrong and that young gentleman is really a huge classic car fan, and I hope Im wrong! Reply  pjmk65 says: July 13, 2013 at 8:36 am Scotty I think you are missing the point of the t-shirt. Whether he is a fan or not it introduces him to the hobby. You might be surprised how many of those kids wearing classic rock band shirts end up going to U-tube or wherever and checking out the music. That same kid may pic up his I-Pad and look up pictures of Trans-Ams. It is a start. Reply  Scotty G says: July 13, 2013 at 12:28 pm You are 100% correct on that. I totally overlooked that most important aspect of things, first get them interested and then theyll take over on their own. Wow, what an awkward, glaring mistake there. Ill add that to my growing list of bonehead statements. Reply Robert M says: July 12, 2013 at 11:56 pm I think that car culture isnt dying, its changing. Younger people I think are more into DRIVING then COLLECTNG. Thats why you see sweet handling cars from the 90s, and modern muscle cars being more popular with my generation. We are not not intimidated by EFI or tuning EFI. Of course, the required tools are out of the hands of automotive enthusiast. A bigger problem, is overactive law enforcement and a change in attitudes over the 50 years since the late sixties and early seventies. No Cruising, having police pop hoods and not know what they are looking at, but still write tickets from deviation from stock, and a much more vigorous enforcement of traffic codes in the decade or so. All it all, it makes it so people cannot enjoy their cars as The older generation has. Reply  Howard Arbiture says: July 14, 2013 at 9:50 am Robert M makes a good point, and Ill be the first to apologize. My generation, Im 58, pushed it as far as we could. I knew many friends that had cars that could easily out run the cops, it was not a big deal, and guilty of what, 2 black stripes for a block, never thinking how this might affect future cruisers. There was a great feeling when one ditched a cop, instant recognition. I even ditched a cop in my Semi a few years back, same feeling. So like I said, Robert, my generation didnt help matters, but dont despair, just be more careful when you mash the loud pedal, and make sure you can stop, another area my generation put on the back burner, good luck. Reply fourdoorboris says: July 13, 2013 at 8:19 pm Hi, my name is Eric and Im 17 years old and I can say I love classic american cars more than anything! While most of my friends in high school are driving around in souped up Honda Fits and Mazdas, Im driving around in my 1963 Dodge Sedan and enjoying every single minute of it! I can assure you, people like me exist and will keep the car hobby going along strong. Reply  John Humason says: July 13, 2013 at 8:43 pm There is a hole in the pool of car enthusiasts but it is not the young kids. It is the group now in or near their 40s who had the misfortune of growing up in an era of terrible cars. In general, the cars of the 70s and 80s (particularly 75-85) were underpowered, ran poorly, gobbled fuel and rusted away. It is hard to get enthused about hopping up moms Voyager minivan. Many cars now are better and more interesting than that era, so following generations have had more cars worthy of getting enthused about. Reply  Tony says: July 14, 2013 at 6:19 pm This is so blatantly incorrect Im not even sure where to start, so Ill just say this: I dont understand how everyone can be so quick to dismiss the eighties when it produced cars like the Turbo Regal and 5.0 Mustang. The 5.0 movement had a greater impact on the car hobby than any car before or since, and that impact has continued long after the car went out of production not just in the aftermarket and drag racing, but even in OEM engine technology. I wont even bother to go too deeply into the number of people my age who were involved, but suffice to say it was great enough to support multiple sanctioning bodies and dozens of smaller shootout series across the country, all dedicated to one platform/engine combination (something that had never occurred before, even in the 60s). Cars today are more interesting? Perhaps. But since Mustang sales are at their lowest point well, ever, and have seen a steady decline over the past several years, Id say the evidence points to less enthusiasm than you think. Perhaps the 30K price tag is part of the problem. Sorry, but your theory is simply not supported by any tangible evidence, as even a cursory examination of the era will demonstrate. Reply CJ Madson says: July 13, 2013 at 9:15 pm Each next generation of car fans have a different focus, its true. And any collection that hasnt changed in fifty years may be a tough sell when the owner disappears. Im not passionate about brass-era cars and my 60s favorites wont necessarily excite the youngest crowd. But its tough to understand how the newer cars can ever be as attractive to work on or as affordable to buy. Parts for a ten-year-old BMW can still be outrageously expensive, so the younger car fans will have to choose wisely. And while I dont see the hobby dying out right away, I think there are many factors which are likely to make it slowly fade over the next few decades. For one, if youve never felt the freedom of driving anywhere you felt like or the joy (and ability) to fix something that broke, you arent likely to commit the time and money to the hobby. There are too many things competing for attention these days and cars require a lot of space, tools, time, money, knowledge and interest to keep alive. Rat rodders give me hope  theyre going for cool  improvised and creative without caring about perfection. And various concours now include more original  preserved cars. And I see some classics being driven without concern about them being show cars. But if you look at the demographic of high-end shows and even hot rod shows youll see a heavy bias toward the 40-plus end of the age scale. Meanwhile, one of my favorite shows, the British Car Meet, has mostly disappeared. That one always had a wide mix of fans, ages, car types and quality, and it was accessible in many ways. I dont see those and wonder what the younger and less moneyed fans have to look for as inspiration if theyre not seeing older cars as possible projects, something affordable, still available, and fun. I still see the interest here and there but I have no data to convince me the numbers are at least staying where they were ten years ago. Reply  pjmk65 says: July 14, 2013 at 10:24 am I have read some very good points here..especially about the snobbery aspect driving towards young people and their automotive interests. Car clubs can promote the hobby by encouraging them instead of looking their noises down at them. This is as bad as the All (insert your car) were great and all (insert another manufacturer) were worthless junk! I am involved in a the Lafayette Indiana Historical Auto Club. I like the fact that the club has a vision for the future and they want the club to survive. They are open to younger members and even those without a car. The group is largely older restored cars but you are still welcome if you have a newer car or a custom. This attitude needs to be supported throughout the hobby. Reply  Rick Maynhart says: July 14, 2013 at 12:04 pm A friend just sold a very clean 70 Hornet to a 16 year old. It has a 304 with an automatic. His parents were more than happy with his purchase. Reply  Patrick J. Harris says: July 14, 2013 at 10:49 pm The family joke was I would have something to do with the auto world. Knew all cars on the street by company, model and statistics. It started as a game on summer to keep my older brother from teasing me. We had to collect the most models of GM, Ford or Chrysler. Who say it first shouted out to get credit. Kept us out of their hair. Still note cars. Saw a Fisker Karma in Cape Girardeau, MO a few days back. During a SoCal visit a few months back Saw a silver Karma. Liked the Karma much better. Guess that does not matter anymore since Fisker has gone down the bankruptcy hole. Will it ever be seen again? I rent cool cars like a Mustang Convertible always in yellow. Many comments and when parked under 16 y.o.s walk over to check it out. Went on the Navy Base at an Diego and the guys on duty looked to be 18 or so slathered saliva over the car. They really liked our Bright Red Camaro. So I do see great interest out of younguns. My yellow 1988 Honda CRX Si gets checked out by co-eds and guys when they see it. I dont drive it much. !00,000 and plan on repairs for my one owner car. My 1990 Miata does not draw the attention the CRX does. But I do see the lust in their eyes. If an underage kid asks for a ride, I find their parents and have the child ask them. They all seem very happy when finished. Reply  glenn says: July 15, 2013 at 4:41 am Just go to ANY car show, YOUNG, MIDDLE AGE,  OLD, they ALL like OLD  NEW cars. A local business has a Cruse-in the 2nd Monday of the month (1988 and older this year, each year it goes up a year) from June-September. They PACK THEM IN. Police are used for traffic control, thats how big it is. Most times they have to turn cars away as there is no room left (I believe 1,000 cars is max on the grounds). The September show is for ANY CAR, ANY YEAR (new cars have to have mods, cant buy off showroom floor and bring it to the Cruse-In). That September Cruse-in usually is filled and cars park in the spectator lot. Youth not liking old cars Go to the Cruse-Ins and find out how WRONG they are! My Daughters friend (17 year old FEMALE) LOVES old cars and going to car shows with her dad (Im talking old muscle cars, not newer tuner cars. Reply  TBOU says: July 23, 2013 at 7:58 pm I agree, our local cruise in (rural Ohio) gets over 300 cars a month. There is little snobbery there and a lot of interest by all ages, families come and the owners are very happy to show off their car. Some cars are perfect, many are not. However, go to a big national club event and the scene is different. I recently attended one such event (as a member and owner of 2 models covered); being in my 30s I was well outside 3 standard deviations among attendees and spectators. A lot of attendees were not even friendly, looking at you with suspicion if you even glance at their car; there was also no camaraderie between the muscle car and the rest (the muscle car group left ASAP). 4 years ago a similar show was held at the same location and it was similar but less evident. I dont see the car culture as dead, but the snobbery (from what I believe are predominantly baby boomers) is not helping it. I think the car culture will survive since small local groups are cultivating the younger generation, but I dont see much hope for many of the large clubs which seem to want to keep it a baby boomer party only. Reply Allan says: July 15, 2013 at 5:18 pm Very interesting comments and many really good points. Quick background info: Im 51 and a high school Automotive Instructor. I have a few old cars (1930s on up) and try to bring one to school when possible. I see many students with interest in old cars- show them that with a 34 Ford streetrod you can go 65 mph down the highway and OPEN the windshield. They think thats cool. I wouldnt be tossing aside the older cars (pre-computer control) just yet. I tell my students this: Imagine 25 years down the road when your kid comes home and says, dad, I just found a 2013 Chevy Camaro sittin in a guys garage. Its been there since 2019 and hasnt been driven since! Well heres the problem. Will you ever get the thing started? Lots of new vehicles today will not refire after a complete battery failure with being flatbedded back to the dealer for a computer reflash. Who is going to have all this info, data links and specialty (old 20+ year old scan tolls, etc) to get this going? Just my personal thought but most of these newer cars are disposable (like most other things in society today) when the electronics start to fail. Cars and trucks that are mechanical in nature, you know like actually having a rod or a cable for throttle control (having a problem with my buddys International flatbed with throttle by wire. Story for another blog.) will always run with in the future. Sorry for being so long winded but I do wonder about todays cars 30-40 years from now. Reply  Jim V says: July 15, 2013 at 6:50 pm I have wondered this myself.. I wonder if it will be viable or possible to repair an modern car once they get a few decades old? I suppose it depends on if the electronics or computers are still available. My daily drivers are 2 early 90s GM vehicles that so far have been very easy to buy parts for. But they are old enough that some of the more complex systems of newer cars arent on them yet. And to tie this into this thread, if the current cars are too expensive or complicated to repair will be viable hobby cars? To me a huge advantage of old cars is that their simplicity makes it viable to keep them alive for the average person in the hobby. That simplicity leads to longevity. The newer cars run great and are generally super reliable but long term.. I dont know. All that wiring and plastic.. And the underhood packaging and invisible fastenersyuck! My car crazy son favors the old stuff but does like some of the newer stuff. We do have a good local HS tech center. Im hoping that he will learn the later stuff. Reply  Tony says: July 15, 2013 at 7:17 pm I remember all the doomsday stories in the late 80s about computers being the death of hotrodding. They were ill-founded then, and remain so. The market stepped up, as it usually does, in the form of young people in my age bracket (30s-40s) and created an entire industry dedicated to hacking the computers and altering the tune-ups. Today, tuning a pre-OBD II computer is easier than setting up a multi-carb system from the 60s. Post OBD II is slightly more difficult, but still nothing any moderately tech-savvy kid with a lap-top (or probably even an I-Phone) cant handle in his or her driveway. Its a bit like the joke about having your six-year old program your VCR. What seems overly complicated to you is literally childs play to your grandkids. No, failed electronics wont make these cars disposable, any more than 60s-vintage musclecars are disposable because they all started to rot out before their 5th birthday. If the electronics have issues 30 or 40 years from now, kidsll fix them and move on. Nothing to it. And incidentally, where in the world did you get the idea that a dead battery on one of these new cars equals a trip to the dealership??? I dunno. It seems to me, in reading most of these comments, that much of the problem in the car hobby is people looking for any reason they can find to look down their nose at anything built after 1971, even if they have to conjure up those reasons out of thin air. Reply  Daniel Strohl says: July 16, 2013 at 7:19 am Actually, if youre into tuning EFI, theres a lot more aftermarket support for OBDII. To tune OBDI takes a little bit more resourcefulness. Reply  Tony says: July 16, 2013 at 10:57 am Could be. Honestly, my glory days were the Fox era, and Ive never paid much more than cursory attention to anything made after 93. I suppose that makes me crotchety. Reply  EarlWelch says: July 15, 2013 at 6:18 pm Wow! So many comments and just not enough time to read them! Reply  Connor McCann says: July 16, 2013 at 9:39 am Just to chime in as a young first generation serious car nut. Im 23 and have 4 cars of which Id consider all to be pretty special. At first I was drawn to Lamborghini and Ferrari. Sometime around the sixth grade I realized they were really damn expensive and Id likely not afford one soon so I turned to other interesting cars that werent that expensive: Old cars! Since then Ive competed in the Great Race twice (with a 1930 Model A, great car) and traveled as much as 1000 miles for a car show. First car was a 1958 MG Magnette ZB that I adopted when I was 14. I eventually sold that to a guy in Jamaica (after driving it to school for a couple of years) and bought a 57 Chevrolet Bel Air Wagon locally. I temporarily had a 53 Ford Country Squire wagon on extended loan from a friend as well. I used a 1980 MGB project/parts car that was given to me to pay for storage of a 1958 BMW Isetta I found in a field in SC while I got that running (after a two year process of getting the Isetta the convict owner). My first modern car was my brothers 93 Benz 300D 2.5 Turbo Diesel. I eventually sold that and bought a 96 Land Rover Discovery TReK competition vehicle. My most recent purchase is a 1958 Goggomobil T-400 from a priest in Missouri. So, the moral of that story is young people *do* care about old cars, you just have to find us. However, theres also a big variation between being interested in old cars and taking the plunge to buy one and maintain one. Finally, Ive also generated an interest in old cars with my girlfriend. She flew to Georgia with me for the Bruce Weiner auction and fell in love in Messerschmitts (possibly just being nice to me) and Lloyds (no idea where that came from). She also has a taste for classic VWs (beetles, buses, most recently the Squareback) and Fiats (both old and new 500s and many classic derivatives) as well as Volvo brick wagons (???). By the way, Ive also been chasing a Messerschmitt for 9 years now. Still searching even as the prices rise Reply  Roger Lee says: July 16, 2013 at 11:21 pm Connor, I like your style. You do not just look at the cars of your own youth but instead seek out the more esoteric autos to increase your knowledge of automotive history. To me, the hobby of collecting should be about more than just the cars of our own youth, but we should look to enhance our knowledge. I was not young when Beethoven composed or when Gershwin was writing those anthems of the jazz age like An American in Paris but I still want to know about them. I love a stamp collector who gets excited about stamps made before he was born, from nations he has never visited. Collecting and nostalgia are two different things. Related perhaps, but different. Reply dean says: July 17, 2013 at 7:38 am im 15 and I loooovvvvveeeee classic cars. thats all I do on the internet. read about classic cars Reply  Brad says: July 17, 2013 at 12:03 pm Alright so I have a loot to say about car culture and what everyone is saying. First of all IM 20! and have been into car culture and car customization for probably about 4, and a general car interest my whole life. All you guys that say young people arent into car are looking into the wrong place!! Just because youngins arent into American musicle doesnt mean they arent interested in cars, Im not interested as much into the muscle scene because there isnt many people my age into muscle all older folks, and muscle is wayyy to expensive to be practical. If you want to see kids that are wayyyyyy into car culture go to a vw show or a Honda/import show! Thats where all the young car enthusiasts are at. Majority of people want to be in the car scene of there generation, in know countless young people who have Honda civics and do nice engine swaps them themselves. Also a lot more focus in car customization and culture is the exterior of the car, a lot of enthusiasts want to have nice wheels and suspension now, its all about low cars right now in the car scene, look up the stance movement. Older people may not understand or think its stupid but it is still young people putting in work and time and pride in doing there cars. I have a 99 vw golf that I do a lot of work on my self and enjoy buying new upgraded parts for it and putting them on, a lot of my car friends are like this too. I have learned a lot about cara from working on it. I have met SO MANY PEOPLE through the car scene, all these people are the same as me, the have late 80s up to brand new euro or import cars and they never stay stock for long, always tinkering and improving the car, making it there own, making it stand out. The rise of drifting as a Motorsport has EXPLODED the car scene, so many fresh new ideas are tried, limits are pushed. Look up grassroots drifting amazing car culture and cars. Young people that are fanatic about cars, engines and drifting. Euro cars, import cars, drifting cars the whole scene is mostly young males and some females anywhere from 15-35, all with one common love, cars. Obviously there are young people that are into American muscle an trucks but I think majority arent in that scene mostly older crowd that judge/ dont like a young guy driving a loud Honda civic even though he is also a car enthusiast! Before you say young people arent interested in cars get yourself out to different car meets other then a muscle meet full of 60 year olds. Hit up some different car shows other then American see the other side the youthful side of it. Car culture isnt dying, its just changing. Young people are interested in cars from there generation, there interested in cars with turbos and cars that handle well, not nessarly a big block v8. Just thought I would share things as I see them from a different perspective Reply  Don H says: July 19, 2013 at 8:20 am Sorry to be late reading this. I see young people at car shows and at Hershey buying parts. Nuff said! Also, in the 1960s when I started I was the odd ball amongst the old timers. Today, all those old timers are my generation! Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Comment you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Featured Posts  COMMENT "> Racing Heroes  Don Garlits COMMENT "> Lost Cars of the 1980s  Mitsubishi Starion / Dodge Conquest COMMENT "> Tech 101  Adjusting tire pressure COMMENT "> Love at first sight  Doug Bolts 1967 Plymouth GTX on Hemmings TV COMMENT "> Cars of Futures Past  Ford Probe COMMENT "> Zoras dream, almost realized: the mid-engine Aerovette COMMENT "> Racing Heroes  Richard Petty COMMENT "> Lost Cars of the 1980s  Ford Bronco II COMMENT "> Skills 101  Off-road driving techniques  Download Your Free Copy of the Hemmings Restoration Guide Sign up to receive Hemmings FREE Daily email Newsletter and Download your Restoration Guide Instantly. Sign Up!  Follow Us:  About usContact usRSS Contact Us / Submit Your News Search Blog Archives Go Recent Comments: REV VINCE : The thought they would disassemble these beauties for parts is pretty sickening to me. Some folks began... Ed Yahnker : How neat! Something cool and different. Good job! REV VINCE : I wouldnt just still think about it. Id do it if I had a real treasure parked... geomechs : I remember a friend of my dads carried a mileage wheel around with him. I dont remember if it... Dutch 1960 : Pearl Palmason, violinist, Toronto Symphony?  Most-viewed Classifieds 1971 Cadillac Fleetwood $14,900 1953 MG TD Convertible $11,500 1967 Dodge Coronet 440 $23,900 1966 Ford Country Squire $14,500 1989 Aerocar PULSE AUTOCYCLE #189 $19,500 2013 Porsche 917K Replica $120,000 1939 Lincoln Zephyr Coupe $85,000 1971 Volvo 142 2 dr sedan $7,500 1959 Cadillac Miller-Meteor Hearse $125,000 1963 GMC L7000 $78,000 Search All Classifieds Sponsored Links Used Cars for Sale Most-viewed Parts Boss 494 Can Am block, Boss 494/429 Motor pa $12,900 1968 426 HEMI 2x4bbl from 1969 roadrunner $38,000 TEXACO FIRE CHIEF OR SKY CHIEF MODEL 39 TOKH $2,895  Twitter: HemmingsNewsWill the rain hold off for our cruise-in on Thursday night? Stay tuned! 06/11/2013 17:01:12 from HootSuite ReplyRetweetFavoriteInside the Ford design studios in the late 1960s https://t.co/abDC0zEB2J 06/11/2013 16:05:56 from HootSuite ReplyRetweetFavoriteWhat's in your breakdown kit? https://t.co/dr2zUFzRc1 06/11/2013 14:06:04 from HootSuite ReplyRetweetFavoriteFormer owner and CEO of Checker, David Markin, dies: http://t.co/7KFEigGBq5 06/11/2013 12:20:16 from HootSuite ReplyRetweetFavoriteThe first GM factory-backed race truck, a 1969 Chevrolet C10, heading to auction. Bonus: Steve McQueen once owned it https://t.co/yFRiEsbeQ7 06/11/2013 10:03:51 from HootSuite ReplyRetweetFavorite@HemmingsNews Follow Hemmings on Facebook Browse Categories Find of The Day Oddities Beaters, Barn Finds and Junkers More Categories: All Categories alt-power vehicles(199) automobilia(1982) accessories(22) auto art(36) family albums n four-speeds(38) literature(168) Recommended Reading(26) model cars(102) museums and collections(520) renderings and concept sketches(86) stickers and decals(30) videos(464) vintage ads(151) wallpapers(47) beaters, barn finds and junkers(613) barn finds(135) driveable dreams(252) junkyards and abandoned vehicles(178) brass cars(64) clubs(120) coachbuilt cars(355) collector car values(96) driving impressions(33) featured posts(417) fiberglass cars(192) dune buggies(12) Forgotten Fiberglass(37) Full Classics(105) Hemmings events(250) cruise-ins(79) Musclepalooza(65) New England Concours dElegance(40) Sports and Exotic Car Show(7) Hemmings Find of the Day(1331) Hemmings publications(6758) Hemmings Classic Car(2780) Hemmings Collector Car Radio(26) Hemmings Daily(1639) Hemmings Getting Started Guide(10) Hemmings Motor News(200) Hemmings Muscle Machines(1467) Hemmings Sports  Exotic Car(2031) Hemmings TV(22) HMN blog(188) SIA Flashback(350) Hemmings staff projects(251) Good News Garage(10) Project HMX(108) hot rods and customs(897) restomods(132) kiddie cars(27) kit cars(35) legislation and regulation(318) locations(394) dealerships(195) factories(91) garages(79) Lost and Found(371) AutoPuzzler and stumpers(65) microcars and minicars(261) motorcycles and scooters(606) motorhomes and travel trailers(100) motorsports(1607) Bonneville/land-speed racing(150) Great Race and vintage rallying(95) vintage racing(362) neoclassics(11) newsletter archive(2838) oddities(1084) art cars(53) dream cars, show cars and prototypes(469) one-offs and homebuilts(429) promotional vehicles(83) streamliners and teardroppers(84) three-wheelers(67) personalities(547) halls of fame(20) RIP(73) products(71) replicas, clones and tributes(95) restorations(193) resurrections and continuations(40) road trips and cruising(246) service and fleet vehicles(631) buses(106) fire trucks(29) hearses and flower cars(25) military vehicles(210) police cars(52) taxis(34) shows, exhibitions and events(1745) auctions(797) concours delegance(168) spotlight(5) station wagons(339) stolen vehicles(61) tech and tools(240) This Day in History(74) tractors(52) trucks and Jeeps(1416) cars with beds(92) vans(143) TV and film cars(224) where were going, we dont need roads(123) amphibious vehicles(35) boats(21) flying cars(15) snowmobiles(52) woodies(92) Hemmings TV Watch More Episodes Categories X Search Hemmings.com Cars Parts Directory Articles Close Search Classifieds Cars For Sale Cars Wanted Dealer Listings Auction Listings Parts For Sale Parts Wanted Services Offered Books/Literature Supplies for Sale Real Estate view all categories Events  Activities Events Calendar Hemmings Events Museum Finder Auctions Place your Event Ad Publications Subscribe Hemmings Motor News Muscle Machines Classic Car Sports  Exotic Car Digital Editions Search Archive Daily Newsletter Hemmings Blog Publication Index Daily Newsletter Purchase Back Issues Hemmings Books Periodical Pitstop Photo Gallery Hemmings TV Hemmings Radio Videos Hemmings Blog Most Recent Posts Hemmings Find of The Day archive Featured Posts Daily Email Newsletter Directories Dealers Auctions Clubs Museums Periodical Pitstop Hemmings Community Register for Account My Profile Recent Submissions Readers' Rides Readers' Stories Readers' Photos Readers' Videos Hemmings Forums Clubs Directory Hemmings Blog Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Hemmings Nation Flickr Pool Stolen Car Notices Guides  tips Buying Tips Price Guides Buyers Guides Restoration Tips Tech Articles MG Project Hemmings Books Customer Service Register for Account Subscribe Renew Parts Locator Help/FAQ Advertising Info Contact Us Report A Dispute Report a Scam Report Stolen Car Hemmings Store Best Sellers New Products Browse Store Subscriptions Gifts and Gadgets 2013 Calendars Books and Literature Clothing Porcelain signs Die Cast Models Back Issues Free Desktop Wallpaper About Us About Hemmings Visit Us (C) 2012 American City Business Journals. All rights reserved. Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (updated 3/14/12) and Privacy Policy (updated 3/14/12). Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of American City Business Journals. Ad Choices . Le javascript ================================================== 