 Home  Arts and Entertainment  Stage Tweet  Toilet Humor Dingleberries by Jonathan Padget Published on December 5, 2002 , 12:00am | Comments Girls Just Wanna Have Fun: LaForce, Murray and Painter (Photo by Ian Armstrong ) There's a lot to be said for taking a taboo subject andexamining it exhaustively. In the case of Dingleberries ,the uneasy topic is the bathroom and the bodily functions -- mostly of thebowel-related variety -- carried out there. By the time Cherry Red Productionstears through fourteen short toilet-themed plays, doggone it if you don't feellike talking about shit is an easier thing to do. At the very least, using the bathroom is one of the mostfundamental, universal human experiences there is, so why not put it out thereas theatrical fodder and see what happens? The writers represented in Dingleberries have certainly comethrough with consistently amusing, and some downright wickedly funny, takes onwhat we do in the loo, and a game cast, some quite talented, tackles thescenarios with abandon. Highlights include Andrea Thorne's Worm Girl , featuring Glee Murray in a bizarrely hystericalpersonification of an ultimate pariah in the high school girls room peckingorder. For sheer linguistic skill, give props to Erica Hoffman, whose The Rectum, by Edgar Allan Poo (performed with dead-on deadpan by Richard Renfield) finds not a single Poephrase that can't be matched with a precise, prurient parallel. The revulsion factor gets ratcheted up for the evening'spinnacle of hilarity, David Andrew's Kernelsof Corn, Chunks of Carrot , which mercilessly skewers the scat fetishistsubculture. There's nothing so priceless as the sight of Tony Greenberg as asullen-faced man "dining" alone in a room full of enthusiasticpoo-eaters at a scat convention because his excrement is deemed unsuitable forsharing. Gross? Yes. But nonetheless funny, and a perfect antidotewhen you find the forced cheer of the holiday season too much to bear. Through December 28that Warehouse Next Door, 1017 7th Street NW. Tickets are $15. Call 202-298-9077.Visit www.cherryredproductions.com . Follow @metroweekly Archives: See all of our previous Stage articles Today's Most Popular Articles War Over Molotovs Words (News) Icona Pride (Feature Story) Equality Maryland PAC in Election Mode (News) New Mexico Supreme Court rules photographer cannot deny services to same-sex couple (Poliglot) Coverboy: Jesse (Coverboy Interview) Andreas Ocando (Feature Story) 25 Gay Films Everyone Should See, Part 3D (Feature Story) LGBT Groups To Picket Molotov Concert (News) The Top 5 Songs of Summer 2013 (Feature Story) Laverne Cox Rocks (Feature Story) Call 202-638-6830 to advertise here in Marketplace Tweets about Metro Weekly Request a Rate Card | About Us | RSS Feeds | Archive | Join Our Mailing List Washington, D.C.'s Gay  Lesbian News Magazine  Published In Print Every Thursday Since 1994 Copyright 2013  Jansi, LLC.  1012 14th Street, NW; Suite 209; Washington, DC 20005  (202) 638-6830  Contact Us Pick up a copy Be a Coverboy Join our Mailing List Request a Rate Card  Feature News Arts Community Scene Nightlife Polls Video Blogs Feature Articles Last Word News National Opinion Poliglot World Out On the Town Spotlight Film Games Music Stage Tech [ more ] Community Calendar Business Directory of LGBT Groups Marketplace [ more ] Event Photos Video Nightlife Calendar Gay Bar Guide Clublife Coverboy Poliglot Elsewhere Foodwise Last Word Technocrat Spotlight 