   Arts Entertainment Humor Blog     Tuesday, 11 June 2013 A Funny Joke and The Man without Humor April fools day is a favorite day for some, because there are many funny jokes that can be played. But when you are working for The Man humor can be unacceptable. The workplace has become a controversial place for funny jokes, because what is funny to one person can be considered an attack by another. Finding humor at another persons expense can cause many stressful days at work or even many lawsuits. Many companies hold informational meeting on not practicing office humor, because they dont want any of there workers to be offended. However, at time companies can cross the line on what is acceptable and not acceptable. Part of the problem with telling a person that funny jokes or humor is not acceptable is that if a person can not enjoy themselves at work the workplace will become uninviting and the workers unhappy. Night Court was a sitcom that came out quite a few years ago. The judge on the show was always having fun, but playing practical jokes occasionally got him in trouble. However, most of the time the judges antics allowed him to see a larger scope of the people he met and he was able to help them to better their lives. A saying that many companies need to learn is the a little levity never hurt. Allowing personnel the opportunity to send jokes through email and find humor in some of the bad things that may happen in the office can help to handle stress and bring a better camaraderie between the workers. Where the line needs to be drawn on funny jokes and humor is if the joke shows a racial or gender bias or if the joke is intended to harm another or cause a person to be made to look bad (especially in the eyes of their superiors). Harmful jokes or humor should never be acceptable in the workplace. Every individual should be responsible for their actions and take steps to know what is acceptable and will be found as a funny joke. If a joke is questionable the individual should recognize that that type of humor should be refrained from. A company does have the responsibility to uphold its reputation and should educate its employees on acceptable humor and what would be considered a not so funny joke. However, companies should also take steps to allow their employees a fun work place. Part of this may include allowing a worker to use email to send jokes to people they know. One suggestion for the workplace may be to have a no joke list and if people do not want to receive jokes through email they can place themselves on the list. Humor and jokes should be allowed in the work place to allow a happier and more jovial work environment. A funny joke can cheer up a persons day and a little humor can relieve stress. If an individual is responsible to not offend a person and the company encourages their work force to be happy working for The Man wouldnt be so bad. Posted by Hunter E Breton at 16:29  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Funny , Jokes  Newer Post Older Post Home  Popular Posts 3 Surefire Ways To Combat Rising Gas Prices I have heard the rumblings of many of you in Readerland about the recent spike in gasoline prices. In fact its all I seem to hear abou... A Funny Joke and The Man without Humor April fools day is a favorite day for some, because there are many funny jokes that can be played. But when you are working for The Man ... 8 Reasons Why You Should Email Me One Dollar Paypal has made it possible to quickly and easily send money over the Internet. This allows us to pay for all kinds of purchases with a lot... 5 Reasons Why You Should Quit Your Day Job Most of us would stop working if we could. We constantly dream about it, but thats about as far as we get-dreaming. Working a 9-5 just... A Deep Look At Soap Operas You have got to love soap operas. From the intricate plots and finely woven webs of deceit, to the depths of schemes, they were, are and al...  Blog Archive  2013 (28)  June (28) Basketball For Short People: Basket To Be Lowered Baby Boomers Moderate Exercise; Notice Scarcity of... Avant Garde Composer Creates New Piece, Called Mak... Audit Report on Katrina Debit Cards; Some Recipien... April Fools trick Apple Sued Over Logo By Apple Farmer Ancient Mayan Mummy Proves A Tattoo Is Forever Another Dracula, Another Flop An Efficient Commute America To Sue Rest Of World For Ungrateful Behavi... America: Still So Young No Americans Allowed Amazing Trivia Part 1 Al-Qaeda in Iraq Announces New Leader. Or Do They?... AIDS epidemic in the USSR Adult Swim - You Must Be This High To Ride This Ri... A Revised History Of Pasta A Page From Betty Crockers Cookbook A Life Of Lorenzo Da Ponte: Talent Flies; Practica... A Lawyers Favorite Lawyer Jokes A Funny Joke and The Man without Humor A Deep Look At Soap Operas A Cialis A Day Keeps The Uncertainty Away A Bomb For A Bomb And A Rocket For A Rocket; What ... 18 Similarities Between Women and Computers 8 Reasons Why You Should Email Me One Dollar 5 Reasons Why You Should Quit Your Day Job 5 Big Advantages of PC Games on Demand 3 Surefire Ways To Combat Rising Gas Prices  My Blog List Life Study 3 Ways Your Health Insurance Company Is Scamming You Home Decorating Cheap New outdoor furniture from Andy Thornton Relationship tips Saving Difficult Relationships through Communication Home and Family A Look at Metal Gazebos Arts and Entertainment A Guide To Silk Palm Trees Heiress Diaries 3 Secrets and Tips For Anit-Aging Mortgage Home Loan Calculator 100% Financing Or No Down Payment  Bad Credit Mortgage Loans Bolsa de Vallores Heres Why You Need To Use Landing Pages Home Equity Loans and Home Mortgage Rate Agreement of Sale Town in News 2 Step Marketing The Best Small Business Plan Are You Thinking Too Small and Dooming Your Small Business To Failure? Health and Fitness Acid Vs Alkaline Diet Blogspot Templates Free Download Helix Blogger Template    Simple template. Powered by Blogger .  