 Dipped In Cream Subscribe via RSS Home About Dipped in Cream Intern Writers Wanted! 26 Aug/13 0 The 2013 MTV Video Music Awards, The Good, The Bad, And The WTF I don't expect much from the VMA s anymore. I didn't even watch it last year, but nothing could have prepared me for the horror that took place on stage during Sunday night's show. I'll get to that in a moment, but surprisingly, it wasn't all bad. A boy band reunited, we got to see some old favorites, and despite some glaring sound problems, most of the performances not involving teddy bears were great. Get More: 2013 VMA , Artists.MTV , Music , Lady Gaga Lady Gaga  opened the show paying tribute to herself with her performance of " Applause."  She changed into numerous costumes and wigs, and looked pretty damned good doing it. Now let's talk about this mess.  Miley Cyrus  had the gall to walk, or what she probably thought was strutting, out on stage in some horrid bathing suit surrounding by strippers with teddy bears strapped to their backs. Remember all those anti-drug commercials from the 80s and 90s? "This is your brain on drugs." If this was our brain on Miley, oops "Molly", then that is a trip I never want to take. Then  Robin Thicke  joins her looking like he just got cast in the low budget sequel to ' Beetlejuice.'  The whole thing was weird, and not in a good way. There was no need for us to see those uncooked chicken cutlets she calls an ass, and Robin, dude, what the hell? It was only two months ago that we were jammin' to " Blurred Lines"  and this is how you do us? Jared Leto , whose ombre hair is probably natural, introduced  Kanye West who performed "Blood On The Leaves."  He was mostly shown in silhouette against a backdrop of the woods. Nice, but we've seen better from Ye. It  was  refreshing after that Miley madness though. That big to-do about  Daft Punk  having to cancel their appearance on 'The Colbert Report'  because they were scheduled for the VMAs, well, it proved to be quite underwhelming. The duo appeared on stage with collaborators  Pharrell Williams  and  Nile Rodgers  to present  Best Female Video  and didn't say anything, natch, but I appreciated them stopping by. They hung out in the audience for the rest of the night. Get More: 2013 VMA , Artists.MTV , Music , Justin Timberlake An hour into the show, what all the 90s kids were waiting for,  Justin Timberlake 's big performance. He spun, he twirled, he brought back some old hits and mixed them in with the new, but that didn't matter. Where was 'N SYNC ?!!! The guys only joined him on stage for "Girlfriend"  and "Bye Bye Bye".  Clearly not enough stage time! I doubt we'll be hearing about a reunion tour, but it's nice to see that their moves are still on point. Timberlake's buddy,  Jimmy Fallon,  presented him with the  Video Vanguard  award, which he seemed genuinely honored to receive. Macklemore  Ryan Lewis  were big winners, taking home two of those Moonmen. They took to the stage for "Same Love"  with  Mary Lambert  and  Jennifer Hudson . I can't co-sign that powder blue suit, but I know they made a lot of folks in Seattle proud. Get More: 2013 VMA , Artists.MTV , Music , Bruno Mars TLC  introduced  Drake who gave us "Started From The Bottom"  and his awkward profile.  Jaden Smith  was really into it. Bruno Mars  won the award for  Best Male Video , and then almost blinded us during "Gorilla."  Again, the sound was an issue here;  it was still nice to hear one of the best songs from 'Unorthodox Jukebox'  live! Katy Perry  closed the show, performing her single "Roar"  under the Brooklyn Bridge. There was a whole boxer theme going on, and jump roping! But it ended abruptly and no one really seemed here, there or anywhere for it. Rihanna  won the night even though she didn't perform and wasn't nominated for anything. Her shady looks during Miley's performance, and putting popcorn under some girl's seat, made her the person to pay attention to. Also have to give a shout out to the  Smith  family for their reactions during that talent holocaust. So until next year, when we have to do this all over again! Written by: Brittani Related posts: MTV Video Music 2013 Award Nominations Lady Gagas shocking performance at the MTV Video Music Awards  Not for everyone! *WARNING* 2010 MTV Europe Music Awards, Pics and List of Winners (VIDEO) Lady Gaga Dominates the 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards  Queen Tribute With Adam Lambert Best-Ever Performances and Moments From The MTV Video Music Awards  Brittanis Take Tagged as: awards show , Brittani ~ The Girl You Want , hot mess situation , Music , scarred for life , VMAs No Comments 26 Aug/13 0 The Best and Worst Dressed Of The VMAs Red Carpet There were dozens of lists of the most memorable VMA fashion moments, and I doubt any from last night's show will make any future lists. Though the ladies looked fab, there weren't any crazy outfits, not even from  Lady Gaga . The VMAs are where you get crazy, and literally, show your ass, but we'll have to settle for some high slits and bare midriffs. To promote the theme of her new single " Roar,"  Katy Perry  wore this animal print  Emanuel Ungaro  dress. She was a bit upstaged by the lovely girl behind her. Miley Cyrus , she tries so damned hard. Here she is in vintage  Dolce  Gabbana  looking like a reject extra from ' Selena.'  Selena Gomez  looked much better in  Versace . Rita Ora  wore a stunning gown by  Alexandre Vauthier . Giving us the train, and blonde bob, I wish  Beyonce  would have brought to the show. Ciara  in sheer  Givenchy  with her boyfriend,  Future . I liked  Ellie Goulding 's spikey dress, but wondered if she could comfortably sit down in it. The lovely, and newly reunited, ladies of  Danity Kane Holland Roden  was a bit overdressed in  Naeem Khan , but it was gorgeous. Lady Gaga  in  Prabal Gurung . A bit understated for her, don't you think? Robin Thicke  and wife,  Paula Patton Erin Wasson , giving us stank   in a very see through  Alexandre Vauthier  dress. Jennifer Hudson  in  Christian Dior I absolutely love  T-Boz  and  Chilli  of  TLC , but sigh. Ladies. Willow  is working her "smize",  Jaden  might be confused as to where he is. 2 Chainz , because why the hell not? Written by: Brittani Related posts: 2011 Teen Choice Awards Red Carpet  Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez Grammy Awards 2011  Best and Worst of the Red Carpet The Best and Worst of The Grammys Red Carpet And Katy Perrys Boobs The Best Dressed of The Emmys 2011 Red Carpet 2012 Emmy Awards Red Carpet Best Dressed and Full List Of Winners Tagged as: Brittani ~ The Girl You Want , Fashion - Turn To The Left! , MTV , Red Carpet , VMAs No Comments 24 Aug/13 0 *NSYNC Creates Official Twitter Account OH. So. That happened! There I was, trolling the 'net, when both Twitter and Facebook seemingly exploded. The reason? *NSYNC was now live, and verified , on Twitter. But, wait! They're not a group anymore! Au contraire . This is actually something we just don't know. Signs, like the "rumored" reunion at the  VMAs are certainly pointing to the affirmative, regardless of Lance Bass ' apparent denial. Is the boy band reuniting for a single VMA performance in honor of  Justin Timberlake  receiving the 'Video Vanguard' award? Or is something more long-term in the works? Or...was the original plan for a one-shot, with the ensuing fan reaction, enough to make the former members rethink their solo statuses? Again, we just don't know. But it's very telling that the account obtained over 30, 000 followers in the 4 hours since it'd been created. Clearly, the fans are still around (akin to those of the Backstreet Boys/NKOTB ) and there is money to be made. To answer the question posed in their first official tweet, I'm going to say that the mic is definitely on. In case you weren't around during *NSYNC's heyday,  this is what you "missed": Written by: Frenchie R. Related posts: Lindsay Lohans Accuser On Twitter? Amanda Rae Says So! Jon Gosselin empties joint bank accountoh, no he DITNT!! One Direction vs. The Wanted  Twitter Fight! Ana Knows Whats Up! Blue Ivy Carters Birth Creates Chaos and Anger for Other New Parents at Lenox Hill Hospital Lindsay Has Gone Twitter Crazy (along with all the other crazy) Tagged as: *NSYNC , boy bands , Frenchie From The Bronx , I woke up and it was the 90s , MTV , reunion , VMAs No Comments 24 Aug/13 0 North West, revealed! Yesterday morning, Kris Jenner  went ahead and did what we long suspected she would: debuted the first, much coveted, photo of North West . Not only was the photo released via her twitter , it was also shown as part of her talk show's season finale episode, in conjunction with an exclusive Kanye West interview. *sigh* *SIGH* What're you gonna do, right? Kanye values family and seems committed to helping his new one in any way he can. It just so happens that the family's matriarch is the sort of person to abuse this aspect of his character for attention/ratings. Oh, well; Kanye is certainly a big boy who can take care of himself. And, at the end of the day, it really is only his daughter that matters. Speaking of which, yes. Feast your eyes on little  North West: Now, let's all collectively "awwww" and admit that she's friggin' adorable. Written by: Frenchie R. Related posts: Kim and Kanye Name Their Daughter North West? Kanye West Needs to Sit Down and Shut UP. In Case You Were Having A Bad Monday, Heres Kanye West Running Into A Pole Kanye West Goes American Psycho To Promote His New Album Kanye West Discusses New Album, Fatherhood For The New York Times Tagged as: baby news , Crazy Baby Names , Frenchie From The Bronx , Kanye West , Kardashian Krap , Kim Kardashian , KimYe , Kris Jenner , North West No Comments 23 Aug/13 1 To Russia with an LOL! No: Wentworth Miller Sets Em Straight Say what?! I'm starting to think that Russia lives in a bona fide dream world, the real-life embodiment of the ubiquitous sno-globe. Somehow, they seem to think that their harsh and disgusting human rights violations against their LGBTQ citizens will have nary an effect on how the world sees/treats them. Pause and shake your head at that irony, folks! It's exactly as ridiculous as it sounds. Cue the written "voice" of one Wentworth Miller . You may remember him from things such as  Prison Break and, let's be real, quite a few of your fantasies. The man is beautiful, well-spoken, and...gay. Apparently, this wasn't much of a secret as it was something a number of people had suspected over the years. In fact, there was more shock over his 41 yrs of age (he must drink the same virgin's blood as Johnny Depp ) and exactly  how he chose to "come out" i.e. make his sexual orientation wide-spread knowledge rather than speculation. Russia, specifically the St. Petersburg International Film Festival , extended an invitation to the Brit  to be a "guest of honor" during the fest which runs from Sept. 13th to the 22nd. Wentworth, with a class the Russian government would do well to emulate, wrote an open letter with a clear and emphatic response: "...as a gay man, I must decline." He continues on to note that, despite being part Russian himself, he "cannot in good conscience participate in a celebratory occasion hosted by a country where people like myself are being systematically denied their basic right to live and love openly" . Lawwwwwwd. I don't know about you but I can smell the singed flesh of that burn from here! We may have Russia attempting to behave as if everything were peachy keen but Wentworth is having none of it! To the point of revealing an aspect of his life that he'd, before now, fiercely guarded. And, truly, if there's ever a reason to officially out oneself, doing it to bring even  more attention to a country's ass-backward policies regarding a significant number of their population is 100% worth it. Written by: Frenchie R. Related posts: Conan OBrien (Coco) sets the record straight. Sienna Miller as Tippi Hedren in The Girl Russell Brand to Host MTV VMAs for Second Year Straight Paris Hilton Continues To Be An Idiot With Homophobic Slurs Anderson Coopers Says Hes Gay. Yeah, AND? Tagged as: Frenchie From The Bronx , To Russia With a NO THANKS , Wentworth Miller 1 Comment Older Entries  NetworkedBlogs Blog: Dipped In Cream Topics: Celebrity Gossip , Pop Culture , Celebrity Blogger Follow my blog Blogroll Allie is Wired Busy Bee Blogger Carter Magna Celebrity Dirty Laundry Celebrity Smack! Celebrity VIP Lounge Dlisted Drunken Stepfather  NSFW Ethan Says Hollywood Gab Hollywood Hiccups I Need My Fix Mommytopia Poor Britney Pop On the Pop Popbytes Really Rich Snarkys Machine Starcasm Super Star Gossip  Hilary Shepherd The Beauty Shop The Daily Accidental The Fashion Stop The Superficial Well Honestly Now Wiz Bang Pop ZsaZsa Bellagio As Seen On CNN Editor in Chief/Founder DivaJulia is a nutty, sarcastic, yet overly-sensitive former model-turned-photographer and writer. She's also the Managing Editor of Dipped in Cream. Contributors Brittani (Contributing Editor) is a 20-something North Carolina native and aspiring writer traveling through life with a martini in one hand and a remote control in the other. Frenchie R. (Contributing Writer) Frenchie is a dyed-in-the-wool New Yorker, photographer, avid fangirl, and confessed addict of social media. If it's happening on the 'intarwebs', she needs to know about it. Being of pocket stature, it fostered her nosy nature and now she's been set forth, camera and snark in tow. David E. (Contributing Writer) is a laid-back father and proud California resident who loves movies, sports and whatever else manages to pique his curiosity. Amanda Rae (Contributing Writer) is an outspoken millennial from New Jersey whose friends are tired of listening to her wax poetic about the Kardashians, so she's gonna do it for Dipped in Cream! Kia K (Contributing Writer) was Brooklyn born and bred before a series of unfortunate events landed her in a colorful, lawless swamp. A gossip monger from the cradle, she is willing to read it, watch it and say it, so you don't have to. Ana (Contributing Writer) is 29-year-old Miami, Floridian; Psychology student, accidental hipster, lifetime Batman fangirl, part-time parkour enthusiast, and full-time Internet whore. Tiffany (Contributing Writer) is a yummy mummy living in Seattle who scouts Gamers for Microsoft by day and looking for the next band to fall in love with by night. She loves horror movies, and subscribes to both Vogue and Scientific American. Things will no doubt get weird. Buckle up! Recent Comments jeanbean on Ben Affleck Cast As A New Batman jeanbean on To Russia with an LOL! No: Wentworth Miller Sets Em Straight jeanbean on Mom Punches Skateboarder For Skating Into Her Kid At Skatepark Macklemore On The Cover Of Rolling Stone Magazine | Dipped In Cream on Macklemore and Ryan Lewis Film Video For White Walls At Dicks On Broadway In Seattle boujou on David Bowie, Louis Vuitton? What Is Going ON? David Brighton Sugardaddys Salon Copyright  2013 Dipped In Cream  Powered by WordPress Lightword Theme by Andrei Luca  Go to top  