 Better Data, Better Decisions Industry Research | Market Trends | Strategic Planning Client Center | Email us | Call: (888) 343-9945   Market Size Matters: you can't plan a strategy, start a business, or make an investment without understanding key facts about the Arts, Entertainment & Recreation industry. Find the information you need to help make the right decisions. The Report on Arts, Entertainment & Recreation contains key information used by Marketing Departments in many of the Fortune 1,000 companies and beyond. The report helps identify industry changes, trends, key players, and growth opportunities. Standard Report Premium Report Current State of the Industry Market Size (historical trends) Market Forecast (5-year projection) Products/Services Breakdown Revenue per State Financial Metrics Salary & Compensation Statistics Public Company Information Key Private Companies Government Vendors Instant Download - Available immediately upon purchase Download both PDF and Excel  2013 Market Research Report on Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Current Research on the Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Industry This section provides answers to the fundamental and commonly-asked questions about the industry: What is the total market size ($ millions)? Has the market grown or declined? What is the market growth rate? Are long term forecasts positive or negative? What is the industry size and average company size? How many companies are in the industry? Market Size Statistics - Arts, Entertainment & Recreation The total U.S. market size for the Arts, Entertainment & Recreation industry includes statistics on all companies, both public and private. Inaddition to total revenue, the table contains details on employees, companies, and average firm size.Use this market information to research and analyze growth rates and the Arts, Entertainment & Recreation industry trends and market outlookbased on quantitative research and hard data. Charts and graphs can be copied to Microsoft Word and Powerpoint presentations. Statistics 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 Market Size (Total Sales/Revenue) Order at top of page Total Firms Total Employees Average Revenue Per Firm Average Employees Per Firm Statistics Source: AnythingResearch Analysis of US Census and federal statistics Market Forecast - Arts, Entertainment & Recreation [PREMIUM] Market forecasts show the long term outlook & future growth trends for Arts, Entertainment & Recreation. The following five-year forecast utilizes advanced econometric techniques that project both short-term and long-term market growth trends. Forecast 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 Market Forecast ($ millions) Source: AnythingResearch Economic Analysis Geographic Distribution: Revenue Statistics by State Market Size by State ($ millions) indicates how competition is distributed throughout the country. Information by market can identify areas with higher and lower market share than average. Please upgrade your web browser to view statistics. Move mouse over states to see revenue statistics. Income Statement (Average Financial Metrics) - Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Financial metrics provide a snapshot view of an "average" company. Key business metrics show revenue and operating costs. The data collected covers both public and private companies. Industry Average Percent of Sales Total Revenue Order at top of page Operating Revenue Cost of Goods Sold Gross Profit Operating Expenses Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity Repairs Rent paid on business property Charitable Contributions Depletion Domestic production activities deduction Advertising Compensation of officers Salaries and wages Employee benefit programs Taxes and Licenses Bad Debts Depreciation Amortization Other Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses Operating Income Non-Operating Income EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes) Interest Expense Earnings Before Taxes Income Tax Net Profit Source: AnythingResearch Analysis of U.S. federal statistics Financial Ratio Analysis - Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Financial ratio information can be used to compare how a company in the Arts, Entertainment & Recreation industry is performing relative to its peers. Financial ratio statistics are calculated from the industry-average for income statements and balance sheets. Profitability & Valuation Ratios - Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Industry Average Company valuation can be measured based on the firm's own performance, as well as in comparison against its industry competitors. These metrics show how the average company in the Arts, Entertainment & Recreation industry is performing. Profit Margin Gross Profit Margin, Operating Profit Margin, and Net Profit Margin show company performance relative to revenues. Return on Equity (ROE) Return on Equity (ROE) is net income as a percentage of shareholders' equity. Shareholders' Equity is defined as the company's total assets minus total liabilities. ROE shows how much profits a company generates with the money shareholders invested (or with retained earnings). Return on Assets (ROA) Return on Assets (ROA) is net income relative to total assets. This measures how efficiently the company leverages its assets to generate profit. ROA is calculated as Net Income divided by Total Assets. Liquidity Ratios - Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Industry Average Liquidity Ratios measure how liquid a business is. Bankers and suppliers may use these to determine creditworthiness and identify potential threats to a company's financial viability. Current Ratio Measures a firm's ability to pay its debts over the next 12 months. Quick Ratio (Acid Test) Calculates liquid assets relative to liabilities, excluding inventories.  Efficiency Ratios - Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Industry Average Efficiency Ratios measure how quickly products and services sell, and effectively collections policies are implemented. Receivables Turnover Ratio If this number is low in your business when compared to the industry average in the research report, it may mean your payment terms are too lenient or that you are not doing a good enough job on collections. Average Collection Period Based on the Receivables Turnover Ratio, this estimates the collection period in days. Calculated as 365 divided by the Receivables Turnover Ratio Inventory Turnover Ratio A low turnover rate may point to overstocking, obsolescence, or deficiencies in the product line ormarketing effort. Fixed-Asset Turnover Ratio Generally, a higher ratio is better, since it indicates the business has less money tied up in fixed assets for each dollar of sales revenue.  Compensation & Salary Surveys for Employees Working in Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Compensation statistics provides an accurate assessment of Arts, Entertainment & Recreation jobs and national salary averages. This information can be used to identify which positions are most common, and high, low, and average annual wages. Title Percent of Workforce Bottom Quartile Average (Median) Salary Upper Quartile Management Occupations 5% INCLUDED Order at top of page Chief Executives 0% General and Operations Managers 2% Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media Occupations 38% Actors 14% Producers and Directors 6% Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations 12% Building and Grounds Cleaning and Maintenance Occupations 6% Personal Care and Service Occupations 10% Ushers, Lobby Attendants, and Ticket Takers 6% Amusement and Recreation Attendants 9% Childcare Workers 7% Fitness Trainers and Aerobics Instructors 31% Sales and Related Occupations 9% Office and Administrative Support Occupations 10% Receptionists and Information Clerks 5% Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics Companies in Arts, Entertainment & Recreation and Adjacent Industries [PREMIUM] Top Arts, Entertainment & Recreation companies with the largest estimated market share. Information includes corporate earnings and public company ticker symbols where available. Company Address Revenue Estimate Public Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Company News Web scan for recent news about public companies. Arts, Entertainment & Recreation market research on key company news, and Arts, Entertainment & Recreation statistics . The market size analysis identifies the overall sales data within the industry. Statistics break down facts about companies within the market. Government Contracts Related to Arts, Entertainment & Recreation In 2012, the federal government spent a total of $74,459,677 on Arts, Entertainment & Recreation. It has awarded 5,890 contracts to 1,718 companies, with an average value of $43,341 per company. Top government vendors: Company Federal Contracts Total Award Amount INCLUDED INCLUDED INCLUDED  Segments classified within this market research report This market research report includes companies whose primary business is any of the following: etc. Related Market Reports Can't find what you're looking for? We have over a thousand market research reports . Ask us and an analyst will help you find what you need. Markets Related to Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Overview: Arts, Entertainment & Recreation Performing Arts & Spectator Sports Performing Arts Companies Theater Companies & Dinner Theaters Dance Companies Musical Groups & Artists Spectator Sports Sports Teams & Clubs Racetracks Promoters of Performing Arts & Sporting Events Agents & Managers for Artists, Athletes, Entertainers & Public Figures Independent Artists, Writers & Performers Museums & Historical Sites Museums Historical Sites Zoos & Botanical Gardens Nature Parks & Reserves Amusement, Gambling & Recreation Industries Amusement Parks & Arcades Amusement & Theme Parks Amusement Arcades Casinos Golf Courses & Country Clubs Ski Resorts Marinas Gym, Fitness & Recreational Sports Centers Bowling Alleys Overview: Accommodation & Food Services Accommodation Traveler Accommodation Hotels & Motels Casino Hotels Bed-and-Breakfast Inns RV (Recreational Vehicle) Parks & Recreational Camps RV (Recreational Vehicle) Parks & Campgrounds Recreational & Vacation Camps Rooming & Boarding Houses Food Services & Drinking Places Special Food Services Food Service Contractors Caterers Mobile Food Services & Street Vendors Bars & Night Clubs Full-Service Restaurants Limited-Service Eating Places Cafeterias, Grill Buffets & Buffets Coffee Shops, Bagel, Donut & Ice Cream Shops  Copyright 2013 Terms of Service . | About Us | Press Inquiries |Updated August 2, 2013(0.2505 seconds)  