  Quick Facts Directions Miramar Events  Home Event Details About the Event Quick Facts Dates  Times Event Location Event Map Public Transit Festival Tips Free Mobile App 2013 Festival Highlights Stellar Live Music Saturday Twilight Concert Fine Art, Cool Crafts Fabulous Food Delicious Drink Artisan Specialty Foods Chef's Demo Tent Microbrew  Wine Tasting Tent Kids' Tons of Fun Zone AutoVino Collector Car Show Organic, Healthy  Green Zero Waste YP, The New Yellow Pages Chevrolet, Find New Roads Warriors In The House Cuda Lounge  An Art Lover's Paradise on the Streets of Menlo Park America's finest artists and craftmakers transform Menlo Park's delightful downtown into a spectacular visual feast for the senses during Connoisseurs' Marketplace , Menlo Park's popular mid-summer festival of the arts, July 20-21 from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Santa Cruz Avenue. Meet and chat with more than 250 talented artists on hand to show their latest handcrafted work in glass, ceramics, metals, fiber, leather, wood, jewelry and fine arts at this nationally renown festival. Browse among well-stocked booths filled with vibrant batik paintings, one-of-a-kind jewelry, recycled metal work, unique embroidery wall-hangings, street chic wearables, stunning glasswork, metal sculptures, hand painted tiles, beautiful slate fountains, whimsical sculptures, handmade quilts, hand thrown ceramic pieces, dramatic photography and hand carved wooden furniture –– just a sampling of the exceptional wares for sale. Functional Art Itsuko Zenitani porcelain bowl (top left), Phyllis Williams functional fused glass (bottom left), and Peter and Nancy Zajda stained glass (right) Itsuko Zenitani based the style for her beautiful, yet functional ceramics on both traditional and modern Japanese art forms and techniques. For the past several decades, she has developed unique throwing and decorating techniques and complex glaze and firing formulas. Some of her most difficult work includes hand-throwing fine porcelain to an almost translucent thinness, while retaining strength and durability of the pieces. Transform your home with a unique stained glass window from Zajda Glass Studio . Peter and Nancy Zajda take pride in helping customers bring their visions to life with their beautiful, one of a kind, handcrafted stained glass windows, skylights, sidelights and doors. After decades of working in clay and ceramics, Phyllis Williams has now turned her artistic talents to the medium of functional fused glass. Her dishes, pendants, and tiles draw from a desire for beauty in day-to-day life, nourished by the compelling quality of Asian styles and themes. Whit and Judy Whitmire create bowls, platters, cutting boards, and vases out of maple, walnut, juniper, myrtle, and other fine woods. These beautiful, handmade works of art are also completely functional, with food-safe finishes that can be easily hand-washed with soap and water. Hildegarde Wilson handwoven poncho (top left), Willy jewelry from recycled industrial materials (top right), and Gary Watrous hand-made leather hats (bottom) Wearable Art Hildegarde Wilson offers custom made woven works of art, including coats, jackets, vests, hangings, scarves, and curtains. Her greatest joy comes from working with customers on special projects such as wedding banners and wall hangings, or curtains and rugs for special interiors. Each item is woven and tailored to the customer's desire in a material and color of the customer's selection. Willy (no last name) turns aluminum washers, steel gaskets, isolation tubing, and other surplus material from the Silicon Valley computer industry into one-of-a-kind necklaces and earrings. It's an eco-friendly fashion statement so Avant-garde that it is sold in at the Smithsonian Renwick Gallery in Washington DC. Gary Watrous has been creating specialty, hand-made leather hats for more than 30 years. This family run business has a style for everyone—breathable sun hats, classic Western, top hats with attitude, or American outback. Find a unique, vintage accessory for your wardrobe with a piece by Lisa Toland . The artist creates her purses, necklaces, bracelets, hair clips, and earrings by hand-crocheting wire into a metal lace that is then adorned with glass beads, French embroidery thread, and silk fabrics. Art and Kathy Widener photograph "Moraine Lake" Russ Wagner painting "Yellow Hopper" Paul Nzalamba batik "The Drums" Fine Art Brighten your home with a watercolor painting by San Francisco artist Karen Wright . The artist enjoys painting landscapes, seascapes, florals and fruit, and vintage "woodie" automobiles. Art and Kathy Widener are a husband and wife team specializing in breathtaking landscape photography. They strive to give every photograph the feeling of wanting to be there at that moment in time. Russ Wagner's oil painting technique, inspired by years of studying the masters including Hopper and Van Gogh, make his images live on canvas. He is known for his bright, fauve-influenced use of color, and his unique brushstrokes and warm color palette evoke a sense of motion and passion. Paul Nzalamba's beautiful batiks bring home scenes of Africa with an exotic and rhythmic use of vibrant color and form. A native of Uganda, the artist chooses images that express both his cultural heritage and his personal experiences. Many pieces depict men and women draped in colorful clothing, dancing, working, or playing with their children. Though the clothing and location may be exotic, the artwork has strong universal themes of family, relationships, celebration, and learning. Lorra Lee Rose feather art (top left), Jeff Owen sculpture "Mobius" (top right), and Denis Minamora painting "Ponte de la Academia" (bottom) Sculpture/Mixed Media Steve Snyder captures the essence of human emotion through metal. Using bronze or steel, the artist sculpts elongated, anonymous figures that are remarkably expressive through their body language. Lorra Lee Rose creates visually stunning artworks using brilliant naturally colored feathers to make life-size human figures and masks. Inspired by tribal art, old movies, belle epoque costumes—and especially by her deep experience of the materials themselves—Lorra Lee develops complex patterns that feature vivid color, contrast, movement, and symmetry. The resulting works are exquisite creations that will delight anyone fortunate enough to witness them in person. Jeff Owen fell in love with metal sculpture the first time he used his father-in-law's welder to create a work of art. He creates wall hangings, lamps, sculptures, mobiles, from the abstract to the fantastic, and his pieces have been sold across the United States, and in Canada, Great Britain and Australia. Denis Minamora combines watercolors, pen and ink, and chalk pastels to create paintings that inspire the storyteller in all of us. As the viewer approaches his paintings, they experience a transition from a clear reality to a multilayered image that encourages them to see the story within. This combination of illusion and strict proportion prompts Denis to think of his work as "Romantic Realism."  Prev Next  Mobile App Enhance your show experience with the official mobile app as your guide! Download it today! Photo Downloads Download high-res JPEGs Presented By Learn more... Home Quick Facts Directions Miramar Events © 2013 Miramar Events. All rights reserved. 