      Welcome to Riteway Used Auto Parts Riteway's customer service, competitive prices, vast inventory and solid guarantee are known across the country. Riteway is a proud member of Team PRP and the United Recyclers Group. Riteway Auto Parts has been serving customers with quality used and recycled auto parts and excellent service since 1977. We are family owned and operated, and place prime importance on our customer relationships. Riteway Auto Parts is committed to giving you the highest quality used auto parts . All of our used parts are cleaned, tested, and fully warrantied to ensure YOUR satisfaction. In addition to our huge inventory of used parts for all makes and models, we now offer the ability for you to search and purchase  new parts too! Our new parts section consists of a wide selection of aftermarket (non-OE) parts such as mirrors, headlights, taillights, engine cooling fans, door and tailgate handles, and a number of other easily shippable items for a wide variety of foreign and domestic cars and trucks. Check our prices on these high quality brand new parts and you will see the exceptional value as some of these parts are available for even less money than our used parts! Order online and as with all our parts, they will be shipped within 24 hours directly to you! Our long-standing reputation of providing attention to detail and accuracy during the sale, as well as exceptional and expedient service getting our parts to their destination is unsurpassed in the industry. Our online customers have access to all wehave to offer with our online parts searchand purchasing capability. ClickHere to Start Your Parts Search! We feel certain your online experience with us will be convenient and enjoyable; we allow you to choose the mileage and condition of the used parts you are seeking, as well as warranty options that best suit your needs. Riteway takes great care to find the best recycled parts, adhering to strict environmental standards in our meticulous dismantling process. Riteway is the people's choicefor the highest quality used automobile parts. Our adherenceto the strict quality standards and the highest customerservice guidelines guarantee a very positive experience for you. Riteway has a large database ofused car parts for your convenience. We have over5,000,000 late-model used car  truck parts, and 75,000vehicles in our extensive database! All of our used parts come with our standard 100-Day Warranty! Our standard 100-Day Warranty is one of the best in the industry. We also offer the added protection of either an optional One-Year or Lifetime extended warranty! All of our parts are RUST-FREE, cleaned,tested, and fully warrantied! We ship anywhere in the worldand offer same day shipping on most parts. Free localdelivery is also available. Our 30 Day No-Hassle return policy guarantees your satisfaction. We are locatedin sunny Phoenix, Arizona, at 2502 West BroadwayRd. If  you're looking for Mercedes Benz parts, also visit our sister site, tri-starparts.com ,  Arizona's leading Mercedes Benz dismantler. You can also visit the Riteway Auto Parts eBay storefront .   View Riteway inventory photos.  Enter a stock #: Inventory  image search powered by Bridge Business Systems, Inc Home - Locate Parts - Warranty - Tour The Facility - Company Profile - Contact Us - Resources - FAQ's - Site Map 