 All MSN Outlook.com Skype My MSN MSN Directory Autos Bing Toolbar Celebs Dating Entertainment Games Health  Fitness Horoscopes Lifestyle Mobile Money Movies Music News Flyers Sports Tech  Gadgets Travel Video Weather Yellow Pages ™ MORE… Outlook.com Skype MSN Home Make MSN your Homepage Français Page Options Make text larger Support Like MSN on Facebook RSS Sign In Entertainment Entertainment | Web Live search:  Follow Home Movies Movies Home Features Galleries Reviews Video Showtimes Blog TV TV Home Video Listings Blog Celebs Celebs Home News Celebutant Photos Video Music Music Home Features Photos Music Store Music Connection Blog Music Store Editors' Blog MSN Exclusives Exclusive Video Geek Chic Entertainment news, interviews, celebrity gossip, movie showtimes, TV listings, star photos 2013 MTV Video Music Awards Red carpet fashions Best and worst moments The cast of Orphan Black chat on MSN Exclusives Win a trip to see NIN NSFW music videos Artsy or explicit? Take a look at the steamiest music videos that will fog up your screen... Also: Chicks in rock…and the fans who worship them A grown-up's guide to teen pop stars Lady Gaga's craziest outfits 2013 MTV Video Music Awards Orphan Black NIN contest NSFW music videos Entertainment News Buble, Lopilato announce birth of child Police smelled marijuana on 2 Chainz tour bus Caroline Kennedy to join March on Washington rally 'Star Wars' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs Review: 'Closed Circuit,' a post-privacy thriller '42' actor Boseman to play James Brown in biopic Canadian photography award down to final four Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm Bass nixes 'N Sync reunion; dishes on Miley Cyrus Radio star Piolin sues former employees New 'Bones' novel has links to Canadian mystery Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs 'Ender's Game' director explores 'grey zone' Jay Baruchel working on TV sitcom for ABC 'Storage Wars' comes to Canadian screens Kate Gosselin sues ex over book, alleges hacking Rapper 'Fat Joe' reports to prison in tax case Damon, Panettiere get Environmental Media Awards B.C. gallery pairs landscape, portrait shows Tori Spelling, Dean McDermott get new show Reggae star sues Va. groups after bottle injury James Brown biopic to be filmed in Mississippi Michelle Obama, daughters see 2 Broadway shows Judge approves deal dismissing Paula Deen lawsuit Celeb birthdays for the week of Sept. 1-7 Atwood, Boyden highlight fall book season Atwood, Boyden highlight fall book season Timberlake, 'N Sync take over Video Music Awards A list of winners at the MTV Video Music Awards ESPN analyst Kruk falls ill at Dodger Stadium Julie Harris, Broadway star, dies at 87 'The Butler' stays on top with $17 million New biography claims more Salinger books due out TV Blog Buzz: 'How I Met Your Mother' finale details Russell Doughten, evangelical filmmaker, dies Funeral held for author Elmore Leonard in Michigan Patrick Dempsey out of Tully's Coffee venture Linda Ronstadt tells AARP she has Parkinson's Alec Baldwin and wife give birth to daughter in NY Toronto mayor vs Hulk Hogan: arm-wrestling Shenanigans abound on 'Cutthroat Kitchen' Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows Guitar hero Slash produces first horror film Atwood's 'MaddAddam' mix of dire warnings, humour Kanye West unveils photo of baby on TV's 'Kris' New Canadian web series vie for viewers ESPN drops out of PBS project on NFL head injuries Steven Moyer cast in NBC's 'The Sound of Music' Argentina's dubbing decree praised and parodied Lovato to appear in multiple episodes of 'Glee' Serena and Venus test their culinary skills Prized Aykroyd pig stolen from restaurant Rush to star in 'Drowsy Chaperone' film Analysis: Ben Affleck and the Batman backlash Top 20 Concert Tours from Pollstar Conn. prison officials reverse ban of Lamb book Affleck to play Batman in 'Man of Steel' sequel Stars of reality show 'Pawn Stars' meet Asian fans Aziz Ansari writing book on modern courtship Tony Bennett to attend March on Washington Nevada court: gangsta rap lyrics admissible Kendrick Lamar nominated for 14 BET Hip-Hop Awards Celine Dion joins Twitter Toronto mayor to arm-wrestle Hulk Hogan Chef Crawford chopped from 'Top Chef Masters' Former 'Today' news anchor Lew Wood dies Rapper 2 Chainz arrested in Oklahoma City Hendricks talks "Mad Men" signature fashion Winfrey marks 'Butler' debut with Hula Hoop joy Duke coach: Mellencamp's son practicing with team Wentworth Miller comes out, rejects Russian invite Ky. theatre won't show 'Butler' because of Fonda 'The World's End' a toast for 3 filmmaking friends Renoir's personal items coming to NYC auction Metallica to headline at the Apollo Photographer sues Kanye West over scuffle Adam Carolla writing book, 'President Me' GLAAD finds movies lag behind TV in LGBT roles Wolverine spreads love, not claws in Montreal Hasselhoff saddened by wounding of Conn. clerk Sid Bernstein, who brought Beatles to Shea, dies Dr. Oz, union plumber aid injured British tourist Swift invites Tegan and Sara onstage in L.A. Rapper DMX again arrested in South Carolina NHL video game ups the fighting ante Dave Barry a finalist for humour prize Google and NFL meet; Sunday Ticket up for grabs? Dollywood to build resort, add shows and rides Kansas bronze sculptor Jim Brothers dies at 72 'Partridge Family' star Cassidy charged with DWI Fox News confirms firing of top network adviser Josh Duhamel loves Fergie's lady lumps Haun, Tomlin, Redman lead Dove Awards nominations Indie band Ohbijou go on indefinite hiatus Director Edgar Wright's trilogy meets 'End' James Franco gets artsy with Ovation channel Katy Perry to close iTunes Festival in London Drake to perform at VMAs; Swift, Gomez to attend JavaScript is being blocked or not supported. Editors' Blog Morning Links: Joshua Jackson, Ben Affleck, Miley Cyrus and more Morning Links: Alec Baldwin, Kanye West, Chris Brown and more Morning Links: Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Lopez, Robert Pattinson and more Music Blog Timberlake pens open letter ahead of album release Listen to John Legend's latest Arcade Fire behind "Reflektor" ad campaign Movie Blog Fan Expo 2013 Preview: Joe Dante's The 'Burbs Men Will Be Boys: The Grappling-With-Age Film The Devil's Backbone Is Back Features Celebs Adam Lambert defends under-fire Miley Cyrus Mitch Hurwitz: 'Arrested Development movie is getting close' The Help director Tate Taylor to tackle James Brown's story in Mississippi Krysten Ritter launches dog-saving campaign more celeb news... Movies Emile Hirsch tackles comedy and drama in Prince Avalanche The Grandmaster reunites Tony Leung with director Wong Kar Wai Lily Collins identifies with 'tough cookie' Clary in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones Director Harald Zwart drawn to The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones' strong heroine more movie features... Music Listen to John Legend's latest Arcade Fire behind "Reflektor" ad campaign Watch Robin Thicke's "Give It 2 U" video IRS: Michael Jackson's estate owes $702M tax bill more music features... TV Coronation Street spoilers: Is David the father? Summer TV’s Hits and Misses Coronation Street spoilers: Nick remains critical Mila Kunis turns 30: That '70s show - then and now more TV features... Reviews Movies Review: Humour translates well in The World's End Review: 'Mortal Instruments' a monster mash Review: 'You're Next' improves as cast dies Review: 'The Butler' tells a story we need to hear Review: Summer vacation charade in 'The Millers' Review: 'Elysium' is imaginative but falls short DVD Shadowland Sex and the City 2 Sex and the City 2 [Blu-ray/DVD] [Includes Digital Copy] Maniac [30th Anniversary Edition] [2 Discs] [Blu-ray] Wild Grass Maniac [30th Anniversary Edition] [2 Discs] Celeb Galleries Nineties actresses: hotter now or then? As The X-Files actress Gillian Anderson celebrates her 45th birthday, we take a look at other 1990s actresses Hollywood's longest standing couples: now and then Rumour patrol: Celebs slam false reports Vanity Fair's Best-Dressed List Celebrities without makeup The women in Simon Cowell's life Most Popular Viewed Shared Coronation Street spoilers: Is David the father? Nineties actresses: hotter now or then? Summer TV’s Hits and Misses Hollywood's longest standing couples: now and then Photos: Fan Expo Canada 2013 Wentworth Miller comes out as gay Melanie Griffith's girl is Fifty Shades frontrunner Ben Affleck set to play Batman in Batman vs. Superman movie MTV VMAs 2013: Best and worst moments MTV VMAs 2013: Red carpet fashions More from MSN.ca Lifestyle The Best And Worst Looks At The MTV VMAs Are You Guilty Of Oversharing? The Hottest Summer Drink Trends Of 2013 Whoa! The World's Weirdest Lingerie Money Lottery winners who blew it all Self-made women billionaires of 2013 Most inventive (or crazy) ways to look for work Eight ways consumers are tricked into buying things 14 vacation spots of the superrich advertisement  Up Next 0 Selena Gomez Does a Miley Cyrus and Sticks Her ... Selena Gomez does a Miley Cyrus at the premiere of her film Getaway as she is seen sticking her tongue out. Share  Selena Gomez Does a Miley Cyrus and Sticks Her Tongue Out at Getaway P...  Selena Gomez does a Miley Cyrus at the premiere of her film Getaway as she is seen sticking her tongue out. Date 9 hrs ago , Duration 1:03 , Views 1960 Video by: Splash | Britney, Paris, Lohan and More: SplashNewsOnline.com  Most Popular Most Recent    Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   Miley Cyrus Team Freaked Out by VMA Performance      Splash   Date  23 hrs ago  1:09  Tooltip Information:  Miley Cyrus Team Freaked Out by VMA Performance  Video by:     Description:   Miley Cyrus raunchy dance routine during MTVs VMAs is making a lot of headlines, and now Mileys team apparently thinks it may have been a bit too much.   Rating:   2.66   Views:   126463   Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   Taylor Swift Drops F-Bomb While Harry Styles Presents an MTV VMA Award      Splash   Date  13-08-26  1:23  Tooltip Information:  Taylor Swift Drops F-Bomb While Harry Styles Presents an MTV VMA Award  Video by:     Description:   When Harry Styles and his One Direction bandmates presented an award onstage at the 2013 MTV VMAs, Taylor Swift was filmed mouthing shut the f*** up in the audience.   Rating:   2.9   Views:   78498   Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   Miley Cyrus Uses a Foam Hand as a Sexual Prop at the MTV VMAs      Splash   Date  13-08-26  1:06  Tooltip Information:  Miley Cyrus Uses a Foam Hand as a Sexual Prop at the MTV VMAs  Video by:     Description:   Miley Cyrus ensured her MTV VMAs performance will be remembered as she twerked against singer Robin Thicke during a performance of Blurred Lines.   Rating:   3.02   Views:   82077   Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   Naomi Watts Worried About the Royal Familys Reaction to Diana      Splash   Date  21 hrs ago  1:05  Tooltip Information:  Naomi Watts Worried About the Royal Familys Reaction to Diana  Video by:     Description:   The beautiful Naomi Watts will be portraying Princess Diana in the upcoming bio-pic about her life. And the actress says she almost didnt take the role.   Rating:   3.42   Views:   29113  Duration: , Views: Rating:  This video must be watched on another web site. It cannot be added to My Playlist.  Loading... 1 of 3010  12038  Poll  Enable JavaScript to see this poll. Which star would you pick to be your celeb BFF? Thanks for being one of the first people to vote. Results will be available soon. Check for results Sandra Bullock 39%  Sandra Bullock 10,740votes Ryan Gosling 6%  Ryan Gosling 1,552votes Jennifer Aniston 14%  Jennifer Aniston 3,877votes Robert Downey Jr 9%  Robert Downey Jr 2,458votes Justin Bieber 2%  Justin Bieber 516votes George Clooney 6%  George Clooney 1,665votes Betty White 11%  Betty White 3,108votes Drew Barrymore 13%  Drew Barrymore 3,424votes Skip to results Back to voting Total Responses:27,340 Not scientifically valid. Results are updated every minute. Next Like MSN on Facebook Feature cannot display as JavaScript is disabled on your browser MSN Entertainment Site Map Movies Features Galleries Reviews Video DVD News Showtimes Blog TV Listings Celebs News Celebutant Photos Video Blog Music Features Reviews Photos Video Blog Music Store Terms of use Advertise Privacy Statement Anti-Spam MSN Entertainment Support Feedback RSS © 2013 Microsoft Live search: Close Make MSN your Homepage