  Calendar  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies Houston News Local News Blog Daily News Archives Search Special Reports National Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Houston Events Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Tickets Web Awards Summer Guide 2013 Music Showcase 2013 Houston Music Music Blog HP Music Awards Concert Calendar Houston Nightlife Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Houston Restaurants Food Blog Reviews Menu of Menus Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Houston Arts Arts Blog Houston Theater The Advice Goddess 100 Creatives Arts Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Houston Movies Movie Reviews Showtimes Movie Trailers Film Festivals Podcast Get Mobile Free Stuff Film Newsletter About Best of Houston Things to do in Houston 2012 2011 2009 2010 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads Vote Now Houston Promotions Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets Concert Series Houston Classifieds Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter  Food Music Events Movies Search Events Filter Events Date Tue Aug 27th - Mon Sep 2nd T 27  W 28  T 29  F 30  S 31  S 1  M 2  This Weekend Range Date Range:  -  Event Type  Music (542)  Arts (260)  Performing Arts (143)  Theater (126)  Food and Drink (49)  Visual Art (37)  Literary Events (33) Show More   Music (542)  Arts (260)  Performing Arts (143)  Theater (126)  Food and Drink (49)  Visual Art (37)  Literary Events (33)  Art - Galleries (7)  Art - Museums (2)  Arts (260)  Benefits (1)  Breweries (1)  Burlesque (2)  Children's Events (1)  Christmas (9)  Classes and Seminars (12)  Comedy (13)  Dance (15)  Dia de los Muertos (2)  Expos (3)  Family Events (24)  Festivals (13)  Film (7)  Film - IMAX (1)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (18)  Food and Drink (49)  Free Events (10)  Games (1)  Hanukkah (1)  Happy Hours (1)  Health and Fitness (2)  Hispanic Heritage Month (1)  History (12)  Holiday (7)  Home and Garden (3)  Labor Day (2)  Landmarks (4)  Lectures (2)  LGBT Events (1)  Libations (4)  Literary Events (33)  Meet and Greets (8)  Museum Exhibits and Events (22)  Music (542)  Nature (3)  Nightlife (3)  Off The Wall (1)  Opera (14)  Out of Town (1)  Outdoors (9)  Parks and Preserves (2)  Performance Art (1)  Performing Arts (143)  Photography (4)  Planetariums (1)  Poetry (17)  Politics (2)  Pop Culture (4)  Religion and Spirituality (1)  See and Be Seen (4)  Shopping (4)  Sports - Participatory (2)  Sports - Spectator (1)  Summer Guide (3)  Talks (14)  Theater (126)  Tours (8)  Visual Art (37)  Wineries (1)  Zoo and Animals (2) Neighborhood  Central Houston (279)  Check/UnCheck All    Downtown/ Midtown (279)  Inner Loop - NW (105)  Check/UnCheck All    Heights (105)  Inner Loop - SE (66)  Check/UnCheck All    East End (57)   Third Ward (9)  Inner Loop - SW (163)  Check/UnCheck All    Greenway Plaza (6)   Inner Loop - SW (6)   Kirby-West U (63)   Lower Shepherd-Kirby (16)   Montrose (51)   River Oaks (21)  Out of Town (1)  Check/UnCheck All    Out of Town (1)  Outer Loop - NW (25)  Check/UnCheck All    Jersey Village (13)   Outer Loop - NW (12)  Outer Loop - SE (3)  Check/UnCheck All    Outer Loop - SE (3)  Outer Loop - SW (61)  Check/UnCheck All    Galleria (33)   Memorial (4)   Outer Loop - SW (24)  Outside Houston (184)  Check/UnCheck All    Baytown (1)   Clear Lake (41)   Conroe (29)   Cypress (1)   Galveston (7)   Katy (10)   Outside Houston (94)   Pasadena (1)  Calendar of Events in Houston Tuesday, August 27 Guilty Crown Alamo Drafthouse Cinema - Mason There's a reason that the weekly anime screenings at the Alamo Drafthouse have endured for years as a Houston staple: Coordinator Rommel Salandanan has a knack for getting the best A-List anime titles and sleeper hits. This week he's got Guilty Crown, a 2011 series that follows high school student Shu Ouma after he mysteriously develops the power to extract psychic weapons from people's... Read more about this event  Little Joe Washington  Boondocks Out of a Third Ward blues guitar school that has now graduated to the great beyond Albert Collins, Johnny Clyde Copeland, Johnny Guitar Watson and Joe Guitar Hughes, Little Joe Washington is the last man standing. And hes hardly standing still: Hes also pedaling his Schwinn from gig to gig, Fender strapped to his back, doing things with it youve never heard before and... Read more about this event  ''Feral''  Art League Houston Artist Buster Graybill grew up in Conroe, so it's no surprise he's familiar with Texas wildlife. Using sculpture, photography and video, Graybill's ''Feral'' exhibit at Art League Houston captures that natural splendor and gives it a twist. Graybill created several minimalist geometric sculptures that also function as wild-animal feeders. He calls the feral sculptures ''Tush Hogs.'' Via press... Read more about this event  Art on the Lawn: Endless Contemporary Arts Museum Houston The altar columns of St. Peter's Basilica inspired, in part, Houston artist and Glassell School of Art Director Joseph Havel's sculpture Endless, currently installed in the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston's front lawn fountain. (The piece is part of the ongoing series Art on the Lawn.) ''It's a beautiful sculpture whose base is made from bronze,'' says CAMH's senior curator, Valerie Cassel... Read more about this event  ''Penguins of the Antarctic: A Photographic Expedition''  Houston Museum of Natural Science Naturalist and photographer J. J. L'Heureux turned her lens on the ice and animals who call it home for her exhibit ''Penguins of the Antarctic: A Photographic Expedition.'' During multiple trips to the region, L'Heureux traveled aboard a Russian icebreaker. The route was thought to be risky, but instead of problems the expedition enjoyed perfect conditions allowing the icebreaker's captain... Read more about this event  ''CHOMP! The Science of Survival''  Space Center Houston If you want to prepare your child for a future on the crocodile planet, Space Center Houston has you covered with ''CHOMP! The Science of Survival.'' (A crocodile planet is just one of many alternative-reality futures that those of us in the know are preparing for.) The exhibit brings the world of crocodilians to Space Center Houston for what are being called ''nose-to-snout'' encounters. The... Read more about this event  More Tuesday Events >> Wednesday, August 28 ''The Beauty Box''  Open Location Local mixed-media artist Robert Hodge and his partner Philip Pyle, a sculptor and digital artist, have converted an open-air space in the Third Ward into ''The Beauty Box,'' an art installation thats a replica of a living room. The front door, located on Dowling Street, opens into a cozy home setting. A wooden dining table, with two antique chairs upholstered in deep burgundy fabric,... Read more about this event  ''Self, Model, and Self as Other''  Museum Of Fine Arts, Houston Each image in ''Self, Model, and Self as Other,'' an exhibit of 50 self-shot photos from the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston's photography collection, reveals a facet of the psychological structure that Sigmund Freud defined as superego, id and ego. ''Self as Other'' correlates with the superego's job of restraining the untamed desires of the id. These photographs arent retouched.... Read more about this event  Late Nite Catechism Las Vegas: Sister Rolls the Dice Stages Repertory Theatre "We're pretty sure a fair number of Houston Press readers already are familiar with the business end of a nun's ruler (and if not, they probably should be)," says Stages Repertory Theatre Director of Marketing Lise Bohn of the nondenominational comedy Late Nite Catechism Las Vegas: Sister Rolls the Dice. Playwright Maripat Donovan's happy reacquaintance of Catholic-school survivors with the... Read more about this event  ''Animals Assembled: A Safari Built with LEGO Bricks''  Houston Zoo Everyone expects to see animals at a zoo, but the Houston Zoo has kicked it up a notch with ''Animals Assembled,'' an exhibition of life-size animal sculptures made entirely of LEGO building blocks. The sculptures were assembled by certified Master Builders (we consider it a serious transgression that our high school counselor never even mentioned being a LEGO master builder as a... Read more about this event  Mike Stinson  McGonigel's Mucky Duck Mike Stinson takes a personal inventory at just about every gig he plays. One song on his new album, Hell and Half of Georgia, "The Box I Take to Work," totes up a good two dozen things he  or any talented independent musician clawing out a living one show at a time, really  needs within arm's reach. He's got a power strip, highway map, Willie Nelson bandanna, George Jones... Read more about this event  More Wednesday Events >> Thursday, August 29 Rockstar Energy UPROAR Festival featuring Alice In Chains  Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion Though it seems like the Mayhem Festivals semis just pulled away from the Pavilion, wed venture that Rockstar Energy Drink is getting its moneys worth with Uproar as well. With this years The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here, Alice in Chains proved their 2009 resurrection with new singer William DuVall was no fluke  Jerry Cantrells crew is still pushing the... Read more about this event  ''Bitters, Brews and Beyond: Houston History in a Bottle''  The Heritage Society Hamburgers come in paper boxes, toys are sealed in plastic that requires a freakin lightsaber to open and water is sold in more plastic still. The folks over at the Heritage Society remember a time when elegant bottles held our most needed items, and they're displaying them as part of the new exhibit ''Bitters, Brews and Beyond: Houston History in a Bottle.''''During the late 19th and... Read more about this event  Nautilus Live  Journey to the Ocean Floor  Burke Baker Planetarium The odds are that most of us will never be rugged heroes of science who plumb the ocean depths looking for the answers to nature's most well-hidden mysteries. Luckily, the Houston Museum of Natural Science brings us the next best thing with Nautilus Live  Journey to the Ocean Floor. Now through November, visitors to the Burke Baker Planetarium can watch live underwater exploration... Read more about this event  ''Waters Edge (Mizugiwa)''  Catherine Couturier (formerly John Cleary Gallery) In the traditional Japanese art of flower arrangement, mizugiwa means the point where the water and plant meet. In English, that's better known as the shore or bank, which doesn't seem nearly as poetic. In ''Water's Edge (Mizugiwa)'' at Catherine Couturier Gallery, Houston artist Libbie J. Masterson explores this intersection through a series of photographs. Captured all over the world, the... Read more about this event  Houston Health Museum: ''Backyard Monsters: The World of Insects''  The Health Museum Giant bugs are such a terrifying idea that they actually have their own apocalyptic film subgenre. Throw ''robotics'' into the mix and you have ''Backyard Monsters: The World of Insects'' (the educational exhibit for the whole family, not a 1950s sci-fi flick). The bugs are the products of Garner Holt Productions, who have more than 30 years in the animatronics game. These insect creations... Read more about this event  More Thursday Events >> Friday, August 30 The Aliens Boheme Cafe & Wine Bar Horse Head Theatre Company is well known for mounting its progressive and edgy theatrical productions in unexpected venues. Boheme's Cafe and Wine Bar's back lot is the site of the troupe's presentation of Obie Award winner Annie Baker's The Aliens, a show that follows two friends talking in a coffee shop. But Boheme's neighbors don't need to worry about possible noise. ''Aliens is like... Read more about this event  Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears  Cactus Music & Video It cant be a coincidence that the recent vinyl revival and the rise of young throwback soul bands like Austins Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears have happened at the same time, but it sure works out well Friday night. To promote the bands brand-new fifth album, Electric Slave (out next Tuesday), the Honeybears are commandeering Cactus as part of their Electric Texas... Read more about this event  Buddy Guy & Jimmie Vaughn  Arena Theatre These two veteran blues guitarists and singers are a sight different from one another, but dont be surprised to see them together onstage Friday, with neither man giving much in the way of ground. About as cool a customer as they come, Vaughan will be making his first appearance on a Houston stage since he had a heart attack in January, but if hes back out on the road, you can... Read more about this event  Steely Dan  Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion For a band that once famously rejected live gigging in favor of holing up in studios to create meticulously crafted records, Steely Dan has surprisingly become late-career road dogs. On "Think Fast," SD's fifth tour this decade alone, Donald Fagen, Walter Becker and their crack band will plow  smoothly, of course  through their '70s catalogue, in addition to more recent material... Read more about this event  ''Penguins of the Antarctic: A Photographic Expedition''  Houston Museum of Natural Science Naturalist and photographer J. J. L'Heureux turned her lens on the ice and animals who call it home for her exhibit ''Penguins of the Antarctic: A Photographic Expedition.'' During multiple trips to the region, L'Heureux traveled aboard a Russian icebreaker. The route was thought to be risky, but instead of problems the expedition enjoyed perfect conditions allowing the icebreaker's captain... Read more about this event  ''Self, Model, and Self as Other''  Museum Of Fine Arts, Houston Each image in ''Self, Model, and Self as Other,'' an exhibit of 50 self-shot photos from the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston's photography collection, reveals a facet of the psychological structure that Sigmund Freud defined as superego, id and ego. ''Self as Other'' correlates with the superego's job of restraining the untamed desires of the id. These photographs arent retouched.... Read more about this event  Soo Sunny Park: Unwoven Light Rice University Art Gallery Soo Sunny Park's Unwoven Light installation at Rice Gallery is unapologetically pretty. It's a glistening, iridescent canopy of shimmering pinks, purples, blues, greens and yellows that resembles anything from a fish's scales to a spider's web wet with raindrops. Despite the apt comparisons, this creation is anything but organic. Unwoven Light is composed entirely of chain-link fence and... Read more about this event  More Friday Events >> Saturday, August 31 Foxfinder Spring Street Studios Remember that ominous ad from the 2004 presidential election that featured a snarling wolf roaming the countryside, terrorizing unsuspecting country folk? Mildred's Umbrella Theater Company's Foxfinder substitutes a threatening hoard of terrorizing foxes for the wolf. The danger prompts a visit from an official Foxfinder to a family farm. But is the real threat from pointy-snouted,... Read more about this event  Backstreet Boys  Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion As the best-selling boy band in history, the Backstreet Boys are not only jumping on the 90s nostalgia bandwagon but also hitting the recording studio to freshen up their sound with some tracks that will bring them into the 2010s. But their summer tour will surely throw in at least a few old favorites, since it would hardly be a Backstreet Boys concert without Quit Playing Games... Read more about this event  Journey Agents  Continental Club Usually when a band resurfaces after a long layoff, theyve been working up new tunes or more personal matters are afoot. We know the latter is the case for Spain Colored Orange, whose pianist/vocalist, Gilbert Alfaro, is a relatively recent husband and dad (congrats), so we hope the trumpet-guided psychedelic pop crew has a new tune or two in the bargain for its first local gig in many... Read more about this event  Los Skarnales  Fitzgerald's Like a good hand grenade, when the pin is pulled on a Los Skarnales gig, there's usually an explosion. Felipe Galvan, "El Tiburon" and the other cool cats lay down frantic old-school ska with a Latin punk twist that usually feels like a riot about to happen. When these guys lay the pachuco boogie down, the party is always on. Read more about this event  ''In Residence: Work by 2012 Resident Artists''  Houston Center for Contemporary Craft Each year, the Houston Center for Contemporary Craft selects a small number of artists to participate in its residency program. Houston artist and high school teacher Tarina Frank was among this year's participants. Work she created during her residency is part of the group exhibit ''In Residence: Work by 2012 Resident Artists.'' Frank morphs metals and plastics into jewelry. Drawing on... Read more about this event  ''Waters Edge (Mizugiwa)''  Catherine Couturier (formerly John Cleary Gallery) In the traditional Japanese art of flower arrangement, mizugiwa means the point where the water and plant meet. In English, that's better known as the shore or bank, which doesn't seem nearly as poetic. In ''Water's Edge (Mizugiwa)'' at Catherine Couturier Gallery, Houston artist Libbie J. Masterson explores this intersection through a series of photographs. Captured all over the world, the... Read more about this event  Standing on Ceremony: The Gay Marriage Plays Resurrection Metropolitan Community Church All together, the writers behind Standing on Ceremony: The Gay Marriage Plays have two Pulitzer Prizes, four Obies, two Tony Award nominations and one Emmy. That's quite a cache for just eight writers. Standing on Ceremony, a collection of short plays, features My Husband and The Gay Agenda by Paul Rudnick, On Facebook by Doug Wright and Pablo and Andrew at the Altar of Words by Jose Rivera.... Read more about this event  More Saturday Events >> Sunday, September 01 ''The Beauty Box''  Open Location Local mixed-media artist Robert Hodge and his partner Philip Pyle, a sculptor and digital artist, have converted an open-air space in the Third Ward into ''The Beauty Box,'' an art installation thats a replica of a living room. The front door, located on Dowling Street, opens into a cozy home setting. A wooden dining table, with two antique chairs upholstered in deep burgundy fabric,... Read more about this event  ''James Turrell: The Light Inside''  Museum Of Fine Arts, Houston For 13 years, visitors to the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston have enjoyed James Turrell's The Light Inside, a commissioned light tunnel that connects the two buildings on the MFAH campus. Now they can see more of the light artists mind-bending works in the landmark retrospective ''James Turrell: The Light Inside,'' an examination of Turrell's career, which spans five decades. The MFAH... Read more about this event  The Marvelous Wonderettes: Caps and Gowns Stages Repertory Theatre Young love will be on display in all its musical splendor in Roger Bean's The Marvelous Wonderettes: Caps and Gowns at Stages Repertory Theatre. Houston audiences first met high school friends Cindy Lou, Missy, Betty Jean and Suzy in The Marvelous Wonderettes (2010), then saw them again in Winter Wonderettes (2011). Director/choreographer Melissa Rain Anderson says: "[Caps and Gowns] is an... Read more about this event  ''Cathy Cunningham-Little: Reconstructing Visual Isomers''  Redbud Gallery There are few phrases in the English language more terrifying than ''going blind.'' We're a sight-based species. All of our interactions, including the one we're having now, are based on sight. Cathy Cunningham-Little, an abstract multimedia artist from Virginia who has shown works all over the world, got interested in the loss of sight after her father began to go blind. Her art, seen in the... Read more about this event  More Sunday Events >> Monday, September 02 Houston Health Museum: ''Backyard Monsters: The World of Insects''  The Health Museum Giant bugs are such a terrifying idea that they actually have their own apocalyptic film subgenre. Throw ''robotics'' into the mix and you have ''Backyard Monsters: The World of Insects'' (the educational exhibit for the whole family, not a 1950s sci-fi flick). The bugs are the products of Garner Holt Productions, who have more than 30 years in the animatronics game. These insect creations... Read more about this event  FotoFest Discoveries  Open Location FotoFest is an internationally respected citywide exhibition of photography whose only shortcoming, some would say, can be found in the fact that it's a biennial celebration. Two years is a long time to wait between the visual feast FotoFest famously offers its patrons. But here's good news for those eager patrons: FotoFest Discoveries fills the void. ''This exhibition, like the title... Read more about this event  ''Animals Assembled: A Safari Built with LEGO Bricks''  Houston Zoo Everyone expects to see animals at a zoo, but the Houston Zoo has kicked it up a notch with ''Animals Assembled,'' an exhibition of life-size animal sculptures made entirely of LEGO building blocks. The sculptures were assembled by certified Master Builders (we consider it a serious transgression that our high school counselor never even mentioned being a LEGO master builder as a... Read more about this event  ''CHOMP! The Science of Survival''  Space Center Houston If you want to prepare your child for a future on the crocodile planet, Space Center Houston has you covered with ''CHOMP! The Science of Survival.'' (A crocodile planet is just one of many alternative-reality futures that those of us in the know are preparing for.) The exhibit brings the world of crocodilians to Space Center Houston for what are being called ''nose-to-snout'' encounters. The... Read more about this event  More Monday Events >> About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Things To Do App Advertising Contact Us National Classified Infographics Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? Careers 2013 Houston Press, LP, All rights reserved.  Loading... 