 Fox News Digital Network Fox News Fox Business uReport Fox News Radio Fox News Latino Fox Nation Fox News Insider Login Account You're logged in as Profile Logout Search Site Listen to Fox News Radio Live  On Air Now  On Air Personalities  Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports On Air Previous Slide Next Slide  Entertainment Home Celebrity News Movies TV Music Style & Beauty Slideshows UK art collector says he is divorcing TV chef Nigella Lawson Published July 07, 2013 Associated Press Oct. 9, 2012 - FILE photo, English food writer, journalist and broadcaster, Nigella Lawson poses in Cannes, southeastern France. AP LONDON  Prominent art collector Charles Saatchi said Sunday he is divorcing his celebrity chef wife Nigella Lawson because she did not publicly defend his reputation after images emerged of him grasping her throat in a posh London restaurant. Tabloid newspapers last month published photos of the incident, which Saatchi described as a "playful tiff" during an intense debate about the couple's children. The 70-year-old Saatchi was given a police "caution" after admitting assault. He told Britain's Mail on Sunday newspaper that he was "sorry" to announce he will be divorcing Lawson, adding that they have become "estranged" and drifted apart over the past year. "`I feel that I have clearly been a disappointment to Nigella during the last year or so, and I am disappointed that she was advised to make no public comment to explain that I abhor violence of any kind against women, and have never abused her physically in any way," he said. In what the tabloid called an "exclusive statement" breaking the news to Lawson, Saatchi also suggested that Lawson had herself grasped his neck in a similar fashion in the past. The Mail on Sunday said that Lawson was not made aware of the divorce move prior to publication. Lawson and Saatchi married in 2003 and lived in London with Lawson's son and daughter from her marriage to journalist John Diamond, who died of cancer in 2001, and Saatchi's daughter from a previous marriage. Lawson's spokesman Mark Hutchinson -- who previously has confirmed that she and her children left the family home after the photos were published -- declined to comment on Saatchi's statement. Lawson is a well-known TV presenter and chef whose cookbooks are best-sellers in Britain and the United States. Saatchi, co-founder of the Saatchi  Saatchi ad agency, owns one of London's biggest private art galleries. He was the main patron of the Young British Artists movement of the 1990s, which made household names of artists including Damien Hirst and Tracey Emin. Print Email Share Comments Recommend Tweet Share This Article View Article Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. You must login to comment. View Article  Advertisement FOLLOW FOX NEWS 411 Get Our Free Newsletter Newsletter Signup  Trending in Entertainment 1 Stars who lost their mojo 2 Stars rejected by Playboy 3 Are Miley's antics hurting the Disney brand? 4 Alec Baldwin gets into another fight with a photographer 5 Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga's raunchiest VMA moments See all trends  From Our Partners  Shocking horror movie secrets (BuzzFeed) Insane movie set secrets (Buzzfeed) Totally laughable celebrity alibis (Celebuzz) Beyonce chops off all her hair (FoxNews.com) Stars in skimpy swimwear (TMZ)  Advertisement 'Arrow' Season 2 poster: Big character changes in the artwork 'The Daily Show': Everywhere Jon Stewart has been this summer, according to John Oliver 'Capture' preview: Teal team twins make great prey, but will that transfer over to their hunt? 'Sons of Anarchy' gets internet post-show 'Anarchy Afterword' 'Haven' Season 4 video: Watch a sneak peek and meet the 'new' Audrey  Miley Cyrus RIPPED By Teddy Bear Org. -- They're for Cuddling, Not Twerking! Pippi Longstocking -- Sex Tape Will NEVER See the Light of Day Joe Francis -- SENTENCED TO JAIL Alec Baldwin -- Street Fight with NYC Photog [Update] 2 Chainz Arrest -- Cops Say Rapper's Friend Waved Around Constitution  Don’t Ask Selena Gomez What Taylor Swift Said At The VMAs 5 Things That Make Gwyneth Paltrow So…Gwyneth Paltrow Liam Hemsworth Invited to White Castle Hall of Fame Hey Taylor Swift, One Direction Needs You To ‘Get Over’ Harry Styles Stars Share Their Favorite Songs Of Summer 2013  VH1 ‘Tough Love’ Host Steve Ward Called Call Girl An ‘Illegitimate Person’ — Before Promising Her A Spot On His Reality Show In Exchange For Sex Casey Anthony Is An Aunt! Brother Lee Gives ‘Tot Mom’ Her First Nephew Alec Baldwin Allegedly ‘Attacks’ A Photographer Outside New York Apartment, Cops Called Lamar Odom Drug Scandal: He Rejects Dramatic Intervention From Lakers & Clippers Teammates — Fears Now He ‘Can’t Be Saved’ Miley Cyrus Flips The Bird At Critics Of Raunchy MTV VMA Grinding Performance  Ricky Martin: "I Used To Bully People I Knew Were Gay" Scarlett Johansson And Joseph Gordon-Levitt Get Sexy In New Don Jon Trailer EXCLUSIVE VIDEO - Kris Jenner Avoids Questions About Whether Khloe And Lamar Will Divorce Robin Thicke Debuts "Give It 2 U" Music Video After Making Headlines At The VMAs Leann Rimes Throws Luau Bash For 31st Birthday  Billy Ray on Miley: She's Still My Little Girl 'PLL' Star Ian Harding Talks Ezria & Finale Shocks 'Capture' Exclusive: What Constitutes Cheating? 'Suits' Exclusive: Donna Faces Stephen's Screw-Up Exclusive Clip: Liam's 'Empire' Interrogation Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather Shows America Live America's News HQ America's Newsroom Cavuto Fox Files Fox News Sunday Fox  Friends First Fox  Friends Fox  Friends Weekend Fox News Watch Fox Report Geraldo at Large Greta Hannity  Happening Now Huckabee Justice with Judge Jeanine Red Eye w/ Gutfeld Special Report Specials Studio B The Cost of Freedom The Five The Journal Editorial Report The O' Reilly Factor War Stories Tools Live Video Trending uReport Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps  Downloads About Careers Internships - FNCU Fox Around the World Advertise With Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters  This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.2013 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. 