 BRITANNIA.COM . . . AMERICA'S GATEWAY TO THE BRITISH ISLES SINCE 1996 Search Britannia Press "ENTER" Panorama Britannia Homepage Travel Homepage COLUMNISTS Betts: From the Other Shore Brenda R. Lewis: Commentary PANORAMA Colleges/Universities What's Cooking Antique Dealers UK Newspapers Literature British Humor Museums FOR TRAVELLERS Airport Transfers BritRail Passes, Eurostar Hotels Reservations Car Rental Vacations Packages London Guided Tours Virtual Tours Travel Resources DESTINATION GUIDES UK County/City London Guide Wales Scotland UK DIRECTORIES Hotels & B Self Catering Cottages Student Travel Tourist Boards Castles & Historic Houses English Country Houses Golfing in the UK Boating Vacations Museums National Parks Festivals Colleges & Universities Pub Guides GUIDE BOOKS Britain & England London BRITANNIA About Britannia Terms of Use Privacy Statement Awards & Accolades Links Advertising Rates Contact us  British Literature HEADLINE NEWS | SPORTS | ARTS | GOVERNMENT Theatre | Music | Movies | Humour | Literature | Museums British Video Index | British Book Index | British Audio Index English Literature Resources Project Gutenberg -the oldest producer of free electronic books British Poetry 1780-1910 - Hypertext archives. Some text are illustrated, annotated or both. Includes complete works of Shelley, Wordsworth, Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade", "Beowulf" and more Major Works of Literature Online - University of Toronto. English Literature Electronic Text Resources - University of Edinburgh. Luminarium - An award winning site devoted to English literature of the Middle Ages, Renaissance, and the early 17th century. Library & Reference Resources Bodleian Library - University of Oxford. Links, access to remote databases, shopping at the Bodleian Shop, etc. Books on line - A searchable index, by author or title with links to the books. British Library Services - Site totally devoid of graphics, but has essential information for anyone interested in using the library for research. The WWW Virtual Library - Subject catalogue. Resources on the Web by subject. Good reference section. The British Library Online-Portico - Vast resources available online. University of London Library. Robert Cawdrey's Table of English Words and their meaning (1604). The Middle Ages Beowulf Resources, translations, bibliography of studies at Georgetown University Geoffrey Chaucer (ca. 1343-1400) "The Canterbury Tales", text indexed by tale. 16th Century Edmund Spenser - Home Page Edmund Spenser - (1552-1599) Selected poetry. The Spenser Web Shakespeare Shakespeare Resource Center Great place to start The Folger Shakespeare Library IBM: Digital University (Shakespeare) The Life and Times of William Shakespeare From Stratford.com Shakespeare for the Rest of Us Sites on Shakespeare and the Renaissance Shakespeare's Country Shakespeare's Stratford on the Web Mr. Shakespeare and the Internet Annotated works, timelines, quotes, directories.. you name it...a great place to find what you're looking for concerning the bard. Shakespeare's Complete Works - The Internet Public Library Complete works of William Shakespeare - Another site, just in case. Shakespeare Oxford Society - Oldest society in Shakespeare authorship debate. Shakespeare Web - Interactive hypermedia environment. 17th Century The Works of John Donne John Milton - (1604-1674) Selected poetry. Paradise Lost - Milton's masterpiece. The Milton Homepage Sir Francis Bacon (1561-1626) Essays. The Restoration and 18th Century Jonathan Swift (1667-1745) Gulliver's Travels An impressive research-quality site dedicated to Jonathan Swift's most important work. The full text is there, along with useful support material for Swift enthusiasts as well as students of 18th Century Britain. The Lady's Dressing Room Text files. A Modest Proposal Text files. Alexander Pope (1688-1744) An Essay on Criticism An Essay on Man The Rape of the Lock Fanny Hill - Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure by John Cleland Romantic Period (1798-1832) British Poetry 1780-1910 - Hypertext archives. Some text are illustrated, annotated or both. Includes complete works of Shelley, Wordsworth, Tennyson's "Charge of the Light Brigade", "Beowulf" and more. William Blake (1757-1827) Selected poetry indexed and searchable The Blake Multimedia Project Quotations from William Blake Blake Archive Blake Online William Wordsworth Complete Poetical Works. Poems indexed chronilogically William Wordsworth Selected Poetry by William Wordsworth Samuel Taylor Coleridge Kubla Khan The Rime of the Ancient Mariner S. T. Coleridge Homepage Selected Poetry by Samuel Taylor Coleridge Lord Byron Selected Poetry by Lord Byron Selected Works of Lord Byron Percy Bysshe Shelley Complete Poetical Works Percy Bysshe Shelley, selected poetry Mary Shelley Frankenstein John Keats A portrait, first publication "Ode to a Nightingale" and more John Keats (1795-1821) Selected poetry John Keats Poetical Works Dante Gabriel Rossetti (1828-1882) The complete writings and pictures of the Pre-Raphaelite poet and painter Robert Burns (1759-1796) Selected poems and a glossary of Scottish terms Robert Burns International Festival Robert Burns Selected Poems Robert Burns Sons of Ayrshire The Victorian Age (1832 - 1901) Mathew Arnold (1822-1888) Selected poems Jane Austen Works on the Net Alfred Lord Tennyson Selected poems including Lady of Shalot and Sir Galahad, Charge of the Light Brigade More including "The Idylls of the King" Elizabeth Barret Browning Sonnets From The Portuguese Lewis Carroll Alice in Wonderland Through The Looking Glass The Hunting of the Snark Charles Dickens "A Christmas Carol", "Great Expectations" and "The Chimes" The Dickens Project - Conferences, publications, resources for reading, teaching and study. Electronic archive. The Baker Street Connection - Complete text of the 56 short stories and the four full-length novels written about England's greatest fictional detective Sherlockian Homepage - Electronic texts, resources, downloadable pictures and sound, specialized hotlinks, things for sale, other works by Arthur Conan Doyle, actors, etc H. G. Wells Works on the Web including "War of the Worlds", "The Invisible Man" and "The Time Machine" Victorian Womens Writers Project The Victorian Web Literature, authors, art, architecture, design, social and political contexts, economics, science, technology, etc. 20th Century Thomas Hardy Far from the Madding Crowd The Mayor of Casterbridge Tess of the d'Urbervilles A Pair of Blue Eyes Jude the Obscure Hardy in Dorset - Books to download including "Tess of the D'Urbervilles", "Far from the Madding Crowd", "The Mayor of Casterbridge" and others; as well as critiques Thomas Hardy Resource Library - Texts of his novels, articles, a Timeline of his life, and much more. A great place to visit if you are a Hardy fan. Joseph Conrad An Outcast Of The Islands The Secret Sharer A Set of Six The Nigger of the Narcissus Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard / Joseph Conrad Heart of Darkness Lord Jim The Arrow of Gold : A Story Between Two Notes / by Joseph Conrad Tales of Unrest Typhoon, and other stories A Personal Record William Butler Yeats (1871-1957) His works on the Net James Joyce Ulysses Finnegans Wake D. H. Lawrence "Lady Chatterley's Lover" The Woman Who Rode Away and other stories "The Fox" Biography of D. H. Lawrence by John Worthen, Professor of D. H. Lawrence Studies, University of Nottingham. Seamus Heaney - Selected poems from this 1995 Nobel Prize Laureate and a biography. Rudyard Kipling White Man's Burden The Jungle Book C. S. Lewis - Website called "Into the Wardrobe" for the more serious Lewis scholars. Includes mailing lists, chat room, picture album, newsgroups, links,news and more Wyndham Lewis - (1882-1957) Index of works and links. William Makepeace Thackeray - "The Chronicle of the Drum" Dylan Thomas - His poem, "Fern Hill", and photos of actual location JRR Tolkien Jules Verne - Around the World in Eighty Days Virginia Woolf "The Voyage Out" Magazines The Richmond Review - Literary monthly magazine on the Web. Includes articles on a diversity ofsubjects, archived back issues, reviews of books and film and links.  