 wpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost Real Estate Rentals Cars Today's Paper Going Out Guide FindSave Service Alley Home PostTV In PostTV Politics In Politics Congress Courts  Law The Fed Page Health Care Polling White House GovBeat Md. Politics Va. Politics D.C. Politics Blogs & Columns Ask Aaron live chat: The transcript Post Politics | Aaron Blake The Fact Checker is away The Fact Checker | Glenn Kessler Honor the dream by honoring the... She The People | Bernardine Watson How the fall fiscal debates could... The Fix | Sean Sullivan Opinions In Opinions Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations The Posts View Left-Leaning Right-Leaning Local Opinions Columnist Index Featured Blogs The 2024 Summer Olympics belong... ComPost | Alexandra Petri Why going to Congress before war... The Plum Line | Jonathan Bernstein President Obama's "Bring Them On"... PostPartisan | Ed Rogers The compassion gap Right Turn | Jennifer Rubin Local In Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Crime Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Blogs  Columns Blogs & Columns Join the Capital Weather Watchers... Capital Weather Gang | Jason Samenow Passenger's Mike Rosenberg: Busker... Going Out Guide | Lavanya Ramanathan Drivers towed from Silver Spring... Dr. Gridlock | Lori Aratani Sports In Sports Redskins/NFL Capitals/NHL Wizards/NBA Nationals/MLB D.C.United/Soccer Colleges AllMetSports Blogs  Columns Forums OtherSports Blogs & Columns USA Hockey's Sochi jerseys unveiled Capitals Insider | Lindsay Applebaum Interview with RGIII movie directors DC Sports Bog | Lindsay Applebaum Redskins complete first cuts The Insider | Mike Jones Nationals-Marlins lineups Nationals Journal | James Wagner National In National Energy Environment Health  Science Education National Security Investigations On Faith On Leadership Innovations On Giving Corrections Blogs & Columns Is the Twittersphere ready for... Innovations | Dominic Basulto Microsoft's flawed system of performance... On Leadership | Jena McGregor King's dream: Waiting with perseverance On Faith | T.D. Jakes World In World Africa TheAmericas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East National Security War Zones Special Reports Columns  Blogs  Blogs & Columns Giving up the element of surprise... WorldViews | Max Fisher Google's app store comes to Iran WorldViews | Brian Fung A map showing Syria's complexity WorldViews | Max Fisher Asia is taking over oil markets WorldViews | Brad Plumer Business In Business Economy Industries Local Business Markets PolicyRegulation Technology WorldBusiness Capital Business On Small Business On I.T.  Blogs & Columns A new parent feels the stress,... The Color of Money | Michelle Singletary Economists think a D.C. Olympics... Wonkblog | Brad Plumer Tech In Technology Policy Innovation GreenTechnology The Switch PhotoGalleries Blogs & Columns Windows 8.1 to come out Oct. 18... Hayley Tsukayama Why Google brought its app store... The Switch | Brian Fung Phone metadata can be very revealing The Switch | Timothy B. Lee Siri doesn't like being asked about... The Switch | Brian Fung Lifestyle In Lifestyle Advice Carolyn Hax Food Home  Garden Style Travel Weddings Wellness Magazine KidsPost On Parenting  Blogs & Columns New biography to present a less... The Style Blog | Ron Charles Names  Faces: Madonna, Donald... The Reliable Source | Michael Livingston II Entertainment In Entertainment Books Comics Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles  Games Theater Dance TV Blogs & Columns DCs Trinity War Comic Riffs | David Betancourt  Passenger's Mike Rosenberg: Busker... Going Out Guide | Lavanya Ramanathan Jobs In Jobs More Classifieds Cars Deals Real Estate Rentals Photos Blogs Discussions FindSave Obituaries Archives Topics WP Wine Club Service Alley Television  In the News March on Washington VMAs Amazon Juicy J Miley Cyrus  ???initialComments:true! pubdate:08/02/2013 17:54 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:8/16/13 5:54 EDT! currentDate:8/26/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:false! displayComments:true! The Mall throughout history Top moments at the VMAs Travel Photo Contest winners Sneezing baby panda now a thing we can look... DeGeneres to host Oscars for second time View Photo Gallery  Oscar hosts through the years:Ellen DeGeneres will take on the high-profile role in 2014 of hosting the Academy Awards. Heres a look at other hosts.  By Emily Yahr , E-mail the writer So long, Seth MacFarlane. A year after the Family Guy creators crude brand of humor drew widespread criticism, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has decided to go with a much safer name to host next years Oscars telecast  daytime talk-show favorite Ellen DeGeneres . BEGINNING of GOG Article left rail module, stamped at 08/27/2013 01:13:56 profile feed: http://www.washingtonpost.com/gog/profile.xml?id=default", if id=='default', it skips dynamic content. GoingOut Guide Looking for things to do? Select one or more criteria to search Anything Events Bars  Club Events Book Events Exhibits Food Events Miscellaneous Events Music Events Performing Arts Sports Events Movies Locations Bars  Clubs City Services Hotels Miscellaneous Locations Movie Theaters Museums Music Venues Restaurants Sports Locations Stores Theaters Anytime Today This Weekend Next 7 Days Opening Soon Closing Soon Anywhere in D.C. area D.C. U Street The Mall Tenleytown Takoma SW Waterfront Other Southwest Other Southeast Other Northwest Other Northeast Logan Circle Georgetown Foggy Bottom Dupont Circle Downtown Columbia Heights/Mt. Pleasant Cleveland Park/Woodley Park Chinatown Chevy Chase Capitol Hill Brookland Anacostia Adams Morgan Maryland St. Marys County Prince Georges County Montgomery County Howard County Greater Maryland Frederick County Charles County Calvert County Baltimore Anne Arundel County Virginia Prince William County Loudoun County Greater Virginia Fauquier County Fairfax County Arlington County Alexandria Kid-friendly Free admission Get ideas  I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time, DeGeneres said in a statement; she also had the job in 2007. You know what they say  the third times the charm. Known for her cheery demeanor and love of practical jokes, DeGeneres has a style that sharply contrasts with MacFarlanes often controversial frat-boy shtick. During this springs ceremony, MacFarlane described Django Unchained as the story of a man fighting to get back his woman, whos been subjected to unspeakable violence  or, as Chris Brown and Rihanna call it, a date movie. He also put on an elaborate chorus number about actresses in nude scenes, titled We Saw Your Boobs. DeGeneres also breaks the cycle of three years of headline-making host choices, starting with the unfortunate pairing in 2011 of James Franco and Anne Hathaway. The next year, producer Brett Ratner stepped down after a fury over homophobic comments he made, with his host, Eddie Murphy, abruptly quitting, as well. I think this year there really may have been a desire not to make an inflammatory choice and to let the news about the Oscars be the movies, said Mark Harris, author of Pictures at a Revolution: Five Movies and the Birth of the New Hollywood, who covers the Oscars for Grantland.com. Plus, having a female host could make up for the thrashing that MacFarlane received for his jokes about women in Hollywood (Lot of beautiful women here tonight. And for those of you who gave themselves the flu two weeks ago to get there, it paid off.), which many derided as misogynistic . I would really not underestimate the degree to which the academy took seriously the backlash to MacFarlane from women last year, Harris said. It wasnt just bloggers or journalists, it was a number of women in the industry who publicly said, I have a problem with the movie year being represented by this tone. ... [The academy] really listens to that kind of stuff. The MacFarlane-led broadcast didnt hurt for ratings despite (or perhaps because of) the controversy: About 40million people tuned in to that ceremony, in which Argo won best picture, making it the most-watched entertainment program in almost three years. When DeGeneres hosted, the same number watched The Departed take home the top prize. Given the viewers, some dont think the academy, or ABC, which broadcasts the show, would deem MacFarlane a failure. But the executives are probably eager for the comfortable but fun choice of DeGeneres, said Dave Karger, chief correspondent for Fandango, because the show can easily capitalize on her huge following on TV and Twitter. And the diversity factor is always crucial. I think the fact that you have an openly gay host this year, its really keeping with what is shaping up to be a very diverse list of potential nominees this year, said Karger, pointing to an unprecedented number of African American potential best actor nominees, including Forest Whitaker in  The Butler  and Michael B. Jordan in  Fruitvale Station . The Oscars, airing March 2 on ABC, will be produced for the second year in a row by Craig Zadan and Neil Meron (the minds behind NBCs Smash ), who will have to brainstorm new ways to make headlines with a much safer host. Its safe to say Ellen DeGeneres wont be singing, We Saw Your Boobs, Karger said. Reprints More TV content article_story TV highlights: Pretty Little Liars finale promises more questions Plus, Twisted wraps for the season, and Storage Wars: Texas returns. 1377552136000 on Facebook Twitter article_story TV highlights for Aug. 26: Season finales of The Glades, Longmire Also on tap: Below Deck and Get Out Alive With Bear Grylls ends their seasons. 1377489660000 on Facebook Twitter article_story TV highlights: MTV Video Music Awards Justin Timberlake, along with Macklemore  Ryan Lewis, are tied for the most nominations (six). 1377297467000 on Facebook Twitter article_story Lew Wood, television journalist and Today anchor, dies Mr. Wood marched with Martin Luther King Jr. and covered John F. Kennedys assassination. 1377291557000 on Facebook Twitter BlogStory Commemorating the March on Washington: Where to watch on TV All networks have programming leading up to the anniversary next week. 1377281533000 on Facebook Twitter BlogStory Stamp of approval: Noel Wells might be joining SNL Here we are again, all talking about Saturday Night Live like it's 1999. 1377277154000 on Facebook Twitter BlogStory Kanye West reveals baby photo of North on Kris Jenner's talk show "How cute is that gorgeous baby!" Kris gushed, before declaring that she has Kim's eyes and Kanye's cheeks. 1377274511000 on Facebook Twitter article_story TV highlights: March on Washington programming begins Plus, a piece on 20/20 about rampant hit-and-runs in Los Angeles. 1377211856000 on Facebook Twitter article_story TV highlights for Aug. 22: Ghost Shark original movie on Syfy TBSs Sullivan  Son wraps up Season 2, and contestants compete for $50,000 on ABCs Wipeout. 1377123720000 on Facebook Twitter article_story TV highlights: Royal Pains, Top Chef Masters Plus, four more acts advance to the next round on Americas Got Talent. 1377031980000 on Facebook Twitter BlogStory Justin Timberlake and *NSync set to join list of performers at MTV's VMAs The boy band is said to be reuniting for the first time in 10 years for Sunday's live show. 1377013569000 on Facebook Twitter article_story TV highlights for Aug. 20: Al Jazeera America launches A mom deals with guilt from the death of her daughter on ABCs Extreme Weight Loss. 1376947770000 on Facebook Twitter BlogStory ATTN: Prince Will speaks for the first time since the birth of his son Prince William dishes on nappies and car seats. 1376925672000 on Facebook Twitter BlogStory Lindsay Lohan speaks with Oprah about jail, rehab, acting Lindsay Lohan sat down with Oprah Sunday night on Oprah's Next Chapter. 1376924046000 on Facebook Twitter Show more Discussion Policy | FAQ | About Discussions Loading... Comments Add your comment  Read what others are saying About Badges  SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker . More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments , as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments , as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Obscene Duplicate [if IE 7]>.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .more {position:relative;margin-left:-220px;}.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .morebottom { height:110px; position:relative; top:10px; z-index:998;}.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .morebottom .left,.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .morebottom .right {z-index:999;height:110px;}.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .morebottom ul li {width:100px;}.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .arrow-one,.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .arrow-two {position:absolute;z-index:999;left:229px;}.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .arrow-one {top:9px;}.comment-share-info #newsharebar li .arrow-two {top:11px;}