 rss feeds  Log In | Register  | SourceDirect | Ad Rates | Contact Us Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Last Update 10:57pm  Front Page News Local news Local government Police Elections 2012 Local sports Technology Answer Desk Visitors Center Accommodations Dining Out Transportation Attractions Beaches Marine Scene Shopping Rental Villas Business St. Croix business St. John business St. Thomas business Island directory Real estate Links Community Deaths National Park People Environment Calendar Organizations Schools Services Data Miscellaneous Arts / Entertainment Things to do Movies Music Showcase Legal Notices Invitations for Bids Marshal's Sales Notices of Public Hearing Notices of Public Review Notices to Creditors Requests for Proposals Miscellaneous Notices Opinion Editorial Op-ed Open forum Blogs Forums Politics Sports St. Croix General discussion St. John General discussion St. Thomas General discussion Lifestyles Advice Health-Fitness Home-Garden Food and Wine Religion Other stuff Classifieds Arts / Entertainment St. John St. Thomas St. Croix Things to do Movies Music Showcase  GOVERNMENT  POLICE NEWS Two Men Shot in Separate Incidents Two separate shootings, one on St. Croix and one on St. Thomas, at about the same time Monday morning left Video Galleries Reichhold Center for the Arts Announces Season  more Image Galleries Flying with the Hurricane Hunters Four WC-130J aircraft sit on the tarmac at the Henry E. Rohlsen Airport on St. Croix, where the Hurricane Hunters have their forward operating base. Credit: Justin Shatwell more Recent Forum Topics The Late Hovensa Deal WAPA Mega-house violations more Audio Galleries Governors Address on V.I. Economy On Wednesday, June 5, Gov. John deJongh Jr. presented a radio address outlining the economic problems facing the territory and proposing legislation to deal with it. more    Currently: CALENDARS ‹ August › S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31  GOVERNMENT CALENDAR ARTS/ENTERTAINMENT CALENDAR COMMUNITY CALENDAR Source Picks Man Robbed and Vehicle Stolen Police are looking for two men, at least one of them armed, who stole a man's car and cell phone very early Saturday inGallows Bay. The car is a white Honda Civic with the license plate number CEI 001. READ ENTIRE ARTICLE 2013-08-24 23:49:45 Wave Paver Runs Away with USVI Atlantic Blue Marlin Tournament After getting shut out Tuesday, the crew of Florida-based Wave Paver came roaring back to capture the title in the prestigious tournament, and winning their skipper Jr. Davis the Top Angler award. READ ENTIRE ARTICLE 2013-08-23 00:51:35 Short of Announcing Candidacy, Francis Opens Campaign Headquarters While not officially announcing his candidacy, Lt. Gov. Gregory Francis left no doubt that he intends to run for governor in the 2014 elections at a gathering to open and bless his campaign headquarters. READ ENTIRE ARTICLE 2013-08-23 00:23:49  Arts/Entertainment - Movies  St. Croix Now Playing: “R.I.P.D.” and “The Conjuring” The following movies will be playing at Sunny Isle Theater on St. Croix. Read entire article Aug 21 2013 - 3:52pm Aruba International Film Festival Accepting Entries for Caribbean Spotlight Series The third annual Aruba International Film Festival (AIFF) has begun accepting submissions for its 2012 Caribbean Spotlight Series competition. Read entire article Apr 17 2012 - 8:02pm Precious Winning Over Crowds and Critics Alike Part of the great power of movies is that they can take us perilously close to the life of someone we might otherwise feel perilously far from, say Owen Gleiberman in EW.com, speaking of Precious, the title character in Precious: Based on the Novel 'Push' by Sapphire. Read entire article Dec 31 2009 - 8:54pm This Is It Offers Final Glimpse of Jackson Unless you've just crawled out from a mine shaft, you know that Michael Jackson died mysteriously June 25. But, all is not lost: we already have a documentary of the rehearsals for what would have been his comeback tour. Read entire article Oct 28 2009 - 7:13pm Documentary on Puerto Rican Migration Playing on St. Croix Sunny Isles Theater will showcase award-winning St. Croix filmmaker Johanna Bermdez-Ruiz's documentary Sugar Pathways starting Thursday as part of this month's Hispanic Heritage Month and Virgin Islands-Puerto Rico Friendship celebrations. Read entire article Oct 13 2009 - 12:51am Is Tarantinos Latest Big, Bold Or Appalling? Never an auteur of modest ambitions, in Inglourious Basterds director Quentin Tarantino takes on World War II, provoking one critic to label it Pulp War Fiction. The critics are all over the map. Read entire article Aug 20 2009 - 9:15pm State of Play Riveting State of the Art Political Thriller At a time when the fate of print newspapers is in imminent peril, State of Play, shows what a crack investigative journalist can do in what critics are calling a riveting state of the art political film, exciting and twisty. Read entire article Apr 16 2009 - 7:36pm Documentary Film to Have Its Premiere at Government House Cane Bay Films LLC will hold the World Premiere of the feature-length documentary film Sugar Pathways by writer, producer, director and native U.S. Virgin Islander Johanna Bermdez-Ruiz. Read entire article Mar 20 2009 - 12:09pm UVI to Host Free Screenings of The Black Candle: A Kwanzaa Celebration Virgin Islanders can learn how to use the seven principles of Kwanzaa 365 days a year. The V.I. premiere of the film The Black Candle: A Kwanzaa Celebration will be held Nov. 15, on St. Croix. Read entire article Nov 11 2008 - 12:36pm Virgin Islands Energy Office Reschedules Movie Dimming the Sun Do Virgin Islanders really need to worry about global warming? Were Al Gores predictions in An Inconvenient Truth too sensational? You can find some answers by watching the film The Dimming of the Sun, now scheduled for Nov. 7. Read entire article Oct 15 2008 - 8:01pm 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » SPONSORED LINKS Visitors Center ST. CROIX TAXI RATES PART 1 ST. CROIX TAXI RATES PART 2 St. Croix Restaurant Guide - 2011 Lifestyles St. Croix Sportsman Center Promotes Back-to-School Fitness Interfaith Coalition Presents “Beasts of the Southern Wild” Local Islamic Community Observes Ramadan Opinion The V.I. Answer Desk Some Observations on Hovensa Asking for Flexibility Doesn’t Mean Education is Lowering its Standards Business SBA Conducts Free Workshop for Small Businesses VIEDA Official Leads V.I. Giftware Manufacturers to Canadian Gift Show WSVI TV Addressing Technical Issues Beyond Its Control Community St. Croix Clubs and Organizations Directory St. Croix District Announces Orientation Schedule for New School Year Rotary Club Speakers Talk on Housing for Seniors Local sports Wave Paver Runs Away with USVI Atlantic Blue Marlin Tournament Wave Paver Clings to Lead in U.S.V.I Blue Marlin Tournament USVI Soccer Under-17 Womens Team Qualifies for Caribbean Football Finals Local government This Weeks Senate Calendar Early Payment Discount for 2012 Property Taxes Ends August 30 FYI: Governor Mourns Death of Robert L. Merwin Arts/Entertainment WTJX PBS Highlights for the Week, August 19 -- 25 The Bookworm: A Womans Difficult Journey in Gloria Now Playing: “R.I.P.D.” and “The Conjuring” News | Community | Arts/Entertainment | Opinion | Forums | Lifestyles | Vistiors Center | Calendars | Classifieds | Polls | Image Galleries | Audio Galleries | Government  Community Data | Search | RSS | Contact Us | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright  V.I. Source Publications, Inc.  