  GA_googleFillSlot("Entertainment_Leaderboard"); Follow Us      Wehaa Demo Site     Article Archive   Contact Us | Home News Editorial Blogs Entertainment Classifieds Special Sections Obituaries Community Galleries About Current Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Local NEWS Election NEWS Campus NEWS Regional NEWS National NEWS Sports NEWS Feature Columns Letters Reader\'s Forum Athens Voice Wearing Thin Commentary Endorsements Because I Said So! Editors Blog The Vegetable Bud Moral Hazard Richland Avenue Shuffler Arts & Entertainment Events Engine Submit an Event Arts Calendar View Ads Place Ad Log-in ACBDD Accent on Business Best of Athens Bridal Guide Good Health Farm to Fork Habitat for Humanity Halloween in Athens Annual Humor Issue My Sisters Place New Student Guide Reflections of the Past Nelsonville Music Fest Rental Guide Spotlight on KIDS Tax Guide Women in Athens County Athens Map Announcements Submit Announcement Visitors Guide Annual Manual Contact Us About the NEWS Advertise With Us Job Openings  Find Local Events (pick a date) Show me: All Today Tomorrow This Weekend This Week Next Week Athens Community Music Festival CLICK ON IMAGES TO VIEW THE GALLERY 1 2 3 4     Home  Articles  Entertainment  Arts and Entertainment   translate to:     Top Articles from Arts and Entertainment Spring Arts Calendar 2011 July 4th events in Athens, Nelsonville 2010 Fall Arts Calendar Latest Spring Temptation Bar Videos Updated: Nelsonville Music Fest releases 2012 lineup Spring Arts Calendar 2012 What's happening Would you buy a used memoir from this man? Pot legalization the focus of Meigs festival What's Happening Sloopy from song fame hung on at OU for a year Fur Peace releases 2013 lineup Concert: 'Get well soon, J.D.' Band needs local support for big national win OU prof's novel captures a time, a place and its voices Updated: Nelsonville Music Fest releases 2012 lineup DUNE has multiple local roots Unhinged assassins at center of OU production Pot legalization the focus of Meigs festival Donkey show to offer three-course musical buffet Sunday, August 25,2013 Arts and Entertainment Bounty event made it a fruitful summer for local food and charity  The first-ever Athens Bounty on the Bricks Aug. 10 raised a total of $75,000 in future grants to assist food banks in southeast Ohio, according to Susan Urano, director of the Athens Foundation. Sunday, August 25,2013 Arts and Entertainment OU student radio station to be featured on mtvU By Elizabeth Cychosz This week student radio station ACRN will be heard throughout thenation thanks to an opportunity through mtvU. Wednesday, August 14,2013 Arts and Entertainment Leader of 80s garage-pop heroes plays Donkey While you may never have heard ofsinger/songwriter Bill Fox, who's playing Donkey Coffee Saturday, in somecircles he's held in something close to reverence. He's been referred to atleast once, in fact, as one of America's greatest contemporary songwriters. Wednesday, August 14,2013 Arts and Entertainment Asheville chicks playing Casa Friday Anup-and-coming folk and bluegrass band is playing Casa Cantina Friday night, freshoff playing a series of well-received gigs in Montana. Sunday, August 11,2013 Arts and Entertainment Athens Music Fest goes off harmonically  Local music fans'cup ranneth over Saturday night during the Athens Community Musical Festival,with more than 30 acts playing at six local music venues. (Check out our photo gallery .) Wednesday, August 7,2013 Arts and Entertainment Bands all over town raising fest ruckus Ifyou've ever attended the South by Southwest music conference in Austin, Texas,you're probably aware of that pre-eminent international music event's one majorflaw: It's too damn big. Wednesday, July 31,2013 Arts and Entertainment Upcoming Bounty on the Bricks joins forces with Zero Waste effort Inpartnership with Rural Action, the Appalachia Ohio Zero Waste Initiative andthe Compost Exchange, Bounty on the Bricks is taking steps to not only reducehunger, but to wipe out waste, too. Wednesday, July 31,2013 Arts and Entertainment Mozart gets special local treatment next week An intensive one-week chamber music festival inspired by the spirit ofWolfgang Amadeus Mozart and the beautiful surroun dingsof Athens takes place at various venues in Athens from Monday, Aug. 5 through Saturday,Aug. 10, according to a news release. Wednesday, July 31,2013 Arts and Entertainment Stars will shine during 13 Night With Legends show Stuart's Opera House this Saturday hosts the annual A Night With the Legends show. This popular annual show, which begins at 7 p.m., features Athens and Nelsonville area celebrities playing tribute to some of music's biggest stars with performances on the Stuart's stage, all to raise money for the Opera House. Friday, July 26,2013 Arts and Entertainment Holiday Faire decorates July at Fur Peace Arts and crafts fair on Saturday After years of holding an art show during the winter holiday season, the Fur Peace Ranch is holding the Fur Peace Ranch Holiday Faire: Christmas in July this Saturday, July 27, with local jewelers, potters, painters and crafts-persons showing and selling their arts and crafts.  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next   GA_googleFillSlot("ROS_scoreboard2"); Home null News Editorial Entertainment Classifieds Special Sections Obituaries Community Multimedia About Us  1977-2013 The Athens NEWS. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy  var gaJsHost = (("https:" == document.location.protocol) ? "https://ssl." : "http://www."); document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='" + gaJsHost + "google-analytics.com/ga.js' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E")); try { var pageTracker = _gat._getTracker(""); pageTracker._trackPageview(); } catch(err) {} _uacct = "UA-3522013-1"; urchinTracker();  Close Close Close 