  Crossover Auto Transport  Crossover Auto Transport 8910 Miramar Parkway, Suite 203 Hollywood, Florida, FL, 33025 Available Licenses ICC MC # 458725 Get Free Moving Quotes / Rates Experience With Crossover Auto Transport Read reviews about Crossover Auto Transport Posted by: Wanda Baker - 11/30/2007 Subject: Disappointed in Transport Company I chose Crossover Transport to move my automobile from Eureka CA to Fort Worth TX . The cost $700.00. The initial fee was $155.00 which I paid with a credit card. The contract states only $50.00 will be refunded if you cancel prior to being assigned to a carrier. On November 2 I advised I wanted my car picked up November 15. The representative said they have 8 business days to get me a carrier. Well, when they had no carrier November 28 I cancelled the order. They have a good rating with BBB which is one reason I picked them. But apparently they have some problems. I will be refunded only $50.00 of the $155.00 as the contract says but I would never recommend them. I have learned quite a lot after this transaction. Company Response Crossover Auto Transport Crossover Auto Transport INC. is dedicated to offering a reliable, affordable, nationwide vehicle shipping service. We recognize that your vehicle is one of your most prized possessions and an item of value to be respected at all times. Our sales professionals are available to answer all of your questions thoroughly. Our extensive network of over 5000 reputable carriers, who are properly licensed and insured, will guarantee your peace of mind and transport your vehicle in the most professional, safe, efficient, and expeditious manner. We offer door-to-door transports, 1 to 8 business days pickup windows, fully-insured and timely shipping, open or enclosed shipping, and multiple vehicles discounts. We are licensed, bonded and insured: MC#458725. Why should I use Crossover Auto Transport? As a proud member of the Better Business Bureau, we recognize that your vehicle is one of your most prized possessions and an item of value to be respected at all times. We understand that your vehicle is an integral part of your life and the time it is unavailable to you must be minimized. Our sales professionals are available to answer all of your questions thoroughly. Our extensive network of over 1000 reputable carriers, who are properly licensed and insured, will guarantee your peace of mind and transport your vehicle in the most professional, safe, efficient, and expeditious manner possible. Will my vehicle be insured? Your car will be insured against in transit damage by the transport truck that we assign. These trucks carry $750,000 to $1,000,000 in liability insurance and $100,000 to $250,000 in cargo insurance, depending on the size and type of their equipment. Any insurance deductible is paid by the truck. How exactly is my car transported? Our transportation service is extremely simple. On the scheduled day for shipping your vehicle, the carrier truck will come to your door to pick it up. Once your vehicle is carefully loaded and secured in place on the truck, an experienced professional driver will transport it and several other vehicles to their destinations. Along the way, vehicles will be off-loaded at their respective destinations and new vehicles loaded. At your destination, your vehicle will be carefully off-loaded at your door. At that time we ask that you, or your designated representative, inspect the vehicle and accept delivery. Overall, it is simple, safe, and virtually effortless. What is Door-to-Door Service? Door-to-Door means the driver will get as close to your door as he can legally and safely get. Many cities have restrictions on large trucks that prohibit them from driving into some residential areas. Transport trucks are enormous and need lots of room to maneuver and turn around, so if access to your home is restricted by narrow streets, low-hanging trees, speed bumps or tight turns, the driver may ask that you meet the truck at a large parking lot nearby such as a grocery store. Can I pack items in the trunk of my car? Federal and state Department of Transportation (DOT) regulations prohibit thetransport of personal goods in vehicles being transported by auto carriers. CrossoverAuto Transport and carrier truck drivers can not assume responsibility for theseitems and they are not covered by the transporter's insurance. What is the pickup window? Our pickup window is normally 1 to 8 business days. This means that we will need 1 to 8 business days starting from your first available day to schedule your transport with a reputable, fully-insured, dependable carrier.  123 Movers Quick Quote Engine Tell us what you need and we'll bring you free quotes I'm looking for Moving Companies Auto Transport Overseas Move Storage Are you moving in state or out of state? In State Out of State Zip Code You're Moving From Storage Search by ZipCode  Advertise on this site HOLLYWOOD, FL Moving Quotes Search for Licensed Moving Companies in HOLLYWOOD, FL. Get Multiple Free Quotes and save on your relocation.  FL Moving Companies Get Multiple Free Moving Quotes from Licensed & Pre-Screened Florida Moving Companies Save Time & Cost.  Links: Long Distance Moving Companies | International Moving Companies | Local Movers | Auto Transport Companies Partners: Advertise with Us | Partner with Us | Advertiser log-in | Partner log-in Company Info: About Us | Customer Service | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Advertising User Agreement | Site Map  2013 Dominion Enterprises. All Rights Reserved. 