 Skip to main Skip to content Skip to menu Expat Focus   Search (Extended Text):  Search  login Username: join Password: login Lost your Password or Username?  Register today and get the Expat Focus Guide to Moving Abroad FREE! or login Original menu Countries Moving Free Moving Abroad Guide International Movers Financial Expat Insurance Currency Transfers US Citizens Abroad Expats in the USA Expat Bank Accounts UK Taxation US Taxation France Mortgages Financial Articles Forums Property Jobs Experiences Columnists Newsletter More Articles Interviews Expat Books Expat Blogs Advertising  Sponsored Links  Your Account Username Password Forgotten password/username? Membership: New Today: 16 New Yesterday: 21 Overall: 67403 Visitors: 139  Get Email Updates Notify me when new content is added Email address Send me notifications related to: Andorra Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Australia Austria Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kuwait Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Mexico Monaco Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore Slovakia South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Turkey UAE UK USA Venezuela Vietnam COMPARE EXPAT QUOTES  Financial Advice and Services Expert advice from professionals you can trust   FINANCIAL ARTICLES Tom Zachystal: Why Is My US Brokerage Firm Closing My Account? Tom Zachystal: Expat Investment Forecast 2013 Tom Zachystal: Fiscal Cliff and FATCA – What Do They Mean For US Expat Investors? Sharon Hill: Top Three Differences between Mortgages in France and the UK Marian Wellman: Beyond 1040 - What Else Do American Expats Have to Report With Their Taxes? Tom Zachystal: Expat Income Alternatives for a Low Interest Rate World Interview with Foreign Exchange Specialist Simon Hilton Read more financial articles...  @ExpatFocus on Twitter Tweets by @ExpatFocus Back to top Skip to content Skip to menu Buying or Selling a Car Home France Buying or Selling a Car Back to top Back to main Skip to menu France - Buying or Selling a Car Home  Country Guides  France In order to be able to buy or sell a car in France you need to have what is known as the ‘carte grise’ – the grey card – or the ‘certificat d’immatriculation’, which is another term for the registration documentation. If you do not have this documentation you cannot legally sell a car and you should never buy one if the owner cannot produce this information. This registration document will contain the vehicle registration number, details of the owner, details of the vehicle and confirm that it complies with European standards. Each document is individual to the owner. If you buy or sell a car you should be aware that you only have one month in which to send the relevant paperwork to the prefecture for the documentation to be transferred to the new owner. You need to be able to produce this information when it is asked for so you should keep it in the car at all times. If you are selling a used car then the procedure is fairly straightforward. The documentation that you need can be downloaded from the website of the prefecture and completed by hand if you prefer. You must pass on to the buyer the ‘certificat d’immatriculation barrée’, which is the registration documentation with the date of sale added by the seller. You must also give them the ‘certificat de situation administrative’ which confirms that there has been no loan taken out against the vehicle. You should also give them the ‘déclaration de cession’ which is a transfer document. The buyer has a copy of this, the seller keeps another and the final copy is given to the prefecture. The ‘contrôle technique’ is the vehicle inspection certificate and this is the final piece of documentation that should be passed on. A buyer should check that the series number which is stamped on the car matches the details which are given in the vehicle registration documents. You should also check that the person selling the car is in fact the registered owner of the vehicle. Do not take possession of the vehicle unless the seller has provided all the documentation listed above. You will then need to register the car as yours. For this you will require proof of ID, which may be your passport, a French driving licence or your ‘carte de séjour’. You will also need proof of residence which could be a utility bill that is in your name, tenancy agreement or insurance documentation relating to your home. You should have the completed ‘certificat d’immatriculation’ as provided by the seller and the other documentation. You should also ensure that you have the funds to pay the registration fee. Every prefecture is different and not all will accept a credit card or cheque so you need to verify this in advance of your visit. It is now possible to register a used car via the post or online. The new ‘certificat d’immatriculation’ has a detachable section which can be used to do this. You can register a vehicle and request the new number plates within 48 hours. Alternatively you can register the vehicle by post by sending all the paperwork to your prefecture, the fee and a stamped addressed envelope. By keeping the detachable section of the documentation you are still able to drive the vehicle. Cost varies depending upon the region and the engine size of the car. You will need to check these details with the prefecture prior to your visit or sending the paperwork. It may be that when you have purchased a new car you need to have an old one scrapped. In order to do this you must sell the car to an approved scrap merchant and they can only destroy the car when the ownership transfer has been completed. The original owner must complete the form ‘déclaration de cession’ or the ‘cession pour destruction d’un véhicule’. The date of transfer must be written on the form and you should keep the detachable part of the form. The rest of the form should be given to the scrap merchant. You send the detached part to the prefecture along with the declaration form and this must be done within 15 days. The scrap merchant must provide proof that he is in receipt of the vehicle. The registration of the vehicle is then cancelled and the car can be destroyed. French people are very fond of their own manufacturers and cars such as Citroen and Peugeot are often seen on the roads. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Expat Focus Health Insurance Partners Bupa International  At Bupa we have been helping individuals and families live longer, healthier, happier lives for over 60 years. We are trusted by expats in 190 different countries and have links with healthcare organisations throughout the world. So whether you\'re moving abroad for a change of career or a change of scene, with our international private health insurance you will always be in safe hands.  Cigna  Cigna has worked in international health insurance for more than 30 years. Today, Cigna has over 71 million customer relationships around the world. Looking after them is an international workforce of 31,000 people, plus a network of over 1 million hospitals, physicians, clinics and health and wellness specialists worldwide, meaning you have easy access to treatment.  Clements Worldwide  Our International Health Insurance program offers you unparalleled medical benefits around the world and is specifically designed for individuals living outside of their home country on temporary or permanent assignment.  Integra Global  Integra Global believes that comprehensive expatriate health insurance cover should be just that: comprehensive in scope. No bad surprises when you need them the least but rather a quality group or individual international health insurance plan that stays with you through thick and thin. Back to top  ESSENTIAL INFORMATION Guide to Moving Abroad Country Guides City Guides COMMUNITY Forums Columnists Expat Experiences Expat Blogs Expat Groups Interviews Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Group FINANCIAL ADVICE/SERVICES Expat Insurance Get Insurance Quote Currency Transfers US Citizens Abroad Expats in the USA Expat Bank Accounts UK Taxation US Taxation French Mortgages Financial Articles PROPERTY Property Listings International Moving Quotes Estate Agents - List Your Properties USEFUL RESOURCES Get a Moving Quote Newsletter Articles Expat Books Job Listings Links EXPAT FOCUS About Site Map News Blog Contact Us Advertising Overview Buy Advertising Now Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Use/Privacy Policy available here . Comments are property of their posters, remainder Copyright  2000-2013 Expat Focus. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Blog NewsFeed LinkedIn YouTube  Interactive software released under GNU GPL , Code Credits , Privacy Policy Back to top Back to main Back to content 