 skip to page content skip to section navigation  Connect2U | Directions | Directory | Contact Us Prospective Students Undergraduate-Full-time Undergraduate-Part-time Summer Courses Graduate/Doctoral College of Pharmacy Law-J.D. Program Law-LL.M. Programs College of Arts and Sciences College of Business College of Engineering Facts and Figures Professional Development Off-Campus Programs Athletics more > Current Students Student Administrative Services Kodiak Connect2U Student Affairs D'Amour Library Commencement Calendar Academic Scheduling ASAP - Student Information Student Activities CareerCenter Athletics more > Parents Undergraduate Admissions Virtual Tour Athletics Commencement Publications Calendar For Parents Student Affairs Residence Life Public Safety more > Alumni University Alumni Alumni Online Community Alumni Association Benefits and Services Events Alumni Publications Giving Law Alumni Athletics more > Quick Links Site Index A-Z News D'Amour Library Law Library Kodiak Public Safety Academic Scheduling -- Course Schedules Catalogue Strategic Plan Commencement Giving ASAP - Student Information Student Administrative Services -- Financial aid & Registrar -- Billing/Bursar Connect2U Student Activities Student Affairs Health Services Student Disability Services First Year Program Law and Business Center Career Center Human Resources E-Stub Technology Outlook Web App A-Z Index Home > College of Business > Arts and Entertainment Management Curriculum  WELCOME Mission Statement Accreditation Strategic Plan Dean's Message HONORS PROGRAM UNDERGRADUATE MAJORS/PROGRAMS Accounting Arts and Entertainment Management Business Information Systems Entrepreneurship Finance General Business International Business Management and Leadership Marketing Marketing Communication/ Advertising Online BBA Pharmaceutical Business Sport Management 3 + 3 Law Five-Year Bachelor/MBA Five-Year Bachelor/MSA Requirements Minors and Certificates SAP Software Expertise GRADUATE PROGRAMS MBA Program Early Career MBA JD/MBA Program MSEM/MBA Program MSA Program PharmD/MBA LAW AND BUSINESS CENTER CATALOGUE COURSE SCHEDULES BUSINESS NEWS FACULTY ALUMNI STUDENT ORGANIZATIONS INTERNSHIPS INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS PROGRAMS International Business Breakfast STUDY ABROAD BUSINESS Sophomore Experience Abroad (SEA) GLOBAL SCHOLARS PROGRAM CENTER FOR INTERNATIONAL SPORT BUSINESS Events and Speaker Series Advisory Board CISB News CISB Photo Gallery Seminar Abroad 2008: Beijing Olympics Seminar Abroad 2010: FIFA World Cup/South Africa Seminar Abroad 2012: The London Olympic Games ENTREPRENEURSHIP LEADERSHIP CODE OF CONDUCT WRITING STANDARDS TAX INSTITUTE Arts and Entertainment Management Curriculum General Information The Arts and Entertainment Management major emphasizes the business side of this creative industry. Students majoring in Arts and Entertainment Management engage in a course of academic study that prepares them for a management career in creative and cultural organizations. The Arts and Entertainment Management major appreciates the unique blend of creative aesthetics and business sensibilities requisite to success in this industry and is able to mobilize resources to meet the mission, goals, and objectives of both the arts or entertainment organization and its stakeholders. The Arts and Entertainment Management program provides opportunities for students to develop the knowledge and skills they need to manage in for-profit or non-profit creative and cultural environments. Students are provided with industry-based learning opportunities and are actively involved in industry-based projects both in the classroom and beyond. Career Preparation In order to help students understand careers available to Arts and Entertainment Management majors, faculty in the Department of Management have designed activities to guide students from career exploration through career implementation. Examples of some of these include: a) Career Exploration in the freshman year is accomplished through a speaker series. b) Career Investigation in the sophomore year includes classroom assignments in AEM 250 (Managing AE Organizations) that look at opportunities in arts and entertainment industry segments. c) Career Determination in the junior year is accomplished using projects in AEM 350 (AE Practicum). d) Career Implementation in the senior year is addressed through instruction in networking and arts and entertainment job search skills in AEM 465 (AE Seminar) combined with internships and field experiences. Career Opportunities The Arts and Entertainment Management graduate will be prepared to assume positions of responsibility in a wide variety of arts and entertainment organizations in the private and public sectors. Graduates may work in the following settings: arts festivals, arts foundations, art galleries and historical museums, community arts centers or community theaters, dance companies, educational institutions, film and television companies, opera companies, orchestra companies, regional theaters, television stations. Program Learning Goals Having completed a major in Arts and Entertainment Management, the student will have the ability to: 1. Apply managerial competencies to arts and entertainment organizations. 2. Understand internal and external factors that shape arts and entertainment in a culture. 3. Achieve competency in arts and entertainment marketing including fundamental aspects of arts and entertainment products, markets, consumer research, sponsorship, and promotion. 4. Achieve competency in arts and entertainment finance including key elements of budgeting, accounting, public/private financing, and revenue development. 5. Achieve competency in legal aspects of arts and entertainment including state/federal legislation, liability, risk management, contracts, intellectual property, and collective bargaining. 6. Achieve competency in the economics of arts and entertainment including fundamental concepts of supply and demand, economic forecasting, and economic impact assessment. 7. Understand the governance and regulation of arts and entertainment organizations. 8. Understand the key elements of ethical behavior in arts and entertainment organizations including consideration of both personal and professional ethical systems in arts and entertainment organization management. Practicum, Internship, and Non-Profit Board Field Experience Options Students majoring in Arts and Entertainment Management are afforded three different kinds of opportunities to apply their classroom learning to field experiences. All Arts and Entertainment Management majors complete a three-credit Practicum course that provides students with the opportunity to plan, organize, and lead various elements of on-campus arts or entertainment-related programming. This may include productions of the Stageless Players, exhibitions at the campus Arts Gallery, or similar. Students gain hands-on experience in project management, event operations, personnel management, promotion, and communications while working directly under the supervision of Western New England University staff. The course combines classroom instruction with on-campus arts or entertainment experience. Arts and Entertainment Management majors who meet the Universitys academic requirements for internships (junior standing and grade point average of 2.5 or above overall and in the major) are eligible for the three-credit Internship in Arts and Entertainment Management. Arts and Entertainment Management majors with a grade point average of 3.0 and above are eligible to apply for the Non-profit Board Field Experience program. The Non-profit Board Field Experience is a two-semester activity designed to provide outstanding business students with exposure to the types of decisions made by boards of directors in non-profit organizations. Placement for Arts and Entertainment Management majors is with non-profit arts or entertainment organizations. Course of Study 1. Core Requirements for All Business Majors and General College Requirements (80 credit hours) See p. 42. plus  2. Required Arts and Entertainment Management, Management, and Business Law Courses (21 credit hours) AEM 250 Managing Arts and Entertainment Organizations BL 350 Business Law for Arts and Entertainment Management MAN 201 Interpersonal Skills for Leading MAN 323 Human Resource Management AEM 350 Arts  Entertainment Practicum AEM 355 Arts  Entertainment Venue Operations AEM 465 Seminar in Arts and Entertainment Management plus  3. Other required courses (3 credit hours) EC 350 Economics of Arts  Entertainment plus  4. Electives (15 credit hours) AEM 480 Internship (3 cr.)  or  Business Elective (3 cr.) Business Elective (3 cr.) Non-Business Electives (9 cr.)* *Students who wish to specialize in Music, Television/Film, Theater, or Visual Arts should consult with their advisor in order to allocate non-business electives appropriately. Total credit hours required for graduation  122. Students must take 33 credit hours of course work in 300-400 level courses. All students must take 12 hours of upper level (300-400) courses in their major at Western New England University. Non-Business electives must be selected in such a way to ensure that all perspectives of understanding requirements have been satisfied. Courses to be included in computing the 2.0 minimum average in the major are as follows: All AEM and BL courses, MAN 201 and 323, EC 350, and BUS 450. For a complete listing of course descriptions, please see the University Catalogue . Suggested Sequence of Courses Freshman Year Fall Semester BUS 101 First Year Seminar (GCR/BUSR) 3 ENGL 132 English Composition I (GCR) 3 MATH 111 Analysis for Business and Economics I (GCR/BUSR)  or  MATH 123 Calculus I for Management, Life and Social Sciences (GCR/BUSR) 3 HIST xxx Historical Perspective (GCR) 3 MAN 101 Management and Organizational Behavior (BUSR)  or  BIS 102 Problem Solving with Business Tools (BUSR) 3 PEHR 151 Personal Health and Wellness (GCR) 1 Spring Semester ENGL 133 English Composition II(GCR) 3 MATH 112 Analysis for Business and Economics II (GCR/BUSR)  or  MATH 124 Calculus I for Management, Life and Social Sciences (GCR/BUSR) 3 COMM 100 Principles of Communication (BUSR) 3 MAN 101 Management and Organizational Behavior (BUSR)  or  BIS 102 Problem Solving with Business Tools (BUSR) 3 PSY 101 Introduction to Psychology (BUSR)  or  SO 101 Introduction to Sociology (BUSR) 3 PEHR 153-159 Lifetime Activity Series (GCR) 1 Sophomore Year Fall Semester AC 201 Financial Reporting (BUSR) 3 MK 200 Principles of Marketing (BUSR) 3 BIS 202 Introduction to Business Information Systems (BUSR) 3 EC 111 Principles of Economics I (BUSR) 3 AEM 250 Managing Arts and Entertainment Organizations (MR) 3 Spring Semester AC 202 Managerial Accounting (BUSR) 3 BIS 220 Introduction to Business Statistics (BUSR) 3 FIN 214 Introduction to Finance (BUSR) 3 EC 112 Principles of Economics II (BUSR) 3 BL 350 Business Law for Arts and Entertainment Management (BUSR) 3 LBC 2 xx Learning Beyond the Classroom Junior Year Fall Semester BUS 301 Managing the Established Enterprise (BUSR) 3 MAN 201 Interpersonal Skills for Leading 3 NBEL xxx Non-Business Elective (BUSR) 3 MAN 240 Business and Society (preferred for Arts and Entertainment Management majors)  or  PH 211 Business Ethics (BUSR) 3 LAB xxx Natural Science Perspective (GCR) 3 Spring Semester NBEL xxx Non-Business Elective (BUSR) 3 MAN 323 Human Resource Management (MR) 3 AEM 350 Arts  Entertainment Practicum (MR) 3 CUL xxx Elements of Culture Requirement (GCR) 3 ILP xxx Integrated Liberal and Professional Perspective (GCR) 3 Senior Year Fall Semester BL 308 Labor Management Relations (MR) 3 BIS 310 Quality and Operations Management (BUSR) 3 AEM 355 Arts  Entertainment Venue Operations (MR) 3 NBEL xxx Non-Business Elective (BUSR) 3 LAB/NSP xxx Natural Science Perspective (GCR) 3 Spring Semester BUS 450 Business Strategy (BUSR) 3 EC 350 Economics of Arts and Entertainment (BUSR/MR) 3 NBEL xxx Non-Business Elective (BUSR) 3 AEM 465 Seminar in Arts and Entertainment Management (MR) 3 AEM 480 Arts and Entertainment Management Internship (MR)  or  BUS xxx Business Elective (MR) 3 LBC 4xx Learning Beyond the Classroom Specialization Arts and Entertainment Management students may elect to specialize in one of four areas by completing 12 credit hours of non-business elective courses in Music, Television/Film, Theater, or Visual Arts. While the scheduling of particular courses remains the purview of the listing department in The College of Arts and Sciences, potential specialization courses include: Music MUS 101 Music Appreciation MUS 102 The Art of Singing MUS 110 Beginning Guitar MUS 120 American Popular Music MUS 141-142 College Singers MUS 151-152 Campus Chorus MUS 161-162 Pep Band MUS 181-182 Concert Band MUS 190 Special Topics in Music MUS 201 Basic Music Theory  Composition MUS 210 Intermediate Guitar MUS 221 Curtain Up! American Musical Theater MUS 230 The Music of Social Protest MUS 240 World Music MUS 250-251 CMSS Individualized Music Instrument Instruction MUS 290 Special Topics in Music MUS 331 Rock  Roll: 1950-1990 MUS 390 Special Topics in Music Television/Film COMM 205 Mass Communication COMM 241 Video Production I COMM 250 Video Production II COMM 251 TV Broadcasting COMM 352 TV Broadcasting II ENGL 303 Introduction to Screenwriting FILM 210 Mass Media in Film FILM 320 Introduction to Cinema Production FILM 321 Introduction to Screenwriting Theater THTR 101 Acting I THTR 110 Theater Appreciation THTR 151-152 Stageless Players THTR 201 Acting II THTR 220 Improvisational Comedy I THTR 221 Improvisational Comedy II THTR 290 Special Topics in Theater THTR 390 Special Topics in Theater Visual Arts ART 101 Art Appreciation ART 105 Drawing I ART 116 Life Painting with Volumes of Color ART 118 Introduction to Jewelry Making ART 120 Art of Hand Papermaking I ART 201 Survey of Western Art I ART 202 Survey of Western Art II ART 212 London through the Ages ART 215 Intermediate Drawing ART 218 Paper as Fiber Art ART 220 Art of Hand Papermaking II ART 225 Impressionism ART 230 Islamic Art  Architecture ART 240 2-D Art ART 250 3-D Art ART 290 Special Topics in Art Inside Arts and Entertainment Management Catalogue Faculty Fields: Arts festivals, arts foundations, art galleries and historical museums, community arts centers or community theaters, dance companies, educational institutions, film and television companies, opera companies, orchestra companies, regional theaters, television stations. Outlook: According to the U.S. Department of Labor Occupational Outlook Handbook, 2010-2011, "Almost all arts administrators have completed four years of college, and the majority possess a master's or a doctoral degree. Experience in marketing and business is helpful because promoting events is a large part of the job...Wage and salary jobs in arts, entertainment, and recreation are projected to grow about 15 percent over the 2008-18 period, compared with 11 percent for all industries combined. Rising incomes, leisure time, and awareness of the health benefits of physical fitness will increase the demand for arts, entertainment, and recreation services." Opportunities: Graduates of the Arts and Entertainment Management major are prepared to assume positions of responsibility in a wide variety of arts and entertainment organizations in the private and public sectors. Directions | Site Information 