 Skip to main content  AE News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤  Leisure  Autos  Motorcycles  Car  Truck Enthusiasts Auto Pop Culture: Graffiti artist Banksy hits Motor City to tag Packard auto plant -- his message? Comment Share Share Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Googleplus Google+ Email Email Print Print  Kae Davis Exotic Car Examiner Subscribe Follow:  Advertisement May 15, 2010 Auto Pop Culture News: Banksy graffiti art on ruin wall at Packard auto plant in Detroit, Michigan. The internationally famous artist keeps his identity a secret but his message is not a mystery. His latest political commentary about the auto industry failures in Motor City says, "I remember when this was all trees." Subscribe to the Exotic Car Examiner for more history of glamorous transportation . Follow @greenexoticcar for more green car news on Twitter. Exotic Car Examiner via @cafecars / Italianizzato.com / Fireball Run Adventurally Team via @fireballrun / Photo credit: Detroit Funk Related AUTO POP CULTURE articles Nude blonde women lounging on a Ferrari Testarossa showcase exotic car beauty and Enzo engineering Roadside attraction holiday vacation travel tip: Visit the 'Art Car Museum' in Houston, TX Lamborghini coloring pages, exotic car, and transportation theme activities for kids home classroom Lifetime Ferrari fan tattoo ideas for exotic car theme tats complete with pin up girls and car art School out? Teach children at home how to draw Lamborghini Diablo, Murcielago, Countach, or Gallardo Auto Pop Culture! Banksy tags Detroit with Eco message -- The internationally famous mystery artist known only as Banksy is notorious for tagging famous locations with important political and socially relevant messages. His most recent work is a mural painted on a wall at an abandoned auto plant in Motor City, Michigan. He left his mark on a piece of the now empty Packard plant in Detroit. However, the bigger news than what he actually painted on the wall is that art thieves stole the piece. They removed the entire wall and relocated it to their own art gallery, claiming they were preserving it. [May 15 -- Report + Photos + History of Packard Factory ] BANKSY TAGS MOTOR CITY WITH GREEN CAR MESSAGE Exotic car owners are typically avid collectors of more than cars . Most will tell you they are also patrons of the arts as well as appreciating the aesthetics of autos. It very rare to meet an exotic car owner who is not well educated or at the very least worldly. That's why many may already know about the graffiti artist known only as Banksy. Banksy has tagged many of the world's most famous cities from Los Angeles to London with his world class art murals. He never shows his face or lets anyone knkow who he is or what he has doing. He simply choses a location and proceeds to leave his graphic art with a political statement. Banksy has left his mark so well in the art realm that pieces of his illegal works actually are going as museum quality work for more than a million dollars. That's why when he tagged a crumbling wall of the Packard plant in Detroit, Michigan with the image of a young black boy painting a message on the ruins saying, "I remember when this was all trees..." the green news note struck such a deep chord with so many local residents. Well -- that is, it could have, until art thieves claiming they were protecting the piece showed up less than 5 hours after it appeared with excavating equipment and stole the wall before it could be seen by anybody. Packard Auto Industrial Complex Drawing circa 1907 (credit: All Posters) The Packard plant in Detroit, Michigan today -- photo of the Banksy graffiti mural by Detroit Funk. HISTORY OF THE PACKARD AUTO PLANT The Packard auto plant is a sign from history about the rise of the auto industrialist giants and their current financial ruin as much or more than the impact automobiles have had on the city of Detroit in general. Before the "Banksy Leaves His Mark in Detroit" story broke, Jalopnik took a look back at the famous property and said: Packard moved out 50 years ago, after their merger with Studebaker. But the headquarters and plant in Detroit still stand. The city calls the site, with its proximity to rail, ripe for redevelopment, but mostly, it just sits forlornly with a total of twelve employees to fill its nearly 4 million square feet of space. Meanwhile, the City's laid claim to the site, but is tied up in court with others who claim to own the property. When we see stuff like this, it genuinely bums us out, as Detroit has some truly amazing buildings that are ripe for urban renewal. Meanwhile, they sit unoccupied and crumbling. The Packard Motor Car manufacturing complex was first built on the Detroit east-side as a star property location back in 1907. Packard, an auto giant of the day, manufactured luxury vehicles for a newly mobile American population until it succumbed to pressures from competitors like Ford and General Motors [GM]. The auto maker went out of business in 1956, leaving its colossal 40 plus acre complex vacant. The real estate parcel with its abandoned buildings was sold for a paltry $750,000 the following year, and since that time has fallen into complete ruins. Back in the day, a Packard was considered very high tech. Check out the concept car photo below of a 1907 Packard from Concept Carz versus the tech changes by the 1950s in the original footage history video below. BANKSY SENDS MESSAGE TO AMERICAN AUTO GIANTS -- CLEAN UP NOW AND MAKE ATONEMENT FOR PAST HISTORY As a political statement about the auto industry, the message from Banksy to return Detroit to its former pre-automobile glory is a poignant one. So, too, is a hope that tying green news with green cars movements to be part of the industrial fabric of the global future will be the result of Banksy's tag on Motor City. With all American car companies either in bankruptcy or decline in the past decades and Detroit itself in such deep need of urban renewal projects, will the message be sent to American industrial giants and political leaders that it's time to rehab and renovate both Detroit as well as the concept cars we send to auto shows? In a post-modern era where car companies like Ferrari and Lamborghini are finally getting smart and announcing that they are ready to design new green exotic cars for the future car market, the world teeters on the brink of embracing green car technology. With American sports car and exotic car makes like Fisker, Tesla Motors, and Scorpion putting forward electric and hydrogen concept cars and bringing them to production for the common market, somehow 2010 has not felt quite so hopeless. Even the Chevy Volt and the Ford hybrid vehicles have given inspiration to the American auto buying public -- but the state of decay left in the world by past failures of industrialists are still spurring criticism by global figures like Banksy for our national failure to preserve and protect or to move forward fast enough to correct the environmental damages cause by our history of automobiles as an industrial giant. What do YOU think -- should the art wall been left in its original surrounding as a message to clean up the architectural ruins surrounding it? What responsibility do car companies have to preserve and protect the environment -- if any? Sound off in the comments section below. Follow @GreenExoticCar on Twitter Click the thumbnail images below to learn more about the latest concept cars and production automobiles from green car reviews!     dc:identifier="http://greencelebrity.org/green-car-reviews/" dc:title="Green Car Reviews" trackback:ping="http://greencelebrity.org/green-car-reviews/trackback/" /> Report  Comments citizen X 3 years ago what a hypocrite. the world would have more trees if he wasn't traveling the world via airplanes and adding paint fume pollution to the air. artist or not, he pollutes as much as the average car owner. reply Report Add a comment Join the conversation! Log in here or create a new account if you've never registered before. Your name Comment * do not change Contact Email Contact Email2 Contact Url Subscribe to Blog Remember my Info Got something to say? Examiner.com is looking for writers, photographers, and videographers to join the fastest growing group of local insiders. If you are interested in growing your online rep apply to be an Examiner today!  Advertisement Car & Truck Enthusiasts August 27, 2013 BMW X1 Powder Ride is a skiers delight August 27, 2013 The affordable fun list: Mustang GT, 370Z Roadster, IS350, Beetle and Veloster  August 27, 2013 Good and bad classic car news August 26, 2013 New Nissan NV200 Taxis are headed to the Big Apple August 26, 2013 Montreal area classic car events for August 26-September 2, 2013 Load more  Advertisement  Car & Truck Enthusiasts Considering importing a car into the U.S.? You may want to read this first... Indy Cars vs. Formula One - Which is faster? Ask Rob About Cars Living Fast N Loud with Discovery Channels Richard Rawlings Chevy Silverado becomes Official Truck of Texas: Longhorns that is Nissan explains why electric cars are so rare in Boston Load more Advertisement Leisure Flying soon? Before you check in, check out these tips to help get the best airline seats Video Watch Gazpacho: The wonders of a cold, delicious Spanish soup Recipes 101 This state is running low on sand, due to erosion from storms and tides Video Watch Add zest to your recipes with a quick homemade mango salsa Yummy Eats Hyundai Motor Company is set to build a parts plant in the U.S. Auto News The lipstick trend that will add character to any wardrobe Video Watch   AE News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Googleplus Pinterest Company Links About us OnTopic custom content Advertise with us Career opportunities Examiner.com blog Today in Photos Sitemap Autos & Motorcycles |  2006-2013 Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com  Privacy Policy  Terms of Use  About us  Featured Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Interviews Celebrity Style Hot Bodies Movies Summer Movies Comedy Horror Drama TV Reality TV Big Brother True Blood Americas Got Talent More topics Music YA Fiction Cultural Arts Animation Performing Arts Arts and Exhibits Books More topics Featured Food and Recipes Food Recipes Drinks Restaurants Spa and Beauty Makeup Skin Care Spas Hair and Nails Travel Budget Travel Local Getaways Airlines Travel Deals More topics Autos and Motorcycles Bars and Clubs DIY Mechanic Home Improvement Hobbies More topics Featured Home and Living Weddings Gardening Home Improvement Decorating Pets Dogs Cats Other Pets Pet News Family and Parenting Parenting Issues Single Parenting Child Safety Toys Games and Gear More topics Fashion Health and Fitness Education Religion and Spirituality Weight Loss and Dieting Relationships Green Living Nutrition Neighborhoods More topics Featured Politics Political Buzz Democrat Republican Political Issues News Top News Strange News Crime and Courts Extreme Weather Business and Finance Personal Finance Small Business Industry Marketing and PR More topics Science and Space Stock Market Immigration Policy and Issues Gun Control Environment Weather and Climate Independent Nonpartisan More topics Featured Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Recreation Fight Sports Action Sports Endurance Sports Recreational Sports Outdoor Rec and Adventure Hunting and Fishing Hiking Camping Water Sports More topics College Sports General Sports Running Soccer Fantasy Sports MiLB Fight Sports Motorsports More topics Featured Games Consoles Xbox One Playstation 4 PC Games Gadgets and Tech Tech Gear Tablets iPhone Google Glass Internet Social Media Tech Research Facebook Anonymous More topics Card Games Handheld Games MMOGs Other Games Photography More topics Follow Us Twitter Facebook GooglePlus User login  do not change Contact Email Contact Email2 Contact Url Subscribe to Blog Remember my Info Log in Sign in with your email and password. Or reset your password . Email * Password * Write for us Interested in becoming an Examiner and sharing your experience and passion? We're always looking for quality writers. Find out more about Examiner.com and apply today! Learn more   