 1-888-888-LIST (5478) 1-888-888-LIST (5478) Join Now Sign In Business Owners  Close Menu Quick Tour How It Works FAQ In the Press Articles The Big Deal Contact Us 1-888-888-LIST (5478) Join Now Sign In Business Owners  You are here Home : Search  What is Angie's List Angie’s List is the trusted site where more than 2 million households go to get ratings and reviews on everything from home repair to health care. Stop guessing when it comes to hiring! Check Angie’s List to find out who does the best work in town.  Be the ultimate homeowner Sign up to get a weekly sneak peek into the latest trends and tips in home repair and health care! Thanks, Ultimate-Homeowner-In-Training! Stay Connected  Join Now Auto Repair Shops Accidents  auto body repairs car_crash.jpg An automobile accident is an event no driver wants to experience. Following an accident, a driver should know what steps to take to ensure occupants safety and how to go about getting their vehicle repaired.  Do you have to use the body shop the insurance company recommends? car-body-damage.JPG No, you don't have to use the body shop that the insurance company recommended. The choice is yours — by law, in the majority of cases. Yet a question remains: Will you get a quality repair? Photos: Mad about motors: 1960s American steel Indy auto repair saves car from the scrapyard car--after.jpg Jamco Inc. brings a 1995 Maxima back to life after a collision with a semi. See More About Auto Repair Shops Car Muffler Repair Shop Exhaust systems fuyyBmfYMXk Your vehicles exhaust system primarily routes exhaust gases away from the engine, but it performs a number a number of other important functions as well.  Repair shop disputes snowblower complaint New Berlin repair shop says snowblower service is not covered by warranty. Concrete company ignores complaint about driveway. Disposal company does not take out the trash Homeowner says company claims the garbage cans are over weight limit. Hybrid Car Repair Tips, Auto Service See More About Car Muffler Repair Shop Car Stereo Repair Washington, D.C., animal removal company takes skunk leaves stink A Washington, D.C.-area homeowner wants the animal removal company to deodorize her porch. Hybrid Car Repair Tips, Auto Service Car Buying Tips, Trade in Values, Getting a Good Deal Buying a new car is a big investment. Researching your available options will make you a better consumer.  See More About Car Stereo Repair Discount Tires Tires car_tire.jpg Tires not only transfer the engine’s horsepower directly to the road, their grip ensures your car handles, turns and brakes safely. Overlooking tire maintenance can lead to poor fuel economy, poor handling and possibly hazardous driving conditions.  How much do new tires really cost? new_tires_cost.jpg Tires don't last forever. But when it's time for replacement, what's the best way to make the most of your budget: DIY or professional installation? When all is said and done, how much do new tires really cost? 4 questions to ask about tire repairs Fixing a damaged tire instead of buying a new one can save a lot of money. But repairing isn’t always the safest option. Ask your tire repair specialist these questions before choosing the right repair option. 7 ways to increase your cars curb appeal when selling 4291222.jpg Check out 7 great ways to improve your car's curb appeal - and value - when you're trying to sell it. If you're in the process of selling a car, make certain that potential car buyers get a favorable first impression when they see your ride.  See More About Discount Tires Towing Services Worst Phoenix Contractors of 2012 Angie's List names the Worst Phoenix Contractors of 2012. New Indianapolis law aims to protect against predatory towing towing_3.jpg City drafts tougher regulations for towing companies after a series of predatory towing complaints. How to avoid Indianapolis towing troubles towing_1.jpg Plan ahead by researching Indianapolis towing companies before you need one to avoid a sour towing experience. Tips to avoid tow truck rip-offs in the snow Slide-offs are common during heavy snowfall. The majority of towing calls during a heavy snow will be pulling cars out of ditches. Learn why it's important to research a towing company before you need one.  See More About Towing Services Transmission Shop Worst Phoenix Contractors of 2012 Angie's List names the Worst Phoenix Contractors of 2012. Worst Dallas-Fort Worth Contractors of 2012 Angie's List names the Worst Dallas-Fort Worth Contractors of 2012. Hard upshift has many possible causes The reason behind your vehicle having this problem could be something simple, like a clogged filter, or bigger problem with your transmission. Repair shop disputes snowblower complaint New Berlin repair shop says snowblower service is not covered by warranty. Concrete company ignores complaint about driveway.  See More About Transmission Shop Car Radiator Service Radiator service radiator_fill.jpg Your cars radiator performs an essential function: preventing your cars engine from overheating. Maintaining your vehicles radiators, including filling radiator fluid or anti-freeze when low, getting regular radiator flushes, and repairing any damage to the radiator, can help your car running better longer.  Repair shop disputes snowblower complaint New Berlin repair shop says snowblower service is not covered by warranty. Concrete company ignores complaint about driveway. Disposal company does not take out the trash Homeowner says company claims the garbage cans are over weight limit. Hybrid Car Repair Tips, Auto Service See More About Car Radiator Service Click Below To Find Customer Reviews, Ratings And Information On Contractors And Doctors In Your Area. Albany Asheville Atlanta Austin Baltimore Birmingham Boston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit Fort Lauderdale Grand Rapids Greensboro Harrisburg Hartford Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Louisville Madison Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Modesto Nashville New Orleans New York Norfolk Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Portland Providence Raleigh Richmond Sacramento Saint Louis Saint Paul Salt Lake City San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Seattle Tampa Tucson Virginia Beach Washington Winston Salem All US Cities | All Canadian Cities  Powered by Drupal Home Quick Tour How It Works FAQ Contact Us Investor Relations About Us Careers The Big Deal Classic Cars Privacy Policy Affiliate Program Gift Memberships News Angie's Blog Videos Home Improvement Tips Articles Business Center Local Guides Consumer Reviews by Category Find Contractors  Doctors Answers Home Shows Follow us © Copyright 1995-2013 by Angie's List Inc. All Rights Reserved. [if lte IE 7]>