 JERSEY CAR CASH Sell Your Car Today - Highest Prices Paid in NJ - Cash for Cars Get Your Free Quote Today! Call (732) 925-2602 Cash For Cars Sell My Car We Buy Cars Used Car Buyer CarCash New Jersey Blog Contact Us | Privacy | FAQ | Why Us The Jersey Car Cash Philosophy... We believe that honesty is the best policy. If you’re looking to sell your car for top retail prices, we are not the service for you. We offer a quick and hassle free alternative to selling your car privately or having to trade it in for a new car. We guarantee to beat all new or used car dealers offers. However, unlike many of the other guys, we come to you. We schedule all appointments at your location and at your convenience. So if you need to sell your car soon give us a call. We will do our best and give you the fair market dealer cash value for your used car or truck. With so many satisfied customers, well make sure you are just one more. That’s the Jersey Car Cash Difference. Sorry, but we do not accept junk cars . Top 10 Reasons Why Most People Choose Jersey Car Cash We buy all makes, models, cars, trucks, pickups, minivans and Harley motorcycles too. The entire process only takes 15 minutes of your time. We are licensed and bonded. Thousands of satisfied customers. We schedule all appointments at your choice of location and at your convenience. Highest prices paid for your used car. We have been in the business for decades. We service the complete state of New Jersey. Not just one area. We have expanded into New York and we can now offer our great service to the five boroughs and surrounding areas. 100% Free, secure and absolutely no obligation required. jerseycarcash.com We tested this site and didnt find any significant problems. What Seperates Jersey Car Cash From the Others? If you like Jersey Car Cash will come to your address - This puts you in a powerful negotiating position. Many online used car buyers require you to bring the car to them! This puts you in a poor position to negotiate and the slightest wrong description of your car will be harshly judged with many reducing their offers by up to $250.00 per ding. Jersey Car Cash will also come to your address at a time convenient for you - Most online car buyers require you to bring your car to them during their opening hours! Jersey Car Cash offers a service for people who need to sell their car fast, 24 hrs a day , 365 days a year. Its a service, so its when its convenient for you, not us! Jersey Car Cash will pay by cash or checks, whichever you prefer - Many online buyers insist on paying with checks only. Again we are offering a service, so its what you want, not what we would like. Jersey Car Cash will stand by their quotes if the car is accurately described - Some online buyers will take advantage of certain circumstances. For instance, if you are selling due to moving and have arranged for the car to be bought at the airport, you are going to need someone you can trust to pay the agreed price. Jersey Car Cash will price any wrong descriptions fairly - Not all online buyers are so forthcoming. Any changes to our agreed price will be explained, with explicit pricing. Remember you do not have to sell to Jersey Car Cash , you will likely be at your home address at a time that suits you. If we cant agree a price no hard feelings! Jersey Car Cash offers a polite and courtesy service - Not all online buyers are friendly, some are downright rude; by all means phone around and see for yourself! After more than 23 years in the used car industry, Jersey Car Cash knows what service is about,. When you call you will always find a friendly voice and helpful service, EVEN if we do not buy your car. Jersey Car Cash does not buy cars requiring major mechanical attention or serious bodywork. Used Cars for Sale in South River, NJ Main Location 164 Prospect Street South River, NJ 08882 Highest Prices Paid in NJ It is getting harder and harder these days to sell a car. With all the internet scams, phony checks and fake money orders going around. Don't get fooled or taken! At Jersey Car Cash you can depend on a honest, quick and hassle free transaction. We are licensed and bonded in the state of New Jersey and guarantee you TOP DOLLAR for your vehicle immediately. We buy cars, trucks, SUV's, vans, motorcycles, campers, quads, dirt bikes, snowmobiles and even trailers too! Regardless of make, model with under 150,000 miles. ( Sorry, but we do not accept junk cars ). No need to take your vehicle anywhere to see if they will buy it or not. We come to you anywhere within the Tri-State area. Once we quote you the value of your vehicle... Consider it SOLD. We Buy Cars in NJ Atlantic County Bergen County Burlington County Camden County Cape May County Cumberland County Essex County GloucesterCounty Hudson County HunterdonCounty MercerCounty MiddlesexCounty Monmouth County MorrisCounty OceanCounty PassaicCounty SalemCounty SomersetCounty SussexCounty UnionCounty WarrenCounty We Buy Cars in New York Brooklyn Bronx Long Island Manhattan Queens Staten Island Get a Free Quote Now! 100% free and secure. No obligation required. Get started now! What Paperwork Will I Need to Sell My Car 1. Certificate of Title. 2. Valid Identification. 3. All keys and books for the vehicle. 4. Any service records you may have. We Are Licensed and Bonded Avoid dealing with shady people. Make sure to deal with only State licensed dealers that are bonded for your security. Do not accept checks or money orders from unverifiable people. Selling Your Harley? Visit Cash for Harleys Testimonials After trying to sell my Jaguar privately, I came across Jerseycarcash.com Great site, very easy to navigate and so fast too. I had an offer from Mr. Eli James within one day which I gladly accepted. Mr. James came to pick up my car the very same day. The whole experience was a real pleasure... Thanks for my bailout.. Mike Picarellio - New Jersey Thank you so much for helping me sell my car and offering this great service. I would still be lost and hopeless if it was not for the excellent help you offered. Thankfully, I no longer have to worry about filling up the gas guzzler anymore. You guys are the best! Thanks! Moe Donk - Freehold, NJ Mr. James treated us very nicely and gave us an offer we were very happy with. We would highly recommend Jersey Car Cash to ourfriends and family. Mr. and Mrs. Setton New Brunswick, NJ Jersey Car Cash - 164 Prospect Street - South River, NJ 08882 (732) 925-2602 Copyright 2011. All rights reserved. Sitemap Sell My Truck and Car Links 