 Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Menu Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Squidoo  Close Home  Cars  Selling a car Buying and Reselling Used Cars for a Profit  by AdnanMasood  Motion Technologies is the home of the Craigslist Reader. With this desktop application, you can search Craigslist without limitations. Search multi...   more  (function($) { window.show_more_lm_bio = function() {  $.get('/lensmaster/ajax_lens_bio/resellcars', function(html) { $('.lm_bio_con').html(html);  }); } })(jQuery);   6 Comments  Have You Ever Resold a Car for   Have You Tried the Car Finder?   Let Us Know Your Thoughts...  Like 20  Pin It  Ranked #920 in Cars , #66,699 overall  How to Make Money Buying and Reselling Used Cars Used car dealerships are profitable businesses when properly run, but what if you don't want to run an official used car dealership? Would you like to buy and resell used cars whenever you wanted on no official schedule? If so, you can and here are some helpful tips on how to get you started: How to make money buy and selling used cars , please read on!  What Can I Buy and Sell to Make Money? Cars! A commonly searched question online is - what can I buy and sell to make money? Of course you can buy and resell anything, but profits are found with used cars. Used cars are always in demand. Due to the economy, more consumers are opting for used instead of new cars. This means the demand is high for quality used cars. It is easy to find used cars for sale. Use the Car Finder or Cars for Sale Pro for Android to search 1000s of car sites, online marketplaces, and classified websites at once. Also, consider auto auctions, your local newspaper's auto section, and so forth. The start-up cost of flipping cars for sale can be high. The key is to do your research. Find quality cheap cars that you know you can resell for a profit. Make a few needed repairs or give the car a mini-makeover. Whether you make $500 or $5,000 per each sale, that is money you did not have before.  Install FREE Cars for Sale Pro for Android Would you like to be able to search for used cars from your Android phone? You now can with the Cars for Sale Android app! Search 1000s of car buying websites at once. You can also use the app to negotiate with a used car dealer! CLICK Cars for Sale Pro for Android This FREE car search app can save you hundreds or thousands of dollars ! Find the best deals and use the app as a negotiation tool. Using the Car Finder from Motion Technologies As mentioned above, a car finder is a great way to find cheap vehicles to buy and resell. The Car Finder does come with a free 7-day trial. It is a desktop application that searches thousands of websites at once. These websites include car finding sites, classified sites, and more. To get the most from the Car Finder, here are some helpful tips. Set a Price Range: Price ranges are optional, but your goal is to find cheap cars that you can resell for a profit. Automatically eliminating vehicles that you cannot afford or those that don't allow you to make a profit, saves time. Search Phrases Optional: What is unique about the Car Finder is that you can use a search phrase (make, model, and year) or not. So lets say that you are just looking for cheap cars to resell (you don't care as long as you make a profit). Search with your zip code only and get a list of all cars in your area. Compare Cars: The Car Finder will connect you with hundreds, even thousands of cheap cars. You obviously can't buy them all, so compare to get the best deals. Click on a headline to see the full car listing in the window below. Like what you see? Use the Car Finder's reply to send the seller an email. Don't like what you see? Check the box next to the headline and click Delete All Checked to remove it. Less results makes it easier to compare price and quality. Setup New Car Alerts: With the Car Finder, you can setup in-program new car alerts or email new car alerts. Either way, when you activate alerts, the Car Finder will perform automatic searches every 30 minutes. If the program finds a car that meets your search criteria, you will get an email or an in-program alert (your choice). This way, you can be the FIRST to see new cars posted online!  Flipping Cars for Profit: Do You Need to Run a Dealership? If you want to make some extra money, you may consider flipping cars for a profit. Flipping cars for a profit means buying them for cheap and reselling them for more. Just like flipping real estate for profit; some work and/or repairs are usually performed on the vehicle before reselling. When we think of flipping cars for profit, we tend to automatically think of used car dealers. But, do you need to own an official dealership to buy and resell used cars? No. Keep in mind that you may need to check with your local and state laws in case you intend to have multiple cars for sale on your property year around. BUT, you, as a single individual, can buy and resell cars for profit. Create a Game Plan: How to Make Money Buying and Selling Cars While you aren't going to run a full fledged dealership, it is still a good idea to have a game plan even if it is just a general guide. For example, start with how much money you have to spend. Lets say you have $12,000 to spend on a used car to resell. Do you want to buy one vehicle, two, or even try and stretch your money to get three? Then, would you like to focus on any particular type of cars, such as Fords, or are you just looking to resell any cheap car you can get your hands on? Having a good idea of what you want to do will make it easier to profit from the buying and reselling of used cars. A game plan or a business plan is key to successfully flipping cars for profit.  Find Cars to Resell: How to Make Money Buying and Selling Cars Since you are interested in buying and reselling cars, you need one or two cars to start with. How can you find these vehicles? Keep Your Eyes and Ears Open: You honestly never know when you might find a cheap car that you can resell. Driving home from the grocery store, you might find a $1,000 car parked on someone's lawn that could resell for $5,000 easy. Use The Car Finder: A great way to find used cars is to look online. You have thousands of classified sites, online marketplaces, and car finder sites to choose from. But wait! Which program should you choose? How about all of them? But wait! This would take forever right? Right, unless you use the Car Finder for Windows PC or the Cars for Sale Pro for Android phones. Both search thousands of websites for you at once!  Additional Tips: How to Make Money Buying and Selling Cars Don't Write Off Cheap Vehicles as Junk No joke, my neighbor pulled in about two weeks ago with a new van. Her old vehicle has been sitting undriven for about two months now due to an engine problem. When this new van arrived, I inquired out of nothing more to start a friendly conversation. Imagine my surprise when said she paid $700 for a van that could have easily sold for $3,000 or $4,000. It is only about five years old, isn't overwhelmed with mileage and no rust from what I can tell (which is good coming from the Northeast). All the van needed was new brakes. Why the cheap price I asked: the owners bought a new car and just wanted this one gone! The point of this story is that you never know what you will find. Granted most dirt cheap cars do need a lot of work, but you might be surprised with what you find when you look hard and know where to look.  Preparing for Resale: How to Make Money Buying and Selling Cars When it comes time to sell your vehicles you bought, you are presented with another great chance to increase your earnings. Here are some helpful tips to maximize what you do earn: Kelley Blue Book: Do a check on the car you are trying to resell on the Kelley Blue Book website. To increase your profits, originally set your price slightly higher. If you don't make a sale, lower it. Knowing the estimated value of the vehicle is great when negotiating; you know how low not to go. Remember Profits : Most car buyers are going to negotiate with you. That is why there are benefits to seeing your price slightly above the Kelley Blue Book's recommended value. However, always keep your profit in mind when negotiating with a seller. You paid $5,000 for the car and spent $50 on new breaks; therefore a sell price of $5,500 does leave much profit room. Clean Is Best: You likely already know that you should repair any damage on a car before reselling it to increase the vehicle's value. On that same note, don't underestimate the power of a vacuum and car wash. Cars that look clear fetch a higher selling price.  Your Avenues of Reselling: How to Make Money Buying and Selling Cars If you don't already have a resale plan in place, now is the time to create one. Here are some of the best ways to sell a car: Local Newspaper Classifieds: Even though it is easy to find a car for sale online, many buyers still look in local newspapers. Put an ad in your paper. Keep it short and sweet to limit price: price, make, model, year, mileage, color, door count, condition, and phone number for more questions. Online Classifieds: Since many consumers like to shop and browse online, put your for sale cars online. Many classified websites, like Craigslist.org, are free to post. If pictures are allowed (they are on Craigslist), post away. For Sale Sign and Yard: If you live in a heavy traffic area, park the cars you want to resell towards the front of your lawn and slap large for sale sign stickers on them. If possible, convince a friend to let you rent out their lawn space for a cheap price.  I Sell Cars: How to Advertise The Fact That You Do Above, we mentioned a few ways that you can go about reselling used cars you bought to flip. You know I sell cars, but right now you want to focus on spreading the word. You want buyers to know that you sell used cars even if just one or two a month. How can you go about spreading this word? Word of Mouth: Do you have a buyer who just purchased a car from you? Ask them to spread the word. Inform them you intend to start a used car dealership or you intend to buy and sell monthly. Even if they just tell two friends (one of which who later buys from you), that five minute conversation was well-worth it. Classified Websites: Although Craigslist.org is the most popular website, there are others out there as well. Do an internet search to find other websites. Post your used cars for sale. You may also want to mention that you buy cars for cash. You can use classified websites to your advantage to target buyers and those looking to unload cheap cars. Sign: If you live in a well-trafficked area, all of your cars for sale should be positioned out front with a for sale sign. Have you thought about making a big, eye-catching CARS FOR SALE sign? Why not? Even if it is 5 weeks later, a passerby might remember your sign when looking to buy a used car. Business Directory Listing: If you are running a used car dealership (even a small one), your business should be listed with multiple online business directories. Even if you intend to buy and resell one or two cars a month, create this listing. Use your personal information but insert it in all automobile sections. When it comes to finding dealers or those who buy and resell for a profit, many consumer automatically search online instead of using their phonebook. So aside from shouting from the rooftops I sell cars, try implementing a few of the above mentioned tips.  How to Make Money Buying and Selling Cars without Running an Official Dealership So you want to make money buying and selling cars, but you don't want to go all out and start an official used car dealership. So what should you do? Here a mini-guide on how to make money buying and selling cars that you can use as a good starting point. Research: Never starting buying and flipping cars for profit without first doing a little bit of research. Familiarize yourself with some in-demand car types, makes, models, and so forth. Research their average selling price. Start Shopping: Use the Car Finder or Cars for Sale Pro for Android to start examining your buying options. If you did a little bit of research, you know the average selling price of your would-likes. Always intend to negotiate with the seller for a better deal, but focus your attention on cheap cars that can you flip for a profit. Buy: We are very simply stating buy here, but a lot of work should go into making your decision. For example, test drive, inspect under the hood, negotiate with the seller to get the best deal, and so forth. The most important step in how to make money buying and selling cars involves ensure you pay as less as possible to maximize your profits. Repairs  Facelift: Have you seen those real estate flipping shows where the investor makes all needed repairs and improvements? The home is given a makeover before it is relisted on the real estate market. Do the same with all cars. Keep your estimated selling price in mind. Bought a car for $2,000 that you can resell for $3,500? It may be within your best interest to forego repairing rust that will cost $1,000. Resell: When you want to go about flipping cars for profit, take advantage of every method of selling. Place the car with a for sale sign in a well-trafficked part of your property, post listings on Craigslist.org, post an ad in your local newspaper, and more. The more places you advertise cars for sale, the better chances you have of making a sale.  As A Reminder... The Car Finder makes it easy to buy and resell cars for a profit. Do a search and find specific makes or models or just find cheap cars for sale. Search hundreds of websites at once, setup alerts by email of new car listings, make contact with sellers right from the program, and more! Try the Car Finder free for 7-days!  Car Finder Video User Guide  Here is how you can use the Car Finder: Car Finder: Search 1000s of Websites to Find Cars for Sale by MotiontDotCom | video info  0 ratings | 1,424 views One Program = Thousands of Car Sites & Classified Sites = Thousands of New and Used Cars = More Results in LESS Time!Search thousands of websites at once, take advantage of email alerts of new cars, use search filters for targeted results and more. FREE 7-day trial (no credit card required) at http://www.motiont.com. curated content from YouTube  Have You Ever Resold a Car for a Profit? Have You Ever Resold a Car for a Profit?  Yes No No But I Am Trying Right Now! Vote Show the poll results  Have You Tried the Car Finder? Have You Tried the Car Finder Yet?  Yes. No. No But I Am Going To Start My FREE 7-Day Trial Now. Vote Show the poll results  MotionT.com Blog Updates  Amazon   Used Car Dealership: How to Start One  by Robert Jones Buy Now  Mastering the Art of Selling Cars Online  by Edward Coleman Buy Now  From Zero to Hero: How to Master the Art of SELLING CARS  by Jeffrey Knott Buy Now  How I Learned to Sell a Lot of Cars  by Mark E. Ransom Buy Now Let Us Know Your Thoughts... Add Comment  Reply  stella   Jul 26, 2011 @ 4:02 am | delete  Acquiring put into use automotives or Used Cars for Sale from their owners right would appear to be a bit riskier in comparison to getting a automobile from a competent dealership. The perfect way to go for a 2nd hand automotive offer is to groundwork internet based from fantastic utilised auto listing web site. One particular can also investigation for put to use cars from internet based sources such as Kijiji and Craiglist. Normally try out to converse with the proprietor right so you can clear all your doubts and get alot more facts about the automotive you are likely to order in the near future. Made use of vehicle listing online websites offer you facilities to create your necessity as perfectly as a cellphone range so that any interested proprietor could call you right too building it a great deal more convenient with a wider assortment of choices from different owners. Reply BSieracki  Jun 19, 2011 @ 4:05 pm | delete  good idea but i think i should know more about cars than i do now Reply CarBodyRepairs  Apr 26, 2011 @ 12:53 am | delete  Great lens on buying cars Regards Car Body Repair  Reply AdnanMasood  Apr 10, 2011 @ 9:17 pm | delete  Be sure to checkout the Cars for Sale Pro for Android . Reply rachel0558  Apr 7, 2011 @ 8:55 pm | delete  This looks interesting! I have a closer look sometime. Thanks for all your great infor.  Load More Show All Comments 20 Like  by AdnanMasood Motion Technologies is the home of the Craigslist Reader. With this desktop application, you can search Craigslist without limitations. Search multi... more 7 featured lenses Winner of 8 trophies ! Top lens  Buying and Reselling Used Cars for a Profit Feeling creative? Create a Lens! Explore related pages Knifty Knitter Books, Looms and Accessories   Promote your Zazzle gallery or lens here   Paypal Account Limitation   The Craigslist Reader   Buy Art Print | Art To Buy   Get Silly Productions: Unique T-Shirts and Apparel  Related Tags Buying and Reselling Used Cars for a Profit selling-a-car shopping online home business AdnanMasood more... TOS Originality Pact About Us SquidooHQ Charity Report Abuse Feedback  Bugs Subscribe Copyright  2013, Squidoo, LLC and respective copyright owners This page and all the pages on Squidoo generate income for lensmasters and charities based on affiliate relationships with our partners, including Amazon, Google, eBay and others. Have fun.    Notify me by email when new comments are added. Enter Your Name  to post as a vistor or Login Email Address: Post Comment Cancel 