 Local Oklahoma City Search Oklahoma City Neighborhoods Things to Do Info & Facts Share Free Oklahoma City Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Top Oklahoma City Movie Theaters By Adam Knapp , About.com Guide There are many Oklahoma City movie theaters , but rather than settling for mediocrity, you should choose one of the best movie theaters in Oklahoma City for your next outing. For some, high concessions and loud movie-goers have forced just catching it on DVD, but you won't be disappointed if you catch your movie in the right place, though. Here is information on the best movie theaters in Oklahoma City, including location, showtimes, ticket buying and more. 1. Moore Warren Theatre  Warren Theatres Trust me when I tell you that going to the movies simply doesn't get any better than this. Located in Moore , the Warren Theatre sets a new standard. With movie memorabilia everywhere, a classic theater decor, a diner, mammoth screens, state-of-the-art sound, game room and even a soundproof "cry room," just the "regular" experience is memorable enough. But the balcony option will blow you away. Available on two screens each week, adults 21 and over can sit in oversized chairs, enjoy a cocktail from the bar and be served full meals before and during the movie. Once you've been, you will feel cheated every time you see a show anywhere else. Check Showtimes and Buy Tickets 1000 Telephone Rd. (Moore) (405) 703-3777 More: Full Moore Warren Profile 2. Harkins Bricktown Cinemas 16 Whether you're out for date night in Bricktown or are just looking for one of the best theaters in OKC, the Harkins Cine Capri Bricktown is a great choice. It opened in late 2004, part of the continuing boom in economic development in Bricktown and has all the elements of a top of the line movie-watching experience, including daycare available for the parents. It's the cream of the crop. Check Showtimes and Buy Tickets 150 E. Reno Ave. (405) 231-4747 More: Full Harkins Bricktown Profile 3. AMC Quail Springs Mall 24 More screens. More times. Great setting. The theater at Quail Springs only comes in behind the Bricktown Harkins because it's a bit older. Don't let that fool you, though. The theaters are in good shape, and the experience is top notch. If you can handle mall crowds, you'll definitely enjoy yourself. Check Showtimes and Buy Tickets 2501 W. Memorial Road (405) 775-0262 More: Full AMC Quail Springs 24 Profile 4. Cinemark Tinseltown This is another one of the big theaters with a bunch of screens, stadium seating and digital sound. It even has a game room for the kids while you wait for your movie to start. I rank it below some of the others, but overall, it's a solid place to catch a movie and has better prices than most. Check Showtimes and Buy Tickets 6001 Martin Luther King Blvd. (405) 424-0461 More: Full Cinemark Tinseltown Profile 5. AMC Crossroads Mall 16 I've only been to the Crossroads Mall 16 a couple of times, but I've been fairly pleased with it. It's clean, comfortable and has enough screens that the movie you want will probably be on, and it seems to have improved since it changed from a Regal Cinema to an AMC. If you're down in south OKC, you should check it out. You likely won't be disappointed. Check Showtimes and Buy Tickets 1211 E. I-240 (405) 632-4872 More: Full AMC Crossroads Profile 6. Noble Theater at the OKC Museum of Art Bonus Pick: Some people don't even know about the Noble Theater. From the Oklahoma City Museum of Art , this unique gem will give you the opportunity to see rare and classic films as well as hard-to-find quality movies in a restored classic theater. Whereas many of the establishments on this list focus on the "blockbusters," the Noble Theater presents award nominees, foreign films, short films, classics and much more. 415 Couch Drive (405) 236-3100 More: Museum Info and Movie Specials More OKC Top Picks Top Bricktown Restaurants Top Activities for Kids Top Outdoor Dining Spots Even More Top Picks Top 10 Restaurants Unique to Oklahoma City Top Sports Bars and Pubs Top Pizza Places Related Articles Oklahoma City Movie Theaters - Information on Showings, Environment and Ame... Bargain Movie Theaters in Oklahoma City - Listings and Information of the B... Drive-In Movie Theaters in Oklahoma City - Information on the Drive In Movi... Starplex Movie Theaters in Oklahoma City Harkins Movie Theaters in Oklahoma City Adam Knapp Oklahoma City Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum See More About okc movie theaters bricktown quail springs mall crossroads mall Top Related Searches oversized chairs rd moore two screens theater decor movie theaters sound game Explore Oklahoma City Must Reads Where in the Metro Quiz Ten Top OKC Restaurants Unemployment Benefits Oklahoma State Fair August Event Calendar Most Popular The Oklahoma State Fair - 2013 Top 10 Oklahoma City Restaurants Top 10 Places to Take Your Kids in the Oklahoma... Applying for Oklahoma Unemployment Benefits Oklahoma City Outlet Mall By Category Arts and Entertainment Attractions and Events Sports and Recreation Food and Drink Shopping and Services Employment and Jobs Apartments and Real Estate Community and Organizations History and Trivia Education and Learning Travel & Transportation News and Media Image and Photo Galleries Government and Politics Oklahoma City About.com Local Oklahoma City Arts and Entertainment Movies Top Oklahoma City Movie Theaters - Information on Showings, Environment and Amenities at the Best Oklahoma City Movie Theaters Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 