 InterfaithFamily Supporting Interfaith Families Exploring Jewish Life Search: Learning Information about Jewish life Life Cycle Events Weddings Pregnancy & Birth Ceremonies Bar & Bat Mitzvah Death & Mourning Holidays Rosh Hashanah & Yom Kippur Passover & Easter December Holidays Shabbat Purim Shavout Tu Bishvat Sukkot Simchat Torah Relationships Love, Marriage & Communication LGBTQ Parenting Growing up in an Interfaith Family Interdating Grandparenting Religious Life Spirituality Conversion Denominations Blessings Recent Articles Newsletters High Holy Days Kids Books that Matter: The Jewish New Year By Kathy Bloomfield Kathy Bloomfield shares her suggestions of kids books that relate to the High Holy Days. Go To High Holy Days Pop Culture Hollywood Now: Jobs Ashton Kutcher and Josh Gad, The Butlers Lenny Kravitz By Gerri Miller Your latest Hollywood update on interfaith celebrities. This week, see whats new with Ashton Kutcher, Josh Gad and Lenny Kravitz. Go To Pop Culture How-To Resources High Holy Days: The Basics Booklet By InterfaithFamily This booklet explains the Days of Awe, starting with Rosh Hashanah and running through Yom Kippur, including what to expect at synagogue services, what the home celebrations may look like and concluding with a glossary of useful terms. Go To High Holiday Resources Connections Find local community resources Community Resources Jewish Clergy Officiation Referral Service Discussions Events Organizations Professionals Members Groups Communities Greater Boston Chicagoland Philadelphia San Francisco Bay Area Organizations Kesher Israel Congregation Kesher Israel is a diverse Jewish community that welcomes every family or household. It is their heartfelt belief that the beauty and truths of the tradition are not reserved for those who are already in the know. Go To All Organizations Events Celebrate Rosh Hashanah Welcome in the new year and choose the prayer service that speaks to you in a relaxing wooded venue. Community celebration and fabulous farm-to-table feast included. Sept. 4-8th, Isabella Freedman Jewish Retreat Center,Falls Village, CT Go To All Events Advocacy Welcome interfaith families About IFF Mission & Vision Updates & Activities Advocacy Writing Surveys & Reports For Press Contact Us Donate Who We Are Staff Board Advisory Board Funders Partners Our Blogs IFF Network Parenting Weddings Animated Torahlog For Jewish Clergy Resource Center for Jewish Clergy Supporting rabbis and cantors looking to engage interfaith couples and families in their communities and help them make a stronger connection with Judaism. Go To RCJC For Program Providers Resource Center for Program Providers A great way for Jewish professionals and volunteers who work with and provide programming for people in interfaith relationships to locate resources and trainings to build more welcome into their Jewish communities; connect with and learn from each other; and publicize and enhance their programs and services. Go To RCPP Blogs So Many Blog Posts! Check out all the news posts by the G-dcast team! But dont forget to stop by the Network blog (written by InterfaithFamily staff) and the Parenting Blog too! Go To Blogs   A Landmark in Priest and Rabbi Humor: A Review of Keeping the Faith By Andrew Bender A Landmark in "Priest and Rabbi " Humor: A Review of Keeping the Faith by Andrew Bender So this priest and this rabbi walk into a bar, right...? Well, actually, in the new romantic comedy, Keeping the Faith , Father Brian (Edward Norton, who has appeared in Primal Fear and Everyone Says I Love You ), walks into the bar alone. Plastered, he recounts his relationship with Jake (Ben Stiller, who has appeared in There's Something about Mary ) and Anna (Jenna Elfman, star of TV's Dharma and Greg ), letting us know that the three had been childhood best friends from New York's Upper West Side until Anna moved away in the late 1970s. Jake and Brian grew up, overcoming obviously loose parenting (kids in the 1970s riding the subway by themselves?) to become a rabbi and a priest. Still best friends, they swagger through Manhattan together in sunglasses and black leather jackets, kippa ( yarmulke ) and collar. Both have unconventional approaches to their professions (Jake brings in a gospel choir to liven up Ein Keloheinu , Brian hears confessions in Spanish and absolves an adolescent parishioner of his fascination with melones ), and both pack 'em into their respective houses of worship. Brian, of course, is not married, but neither is Jake, which is a problem for his plan to replace the retiring head rabbi of his shul . Congregants attempt, unsuccessfully, to set him up with women, from the Jewish-female-stereotype (the funny Lisa Edelstein, of Sports Night , The West Wing ), to the smart, independent, beautiful TV journalist played by Rena Sofer . Then Anna, now a super-successful consultant, comes back to town for an extended business trip, and it seems like old times for the three amigos, except that they're past puberty. Anna ends up in a fling with Jake, who apparently is as good a lover as he is at giving sermons, and thus will become an icon for Jewish men everywhere. Problem: Anna's not Jewish, raising the thorny issues of 1) Jake's mom (Anne Bancroft - a.k.a. Mrs. Robinson), who stopped speaking with Jake's brother for marrying out of the faith, and 2) the synagogue , which would not take kindly to the relationship either. And then there's Problem #2: Brian has also fallen for Anna. Messy, messy. I'd rate the film 7 out of 10 on the Jewish Credibility Scale. I was surprised to see a rabbi exclaim "Jesus!" but one rabbi I know admits to using that word "when it escapes my self-censoring mechanisms." One could also fault Bancroft's delivery of the prayer over the Shabbat candles (she's not Jewish, although her husband, director Mel Brooks, is), and when was the last time you saw the majority of the congregation arriving during the Kol Nidre prayer? But I quibble--the film has the most temple scenes I've seen in a mainstream film (it was filmed at Temple B'nai Jeshurun on the Upper West Side of Manhattan) since The Jazz Singer and overall the tone is both good-natured and respectful of all religions. Norton not only stars in but also directs this film and is pretty credible, particularly for a first-timer. That said, the movie could have benefited from less cutesy-pie comedy and on-the-nose music. Case in point: the Rick Springfield song "Jesse's Girl" is empirically funny, even more so when sung by a smarmy Vietnamese salesman demonstrating karaoke equipment to a priest and a rabbi (a great cameo by Ken Leung of Rush Hour ). But when it's timed to Jake and Brian's developing competition over Anna, it's overkill. Norton went to Yale and should know better. And occasionally Norton directed like an actor, with scenes that seemed to be ad-libbed and led to deadening dialog like "That's what I was trying to tell you!" At least, I hope these lines were improvised. If they came from screenwriter Stuart Blumberg (a first-time film writer whose previous credits include Mad TV ), the producers should have exorcised them. Improvisation works when Woody Allen does it, but Norton's no Wood-man. Yet. The film does feature Woody-worthy cameos, though, by top-flight actors including Holland Taylor (who won an Emmy playing spooky Judge Kittleson on The Practice ), Eli Wallach ( The Magnificent Seven , The Associate , and so many more films), Ron Rifkin ( L.A. Confidential , Tony winner for Cabaret ), Milos Forman (director of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest , Amadeus and Man on the Moon ), and Donna Hanover (first lady of New York City). I suppose this is the truest testament to Norton's astonishing rise in Hollywood. For all its levity, the film touches on some large issues, like tradition versus evolution in Judaism. At one point Wallach, as the head rabbi, tells Jake, "Tradition is not old habit. It's comforting to people." But others might argue that Jake's breaking of convention leads to full, energetic synagogues that are far better than empty, moribund ones. Then there's the question of love, namely, what to do when the love of one's life is inappropriate. Can a rabbi marry a non-Jewish woman and keep his job? Should a priest shed his vows if he finds the right girl? Should a woman leave a successful career for a guy she loves? To put it as the sages might have: "What would you do?" Keeping the Faith opens 14 April 2000. Directed by Edward Norton. Written by Stuart Blumberg. Cast: Edward Norton, Ben Stiller, Jenna Elfman, Anne Bancroft, Milos Forman, Ron Rifkin, Holland Taylor, Eli Wallach, Ken Leung, Rena Sofer, Lisa Edelstein. Rated PG-13. Aramaic for "all vows," the opening words and name of the first prayer that begins the evening service on Yom Kippur. Kol Nidre has come to refer to the name of the evening service itself. Derived from the Greek word for "assembly," a Jewish house of prayer. Synagogue refers to both the room where prayer services are held and the building where it occurs. In Yiddish, "shul." Reform synagogues are often called "temple." Yiddish for "skullcap," also known in Hebrew as a "kippah," the small, circular headcovering worn by male Jews in most synagogues, and female Jews in more liberal congregations. Traditional Jews were kippot (plural of kippah) all the time. The Jewish Sabbath, from sunset on Friday to nightfall on Saturday. Reform synagogues are often called "temple." "The Temple" refers to either the First Temple, built by King Solomon in 957 BCE in Jerusalem, or the Second Temple, which replaced the First Temple and stood on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem from 516 BCE to 70 CE. Hebrew for "my master," the term refers to a spiritual leader and teacher of Torah. Often, but not always, a rabbi is the leader of a synagogue congregation. Hebrew for "scribe," someone who is trained in writing Torahs and other Jewish religious scrolls and texts. Yiddish for "synagogue." Andrew Bender is a Los Angeles-based writer who specializes in culture, travel and restaurants. He frequently contributes to The Los Angeles Times and Conde Nast Traveler . He also is a sometime screenwriter.  Related Resources Request a Rabbi or Cantor! Looking for a rabbi or cantor to officiate at a wedding or other life cycle event? Our free referral service can help. Officiation Request Form Find out what's new! Subscribe to the InterfaithFamily bi-weekly email Newsletter Make a donation! As a non-profit organization, we depend on tax-deductible charitable contributions to enable us to do our work.  Follow Us: facebook twitter About IFF For Press Contact Us Store Copyright  2012 InterfaithFamily.com, Inc. Privacy Policy 