  Crushable The Gloss The Grindstone Mommyish Blisstree Gurl Whats New Entertainment Style Relationships Other Stuff Subscribe  Search Featured Pee Wee Herman And 8 Other Stars Who’ve Had Sexual Brushes With The Law Leave a Comment | Share a Tip Selena Says Taylor Is Good For Her And Were Like Sorry About My Arm Shut The F Up Miley Cyrus Responds To Haters By Showing Part Of Her Butt, So Remember To Send A Thank You The 15 Most Honest Moments On The Real Housewives Of Miami Last Night  What's New Peeta And Katniss Put Their Fakelationship On Display In This Hawt New Catching Fire GIF 41 mins ago by Jenni Maier No Comments » Share a Tip Someone call Gossip Cop because Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark went from couple to couple in District 12 and stole alllll their sexual chemistry for this sizzling hot Catching Fire GIF. More  Heres The Trailer For The Movie Matthew McConaughey Lost All That Weight For 44 mins ago by Alexis Rhiannon No Comments » Share a Tip After all those many months of looking like a hungry goblin, Matthew McConaughey has finally found his way to a cheeseburger, and we have finally found our way to the first teaser trailer for Dallas Buyers Club , the movie he lost all that weight for in the first place. Enjoy. More  Love, Laugh, Links: Eminem Calls Khloe Kardashian Fugly, Or Just Plain Ugly • The worst rap scenes in movie history. Yeah these are pretty terrible and also hilarious. ( Next Movie ) •  Are you ready for fall? More importantly, are you up-to-date on all the fall trends?( Refinery 29 ) • If you partake in these activities, you most likely will not stay in your current relationship. So beware! ( Your Tango ) • I too would offer bribes or a lifetime of friendship if they smuggled me into a room with One Direction . ( The Stir ) • Its normal to be scared of the dark and spiders. No need to be embarrassed if you are afraid of these things! ( Gurl ) • No Shave November for Gals? Umm, what does that even mean? ( The Frisky ) • Woah, wait a minute, did Eminem really just say that about Khloe Kardashian in his new song? As T-Swizzle would put it: Shut the F up, Marshall. ( Celeb Dirty Laundry ) •  Well in unsurprising news,  Lamar Odom wont be signed again to the Clippers  because of drug abuse. ( Hollywood Hiccups ) •  Well, theres one person on this massive planet we call earth that is defending Miley Cyrus . Heres why. ( Flavorwire ) (Photo: Joel Ginsburg/WENN.com) Demi Lovato Will Play Santanas Lesbian Love Interest On Glee , So Buckle Up 2 hours ago by Alexis Rhiannon No Comments » Share a Tip We just got used to the idea that Demi Lovato was doing a guest-starring role on Glee , and now it turns out shes playing Naya Rivera s character Santanas lesbian love interest? Where do I sign? More  One Directions Funny Response To Taylor Swifts Diss Solidifies My New Obsession With Them 2 hours ago by Jill O’Rourke 1 Comment » Share a Tip The thing that attracts me to these five lads is that they appear to really enjoy each others company, and on top of that they dont take themselves too seriously. Thats why the bands response to Taylor Swifts maybe-diss of Harry Styles at the VMAs officially solidifies my interest in them. More  The 15 Most Honest Moments On The Real Housewives Of Miami Last Night 3 hours ago by Alexis Rhiannon No Comments » Share a Tip I get that the whole point of The Real Housewives Of Miami is to encourage these ladies toward fabricating drama, and Ill be bamboozled if I dont really enjoy watching it. But when I enjoy watching even more are those precious moments where something real and honest slips through  a nugget of truth that a Housewife maybe didnt even realize she said. Those are worth wading through a whole hour of fake drama to find. More  Selena Says Taylor Is Good For Her And Were Like Sorry About My Arm Shut The F Up 3 hours ago by Jenni Maier 4 Comments » Share a Tip While were still working with Scooter Brauns voicemail to set up an intervention for Justin Biebers pants, were now thinking it might be time to schedule one for Selena Gomez too. More  Pee Wee Herman And 8 Other Stars Who’ve Had Sexual Brushes With The Law 4 hours ago by Alexis Rhiannon No Comments » Share a Tip Its always such a shock when a celebrity gets in trouble with the law, but when its for something sexual, its even weirder. We have such a specific idea about who these famous people are, that any deviation from that is really confusing and fascinating at the least, and disturbing and devastating at worst. To me, at least. So today, in honor of Paul Reubens  birthday and my crappy attitude, lets just go all out and discuss his sexual brush with the law, and nine other celebrities who have found themselves in similarly compromising legal situations. More  Favorite Celeb Look Of The Week 4 hours ago by Crushable Staff 1 Comment » Share a Tip So, Ive been frantically searching for the next girl celeb I plan on stalking this week, and when I say stalk, I mean try to do voodoo magic to become her. Ive chosen Kat Graham for many reasons including the fact that  More  What We're Reading: Kourtney Kardashian's Ex Claims He Is Mason's Father And Demands Paternity Test Source: Celeb Dirty Laundry Stars That Have Been Caught Posing Naked Source: YourTango Vampire Diaries Stars Ian Somerhalder & Nina Dobrev Are At War Source: Hollywood Hiccups Bruce Jenner Demands Divorce After Kris Jenner Caught Nude With Old Lover Source: Celeb Dirty Laundry Farrah Abraham Shoots Topless On The Beach Source: The Frisky This Lovely Bunheads Farewell Dance Reminds Me What A Shame It Is That Its Canceled 5 hours ago by Jill O’Rourke No Comments » Share a Tip One of the biggest reasons I had for loving this show was its production of beautiful and complex dance numbers. Thats why this farewell video from creator Amy Sherman-Palladino and the cast is so bittersweet. It beautifully captures what made those dance sequences so perfect while reminding us that we wont get a chance to see anymore of them. More  Crush Links: Miley Cyrus Has Pissed Off Our Parents • I think after seeing Jared Leto appear on the VMAs out of absolutely nowhere, Id love to ask him these questions too! ( The Frisky ) • Check out these photographs of landscapes and famous buildings reflected in sunglass lenses! ( Flavorwire ) • Parents Television Council aint too happy about Miley Cyrus   MTV VMA performance and  same goes for teddy bears everywhere. ( Celebuzz ) • Eminem has a new song called Berzerk. So everyone listen up here! ( Have U Heard ) • We will not miss these things about summer, besides the excuse to eat ice cream three times a day because its hot outside. ( The Stir ) • There appears to be royal family drama between Camilla Parker-Bowles and Kate Middletons mum because of course. ( Celeb Dirty Laundry ) • Riley Keoughs  mom aint too crazy about her daughters boyfriend, Alex Pettyfer . Four words to explain why: I Am Number Four . ( Hollywood Hiccups ) • Even Brooke Shields is weighing in on Miley Cyrus MTV VMA performance. See what Brooke called Miley! (Spoiler: Its nicer than what I said) ( Have U Heard ) • If you want to be absolutely terrified check out the trailer for American Horror Story: Coven . ( ET Online ) • Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel head out to dinner after NSYNC decided to reunite long enough to sing one note together and make us depressed. ( Lainey Gossip ) (Photo: Andres Otero/WENN.com) Chris Kirkpatrick Says Sad Things About *NSYNC, Doesnt Mention The Rain Cloud Thats Following Him Around 5 hours ago by Jenni Maier 3 Comments » Share a Tip The only sadder than the length of the incredibly hyped *NSYNC reunion at the 2013 VMAs is Chris Kirkpatrick. Dudes walking around town with a rain cloud over his head and nothing but his memories of the 90s to protect him. More  Miley Cyrus Responds To Haters By Showing Part Of Her Butt, So Remember To Send A Thank You 6 hours ago by Jill O’Rourke 5 Comments » Share a Tip If you can believe it, its only been two days since Miley Cyrus made our eyeballs hate us with her VMAs performance. I dont know about you, but when the VMAs were over Sunday night, my eyeballs were all, Im very angry with you. Id like you to sleep on the couch tonight. Well talk in the morning. So lucky me when I saw Mileys response to the whole controversy. More  Tina And Amy Asked To Host The Golden Globes Again, Definitive Proof That God Answers Prayers 7 hours ago by Jenni Maier 1 Comment » Share a Tip In news so exciting that I just chest-bumped one million angels, The Golden Globes have (finally) asked Tina Fey and Amy Poehler to host again. More  Click for more posts Stalk Us Facebook Twitter Tumblr YouTube Pinterest Subscribe Get Crushable's top stories every morning Name: Email:  Going Viral  Sitemap About Advertise Editorial Team Contact Privacy Policy California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Crushable The Gloss The Grindstone Mommyish Blisstree Gurl  PubMatic Universal Pixel tag (Javascript)http://crushable.com Share a Tip Your Name E-mail Address or Cancel 