  Continue Reading Advertisement You will be redirected to the page you want to view in seconds. JOBS CARS HOMES APARTMENTS CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD SHOPPING Hi, My account Newsletters Log out Log in Subscribe Activate E-Newspaper Help Subscriber Solutions Advertising Solutions Reader Solutions Contact Us About C-J Media Jobs at the C-J News Sports Business Features Entertainment Opinion Metromix Obituaries Neighborhoods Indiana News Nation & World Databases Kentuckiana Green Education Traffic Special Reports LATEST HEADLINES Dump truck driver runs light, kills other driver The driver of a dump truck on LaGrange Road ran a red light near the Interstate 265 interchange... - 2:54 pm Traffic blocking three lanes of Interstate 264 East An accident is blocking three lanes of Interstate 264 East at the Breckinridge Lane exit, according... - 1:31 pm Investigator testifies in David Camm murder trial Indiana State Police investigator Sam Sarkisian, a former co-worker of David Camm's, took the stand... - 12:18 pm UofL Championship Scores & Stats Horse Racing Recruiting U of L Cardinals UK Wildcats IU Hoosiers Blogs & Columns Kentucky Highs Indiana Highs LATEST HEADLINES Former Wildcat Wayne Turner joins Rick Pitino's Louisville basketball staff Former University of Kentucky point guard Wayne Turner will look to launch a coaching career thanks... - 3:53 pm Louisville's Charlyn Corrall named American Conference's top offensive player in women's soccer Louisville senior forward Charlyn Corral was named the first American Conference Women's Soccer... - 3:46 pm Bats speedster Billy Hamilton named to an International League Postseason All-Star Louisville Bats center fielder Billy Hamilton has been named a 2013 International League Postseason... - 2:24 pm Money & Markets Business People Moneyline Property Transfers Gas Prices Auto loans Credit cards Home equity Mortgage rates LATEST HEADLINES University of Louisville meets with attorney general, state officials on Kosair Children's Hospital dispute Attorney General Jack Conway confirmed Monday that he met with representatives from the University... - 7:12 pm Bridge tolls to be revealed next week; low-income impact study delayed The toll rates for the Ohio River Bridges Project are to be revealed at a meeting next week,... - 6:12 pm Study: Some Kentucky farmers could profit from hemp, but few new jobs seen A new University of Kentucky study on the economic feasibility of hemp says the currently illegal... - 8:01 pm Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Scene Her Scene Magazine Travel Kentuckiana Pets Derby Fashion Books Comics LATEST HEADLINES Punchlines: An odd thing happened on the way to Washington Well, it didn't exactly happen on the way to Washington, but it did happen on the weekend he went... - 9:31 am Tuesday's TV talk show lineup 8 a.m. (MY) Dr. Phil 'Missing or Murdered: Where is 15-Year-Old Erica?' (New) - 5:42 pm 'Double Divas' gives goat in Henry County a lift With most ladies of a certain age, gravity takes its toll. - 4:24 pm Metromix The Buzz Dining Television Movies Arts Music Events Goof Off Blogs & Columns LATEST HEADLINES The Buzz | Miley Cyrus moves on from VMAs performance with new, racy photos While talking heads are still busy chattering and social media is abuzz regarding Miley Cyrus' racy... - 3:30 pm Movie Review | 'Closed Circuit' comes up short A terrorist attack, a murderous cover-up, a highly publicized trial and two lawyers Â former lovers... - 12:54 pm The Buzz | Madonna is Forbes' biggest moneymaker The Material Girl is still a moneymaker. - 3:03 pm Editorials Cartoons Reader Letters Columnists Op-Ed C-J Blogs 502 Blogs LATEST HEADLINES Marc Murphy | On second thought ... - 9:58 am Gerard Rabalais | University of Louisville still committed to serving children's needs It is important for the public to fully understand what is happening at Kosair Children's Hospital... - 5:38 pm Emma McElvaney Talbott | Making history at The March on Washington An open letter to my grandchildren on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the March on... - 5:37 pm Restaurants Bars & Clubs Events Music Movies & TV Showclock Photo Galleries Deals Search obituaries Guest Books FEATURED: State Fair Photos Video A Better Life In the Prime DealChicken  Search Search in News Archives Local Deals Yellow Pages  ADVERTISEMENT Entertainment sponsored by  Top News Most Popular The Buzz | Miley Cyrus moves on from VMAs performance with new, racy photos 3:30 PM While talking heads are still busy chattering and social media is abuzz regarding Miley Cyrus' racy MTV Video Music Awards performance on Sunday night, the star is clearly moving on. Movie Review | 'Closed Circuit' comes up short 12:54 PM Punchlines: An odd thing happened on the way to Washington 9:31 AM Tuesday's TV talk show lineup Aug. 26, 2013 Tune In | Big Sean, Goodie Mob drop new releases Aug. 26, 2013 The Buzz | Madonna is Forbes' biggest moneymaker Aug. 26, 2013 The Buzz | Twitter is abuzz with talk about Miley Cyrus' VMAs performance Aug. 26, 2013 The Buzz | Miley Cyrus, Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga vie for attention at MTV VMAs Aug. 26, 2013 Monday's TV talk show lineup Aug. 25, 2013 Five faces to watch for on TV this fall Aug. 25, 2013  The Buzz & Blogs SEE MORE COLUMNS | BLOGS The Buzz | Miley Cyrus moves on from VMAs performance with new, racy photos 3:30 PM, Aug. 27, 2013 While talking heads are still busy chattering and social media is abuzz regarding Miley Cyrus' racy MTV Video Music Awards performance on Sunday   Grant boosts cancer research at Kosair Health Bytes Vinyl in the Installation Art at 21c Museum Hotel Louisville Arts Bureau Pick up your Kentucky State Fair entries tonight, Monday Talking Dirt LATEST CELEBRITY / ENTERTAINMENT VIDEOS Matthew Morrison and Fiance Waiting to Get Married RAW VIDEO: Final Preparations for 70th Venice F... Miley Cyrus' racy new photos: How did we get here? Ricky Martin Admits to Bullying Gay Men as Form... MORE: The Buzz | Velocity | Metromix Metromix SEE MORE Metromix State Fair music guide Aug. 13, 2013 When and where you'll find your favorite bands at the 2013 Kentucky State Fair. The Magnetic Zeros at Iroquois Amphitheater Brew at the Zoo Tengo Sed Cantina's Back to School Bash Review | DittoÂs Grill keeps offerings updated and global SEE MORE Metromix MORE: Restaurants , Bars  Clubs , Movies , Music Entertainment news from the wire from USA TODAY and Associated Press Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs "Don't try that with me," Gomez told a reporter. Katy Perry 'Roars' at MTV VMA show Taylor Swift gets in a dig at Harry Styles James Franco takes the heat at celebrity roast Ireland Baldwin welcomes baby into 'crazy family' Early Buzz: Courtney Love, Skyler haters and more news MTV VMAs: The winners and nominees Movies SEE MORE Movies Movie Review | 'Closed Circuit' comes up short 12:54 PM A terrorist attack, a murderous cover-up, a highly publicized trial and two lawyers Â former lovers Â forced to stay apart during the proceedings Ben Affleck to play Batman in 'Man of Steel' sequel Movie review | 'World's End' Movie review | Woody Allen delivers again with 'Blue Jasmine' Movie review | 'The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones' SEE MORE Movies MORE: Daily Showclock Movie Times | Sneak Previews: View Movie Trailers Music SEE MORE Music Tune In | Big Sean, Goodie Mob drop new releases Aug. 26, 2013 It's a bustling week for hip-hop, led off by 'Hall of Fame,' the second album from Big Sean. The Buzz | Miley Cyrus, Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga vie for attention at MTV VMAs The Buzz | Bon Jovi might say bye-bye to guitarist Richie Sambora Linda Ronstadt tells AARP she has Parkinson's disease Top 10 Aerosmith songs on Vintage Vinyl webcast SEE MORE Music MORE: Music Critic Jeffrey Lee Puckett's Blog Dining SEE MORE Dining Restaurant review | Ditto's Grill keeps offerings updated and global Aug. 22, 2013 Even after more than two decades in operation, Ditto's Grill still manages to surprise me every time I walk through the door. Louisville Restaurant News | Asiatique dinner to explore 'Not all whiskey is bourbon' Louisville Restaurant News | 610 Magnolia dinner pits beer against wine Louisville Restaurant News | Harvest to host 'Vegetable Literacy' author for dinner Calendar | Dining SEE MORE Dining MORE: Dining Directory | Dining Discussion Forum | C-J Dining Letter Arts & Leisure SEE MORE Arts & Leisure Sellersburg art show visitors say it's among the best Aug. 25, 2013 The show began in 1990 with only 12 artists. It has since grown into one of the most prestigious events in the region, rivaling even Louisville's St.  Immersive installation at 21c is a real hotel room in which guests can stay Indiana model train show attracts kids at heart Artists in exhibit racked up the most views of daily Artebella emails Julie Harris, Broadway star, dies at 87 SEE MORE Arts & Leisure MORE: Elizabeth Kramer | 2011 Arts Calendar | Arts Insider Television & Radio SEE MORE Television & Radio Punchlines: An odd thing happened on the way to Washington 9:31 AM Well, it didn't exactly happen on the way to Washington, but it did happen on the weekend he went to Washington. Anthony Weiner, who is still in the  Tuesday's TV talk show lineup Tune In | Big Sean, Goodie Mob drop new releases Monday's TV talk show lineup Five faces to watch for on TV this fall SEE MORE Television & Radio MORE: Complete TV Listings Books SEE MORE Books My Routine | Susan Reigler, bourbon writer Aug. 23, 2013 As a former restaurant critic and features reporter for The Courier-Journal, Susan Reigler frequently covered the bourbon industry and its colorful  Book review | 'The Summer of Beer and Whiskey' Book review | 'Butter in the Morning' Book review | 'The Peripatetic Coffin' What's hot in books (08/23/2013) SEE MORE Books MORE: Sunday Serial Short Stories | Book Editor's Blog | Book Discussion Forum VELOCITY VelocitySEE MORE Velocity | MetromixSEE MORE VelocityMORE:Loveville column, Debby Herbenick's blog | Metromix Other Entertainment headlines Calendar | Family-friendly events Aug. 22, 2013 Falls of the Ohio State Park Earth Discovery Day. Calendar | On the town Calendar | Family-friendly events Calendar | On the town Louisville comedian Raanan Hershberg recalls films of his youth in one-man show  Features 'Double Divas' gives goat in Henry County a lift With most ladies of a certain age, gravity takes its toll. Things Â well Â lengthen and are not as perky and firm as they once were.... 4:24 PM, Aug. 26, 2013 In the Prime: Health In the Prime Norton Healthcare Crestwood Is a gluten-free diet right for you? It depends on what ails you Alyssa Yegge tried a gluten-free diet 'on a whim' about eight years ago, after learning her younger cousin had Celiac disease, a condition in which gluten damages the small intestine.... 2:10 PM, Aug. 26, 2013 Buzz: Christa Ritchie Columnists The Buzz | Miley Cyrus moves on from VMAs performance with new, racy photos While talking heads are still busy chattering and social media is abuzz regarding Miley Cyrus' racy MTV Video Music Awards performance on Sunday night, the star is clearly moving on.... 3:30 PM, Aug. 27, 2013 In the Prime: Food In the Prime Burger King to sell 360-calorie 'French Fry Burger' for $1 NEW YORK (AP) Â Burger King says it will start offering a 'French Fry Burger' for a buck, as it looks to fend off McDonald's aggressive push for its Dollar Menu.... 1:14 PM, Aug. 27, 2013 TV/Radio Features Punchlines: An odd thing happened on the way to Washington Well, it didn't exactly happen on the way to Washington, but it did happen on the weekend he went to Washington. Anthony Weiner, who is still in the race for New York City mayor despite one comedian calling his campaign a train wreck, was involved in a... 9:31 AM, Aug. 27, 2013 Buzz: Christa Ritchie Columnists The Buzz | Twitter is abuzz with talk about Miley Cyrus' VMAs performance Move over, Lady Gaga. This year Miley Cyrus walks away with the shock-and-awe award at the MTV VMA Awards.... 2:01 PM, Aug. 26, 2013 The Buzz Columnists The Buzz | Miley Cyrus, Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga vie for attention at MTV VMAs NEW YORK Â Miley Cyrus became the rare artist to upstage Lady Gaga, but a vengeful Taylor Swift managed to take the spotlight from both during the MTV Video Music Awards.... 8:51 AM, Aug. 26, 2013 Buzz: Others Columnists The Buzz | No. 1 movie 'The Butler' not allowed in Elizabethtown theater An Elizabethtown, Ky., movie theater is refusing to show the nation's No. 1 movie, 'The Butler,' because the owner is not a fan of Jane Fonda because of her statements and demonstrations many years ago against the Vietnam War.... 2:38 PM, Aug. 25, 2013 In the Prime: Insurance In the Prime What is Kynect? Q: What is Kynect?... 2:03 PM, Aug. 26, 2013 Features Kellan Lutz of 'Twilight' unveils new fashion line What's a hulking vampire to do without moody mortals in distress and with no more computer-enhanced battles to wage in the forest?... 3:35 PM, Aug. 26, 2013 Better Life: Education Better Life Colleges toughen up on student borrowing So far, the speakers at new-student orientation at New River Community and Technical College in Lewisburg, West Virginia, on this afternoon had been upbeat and supportive. Then came financial aid director Trish Harmon. The tone darkened.... 11:55 AM, Aug. 26, 2013 In the Prime: Health In the Prime Precautions urged as toxic algae found in fourth Kentucky lake Maybe it was a coincidence that Joshua Hewett-Ball became violently ill just hours after swimming last weekend in Rough River Lake Â where lake-goers are being warned about harmful algae blooms.... 4:01 AM, Aug. 1, 2013 In the Prime: Fitness In the Prime Health coaches help clients set goals to improve well being While the relationship may include leading the client through workouts, health coaches also help people figure out what has kept them from succeeding.While the relationship may include leading the client through workouts, health coaches also help... 2:14 AM, Aug. 22, 2013 Features 'Double Divas' gives goat in Henry County a lift With most ladies of a certain age, gravity takes its toll. Things Â well Â lengthen and are not as perky and firm as they once were.... 4:24 PM, Aug. 26, 2013 In the Prime: Health In the Prime Norton Healthcare Kosair Children's Hospital, University of Kentucky form partnership Kentucky's two children's hospitals are joining forces in a partnership that aims to provide better care, position the hospitals for health care reform and attract a broader base of patients who might otherwise go to larger hospitals in the region.... 7:51 PM, Aug. 22, 2013 Better Life: Jobs Better Life Ford hiring at Kentucky Truck plant in Louisville Ford Motor Co. is hiring factory workers at its Kentucky Truck plant in Louisville. Applications for posts paying $15.78 per hour are available downtown at 600 West Cedar at the Kentucky Career Center, the new name for the state unemployment office.... 2:17 AM, Aug. 10, 2013 Features Retro Wrench gets vintage motorcycles up and running Â and looking good At the back of Retro Wrench, a new motorcycle shop, Brad White applied plastic filler to a slightly banged-up tank from a 1950s Vincent Black Shadow.... 2:44 PM, Aug. 25, 2013 Better Life: Jobs Better Life Shelbyville Road Metro Council Major shopping centers planned for Middletown, Jefferson Mall area A Tennessee company plans to develop two open-air shopping centers in Jefferson County, one on Shelbyville Road at the Gene Snyder Freeway and the other directly east of the Jefferson Mall.... 3:27 AM, Aug. 16, 2013 Features Monday's TV talk show lineup 9 a.m. (CBS) Anderson Live Amazing stories caught on tape, including thieves, skydivers and screaming dogs; 'Chopped' host Ted Allen; comedian Judy Gold co-hosts.... 2:55 PM, Aug. 25, 2013 Kentucky State Fair Freedom Hall Grand Champions crowned at World's Championship Horse Show The Fine Harness and Three-Gaited World's Grand Championships were among the titles decided Saturday night at the World's Championship Horse Show at Freedom Hall.... 5:14 AM, Aug. 25, 2013 Louisville, Kentucky  Southern Indiana ADVERTISEMENT Louisville Metromix State Fair music guide Bars & Clubs FIND: Restaurants | Bars  Clubs | Movies | Music See all Events Things To Do Tue 27 Wed 28 Thu 29 Fri 30 Sat 31 Sun 1 Mon 2   Quick links  Metromix for the iPhone  Restaurant reviews  Metromix newsletter  Concert calendar  Dining events  Celebrity news ADVERTISEMENT  Don't Miss MORE OSCARS Watch Jennifer Lawrence videos  Arts Preview Your guide to Louisville's arts scene  Nightlife Dining guide and restaurant reviews Showclock Area movie listings and schedules TV Tonight Build a TV schedule just for you Talking Music Miss an episode of Talking Music? Find them MORE  See all Photos Photo Galleries Pink tie Ball Retro Wrench motorcycles Phenom: Floral jewelry Stylemaker: Barbara Partlow Stylemaker: Eeta Sachon Phenom: Planners Follow us anywhere SUBSCRIBE TWITTER FACEBOOK MOBILE RSS EMAIL Sign up for daily delivery! View today's print edition of The Courier-Journal!  Buy  Sell JOBS CARS APARTMENTS HOMES Find a job Post resume Tools and advice For employers  Archives Last seven days Yesterday, Aug. 26 Sunday, Aug. 25 Saturday, Aug. 24 Friday, Aug. 23 Thursday, Aug. 22 Wednesday, Aug. 21 Tuesday, Aug. 20  30-day archive  Full archive Welcome to Louisville Hello, visitors, guests and newcomers. Louisville is a great place to live, work, play  and celebrate.  Check out our guide to the area. Subscribe Where to buy Subscribe Courier-Journal Datacenter Find government salaries, crimes, test scores, and more at the Courier-Journal Datacenter. Politics Jefferson County precinct results Government salaries Law Enforcement Crime reports Jefferson County homicide victims Education University of Louisville donations Local Deals Flip, shop and save on specials from your favorite retailers in Louisville. This week's deals Weekly Deals Local Coupons Email deals Grocery Coupons Investigations with Impact: The heart of The Courier-Journal mission is public service journalism. Daily, we print and put online the watchdog stories that significantly affect you. See our previous reports : Select a special report Sobering results Caring for concussions Kentucky's broken tax code Fire districts' troubled horizon The face of a serial killer? Deadly tornadoes Overcoming Infertility Changes at MSD Status offenders Olmsted Dam project Sherman Minton Bridge closure 9-11: Ten Years Later Louisville's vacant-property problem Wounds of War Metro Council discretionary funding Civil War in Kentucky Prescription for Tragedy Preying on seniors Jobs for the future Inside KFC Yum! Center Obesity surgery: A weighty decision Black coaches making their mark Behind the bars at Otter Creek Jockey safety is no sure bet The Legacy of Ann Gotlib Officer's cases riddled with dismissals Children in Crisis Domestic violence in Kentucky Kentucky's death-penalty system Trial by fire Medical breakthroughs Troubles at Park DuValle Football player's death Officer absent, case dismissed Family services audit U of L Foundation Road contractor U of L professor Soldier's murder case Cervical cancer vaccine The storms Middle-class insurance Tragedy on the track Education commissioner Greg Page Shock probation Black lung Troubled towers Crash of Comair 5191 Punishment doesn't fit crime Well deals cost investors A hoax most cruel Busing's legacy FOLLOW US ON TWITTER  FACEBOOK Get the latest Courier-Journal headlines on facebook and Twitter! Most Popular 'Double Divas' gives goat in Henry County a lift Louisville football's Lorenzo Mauldin 'alert and responsive' after hit-and-run moped accident Tuesday Louisville football's Lorenzo Mauldin 'alert and responsive' after hit-and-run moped accident Tuesday WKU football | It's Bobby Petrino time for the Hilltoppers John Yarmuth | Health care law's foes seek to prevent participation Ballard's Quentin Snider adds scholarship offer from Michigan State to growing list Tim Sullivan | Louisville football looks to fill in the gaps on defense this year  Subscribe today for full access Current subscriber? Activate your account Reset your password Enter your email and we will send you a link to reset your password. Email Reset my password Cancel OK Resend Email Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211 Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. Email Employee Account Password Forgot your password ? Log in Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211or Chat now Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. Email Employee Account Password Forgot your password ? Log in Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211or Chat now Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211 We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access. Become a subscriber today to enjoy these benefits: Unlimited access to our Web site iPad-optimized edition Mobile site  iPhone app View subscription options Log in Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now. You now have full access. Thank you for subscribing. View articles, videos, galleries and more  24/7 Access the tablet-optimized site, mobile site and iPhone app Share your access with any friend or family member Subscriber exclusive Top 5 daily email newsletter You will automatically receive the courier-journal.com Top 5 daily email newsletter. If you don't want to receive this newsletter, you can change your newsletter selections in your account preferences. Continue  Register Create an account or if you have a digital profile log in . Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now.  Name Gender Select Female Male Birth year Zip code Email Password (5-30 characters, no spaces. Letters and numbers only.) Create my account Keep me signed in on this computer (Does not apply to Facebook logins) or Learn more about Login with Facebook Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211or Chat now Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service , Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights , and Ad Choices You must have browser cookies enabled to view our site. It's possible that your browser cookies are turned off. Read our FAQ page to find out how to enable cookies in your browser. Account issue We're sorry, your shared access privileges have been removed by the subscriber. You can still look at a limited number of articles per month. Subscribe now Continue reading Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211 Account issue We're sorry, this account no longer has full access. You can still look at a limited number of articles per month. View my account Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211 Your trial period has expired Become a subscriber today to continue enjoying all of the products The Courier-Journal has to offer View subscription options Learn more Need help? Call 1-800-866-2211 Flash is required to continue To continue using your current Web browser, Adobe Flash must be installed or upgraded: Download Adobe Flash Player Or you can download any of the following supported modern browsers: Firefox Chrome Safari  ADVERTISEMENT Site Map | Back to Top NEWS Neighborhoods Indiana News Nation & World Databases Kentuckiana Green Education Traffic Special Reports ENTERTAINMENT Metromix The Buzz Dining Television Movies Arts Music Events Goof Off Blogs & Columns SPORTS UofL Championship Scores & Stats Horse Racing Recruiting U of L Cardinals UK Wildcats IU Hoosiers Blogs & Columns Kentucky Highs Indiana Highs OPINION Editorials Cartoons Reader Letters Columnists Op-Ed C-J Blogs 502 Blogs BUSINESS Money & Markets Business People Moneyline Property Transfers Gas Prices Auto loans Credit cards Home equity Mortgage rates METROMIX Restaurants Bars & Clubs Events Music Movies & TV Showclock Photo Galleries Deals FEATURES Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Scene Her Scene Magazine Travel Kentuckiana Pets Derby Fashion Books Comics OBITUARIES Search obituaries Guest Books HELP Subscriber Solutions Advertising Solutions Reader Solutions Contact Us About C-J Media Jobs at the C-J FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Mobile RSS E-mail Alerts  News | Jobs | Cars for Sale | Homes for Sale | Apartments for Rent | Real Estate | Shopping Copyright  2013 www.courier-journal.com. All rights reserved. Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service , Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights , and Ad Choices 