 AUTOMOTIVE TRAINING CENTER Specializing Exclusively in Technician Training for the Automotive and Marine Service Industries Home Programs  Courses Automotive Diesel Hi-Performance Collision Marine Service Pennsylvania State Inspection  Emission Certification Courses Consumer Information Gainful Employment Disclosure Net Price Calculator Student Lending Code of Conduct Textbook Pricing Information Campus Locations Warminster, PA Exton, PA Travel Directions About Us History Facilities  Equipment Mission  Goals Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's) School Approvals  Awards Admissions Financial Aid (For Those Who Qualify) Overview Scholarships - High School Seniors Scholarships - Military Career Services Overview Employers Who Have Hired ATC Graduates Employers Hire an ATC Graduate Employer Registration Form ATC Blog Contact Us Request More Information Enrollment Application Event Registration Employment Opportunities with ATC Employer Registration Travel Directions    Follow ATC       Automotive Diesel Hi-Performance Collision Marine Service NEWS  EVENTS Register Now for the Scholarship Competition for 2014 Graduates Automotive Training Center (ATC) will once again host its Annual Scholarship Competition for High School Seniors. There are two test dates, one for each of ATC's campuses. Read More... ATC Announces the 2013 Scholarship Recipients for the Warminster & Exton Campuses The Automotive Training Center is pleased to announce the 2013 1st place winners of the annual High School Senior Scholarship Program. Christopher Lynn is the winner of the 2013 Independent Exton Scholarship and the winner of the 2013 Independent Warminster Scholarship is Keegan Kreinakker. Read More... INDUSTRY ALLIANCES COMPREHENSIVE, HANDS-ON TRAINING IS ATC'S APPROACH Hours of Operation Mon-Thurs: 9am-8pm Friday: 8am-4:30pm Saturday: 9am-4:30pm Sunday: Closed What Starts Your Engine? Whether you drive one of the meanest rides on the road or are pushing a tired-looking beater, we all dream of being behind the wheel of something better. If you love cars and want to take the wheel of your future today, look no further than ATC! Where does your passion lie? Our auto training school offers car repair training courses in automotive technology, diesel & hi-performance engines, collision repair, marine service, and more. Want to learn alongside seasoned pros on industry-leading equipment? Want to earn an education and work on your own car in our leading edge garage facilities? Ready to learn how to take your love of paint, graphics, custom parts and roaring engines to the next level? We're waiting at the starting line, so contact us today! EXTON, PA: 888-321-8992  WARMINSTER, PA: 888-881-8140 Designed by Stream Companies All pictures were taken at Automotive Training Center's facilities, either the main school in Exton or the campus in Warminster, PA, (unless otherwise noted) and are representative of the types of equipment and training aids that are used at either campus. *Marine Service- program offered only at the Warminster, PA campus. The picture of the boat is intended to illustrate one of the many types of boats that a graduate of the marine service technology program may qualify to diagnose and repair. This particular boat is not part of the ATC marine program. 