 Home Page | Customer Reviews | Mobile Electronics |  Car Interiors Auto Upholstery Convertible  Vinyl Tops | Car  Truck Customizing | Directions  (973) 527-3464 5 Allen Street Netcong, NJ 07857 info@njautointeriors.com    Auto Upholstery Custom Auto Interior Designs  Convertible  Vinyl Tops Car Audio  Mobile Video GPS Navigation  Tracking iPod, iPhone, MP3 Bluetooth Car Alarm Security System Remote Starters Radar Detectors    HOME PAGE  VISIT OUR FACEBOOK PAGE  VISIT OUR YOU TUBE PAGE  VISIT OUR BLOG  VISIT OUR TWITTER PAGE  CUSTOM CAR, PERFORMANCE  TUNING  AERO KIT ETC.   AUTO BODY COLLISION  DIRECTIONS  NJ Car  Truck Shows  NJ Car  Truck Clubs  MakeoveR CUSTOM CAMARO SS  MakeoveR CUSTOM Mustang  CAREER OPPORTUNITIES  SITE MAP  e are located at the intersection of Highway 46, Route 206 and Interstate 80, (1 hour west of New York City, NY and 30 minutes east of the Delaware Water Gap, Pennsylvania). We service NJ, DE, PA, NY, CT, and the remaining United States and world. We are your best choice for classic car restoration if you live in Long Island, Staten Island, Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens, Manhattan or the Philadelphia area. Click here for driving directions to our shop  Ferrari  Packard  1967 Chevy Impala SS Custom Convertible 1969Corvette in Paint Spray Booth  GO TO TOP   Authorized Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. Mobile Media Solutions Dealer  Installer Interiors, Upholstery, Convertible  Vinyl Tops  Jay Leno Gives NetcongAuto Restorations A Big Thumbs-Up!  Complete Installation and Repairs We are your best choice for the highest quality custom auto upholstery, custom car interiors, convertible and vinyl tops for owners of Antique Collector Show Cars, Custom Cars, Hot Rods, Street Rods, Restomods, Classic Cars, Muscle Cars,Sports Cars, Exotic Supercars as well as late model cars, trucks, motorcycles and boats. Complete Audio/Video Systems For Any Year, Make Or, Model: We provide expert specialized installation and repair service for a wide range of exotics, supercars and luxury vehicles including Aston Martin, Audi, Bentley, BMW, Corvette, Ferrari, Hummer, Jaguar, Lamborghini, Land Rover, Lotus, Maserati, Mercedes-Benz, Porsche, Rolls-Royce, and Viper. We've Added A Brand New State-Of-The-Art Auto Restoration Facility Location In Landing, NJ Due to our rapid growth in classic car, muscle car, Restomod, restoration and custom car projects, we have opened an additional brand new state-of-the- art restoration facility to better serve our expansion of clients.  We have the in-depth experience to assure all installations and repairs are performed with the greatest care and precision.  CUSTOM A UTOMOTIVE DESIGNS AND CREATIONS Custom Paint Jobs, Aero Body Kits, Custom Vehicle Interiors, Custom Upholstery, Complete Mobile Electronics Audio/Video Entertainment Systems Installation, Vinyl Vehicle Wraps, Decals, Truck Lettering and Vehicle Graphics, High Performance Upgrades Click here to learn More  Interiors and Upholstery: * auto interior repair * leather/cloth panel replacement * custom interior design * original matching materials (leather, fabric, vinyl) * seat upholstery repair * door panels repair or replacement * seat upholstery replacement * seat frame repair * headliner repair or replacement * carpet replacement * leather inserts * dash overlays * leather interior upgrades * rear deck tray * commercial fleet truck interiors * recreational vehicles * camper interiors * motorcycle seats  Convertible Tops and Vinyl Tops: *  Complete top replacement * l convertible top repairs * c vinyl convertible tops * o rear window replacement * OEM tops and materials available * replacement hydraulic parts * frame repairs * custom tops * boot covers * tonneau covers  Advanced Systems from the Industry Leader in Radar Detector and Laser Jammer Technology K 40 RL360i: The Next Evolution in Radar Detection and Laser Protection Systems T he K40 RL360i is the only radar and laser protection system in the world that is fully customized for your automobile and the way you drive . The RL360i, when combined with the Laser Defuser g5, provides you with: Four concealed receivers Hundreds of customizable permutations Simply put, it is the most advanced radar and laser protection system on the market today! Also available, the RL200i. A single, concealed, forward facing radar receiving system. The RL200i model comes with the same guarantees as the RL360i. 360º Force Field of Protection The K40 RL360i Radar Detection system,combined with the Laser Defuser g5, gives you totalprotection from every kind of police radar and laser used today.From the front, the rear and the sides, the K40 RL360i is a virtual Force Field of protection. Discreet, Custom Installation Your K40 Remote installed radar systems are installed by a master technician, ensuring that your system not only matches your driving style, but is discreetly and elegantly integrated into your vehicle's cockpit. Car, SUV and Truck Customizing, Auto Interiors, Upholstery, Car Audio/Video Mobile Electronics At its heart, car and truck customizing is about passion: a passion for style, a passion for speed, a passion for the highest quality.  Netcong Auto Restorations is a custom automotive design company specializing in custom paint, custom interiors and upholstery, mobile electronics entertainment systems installation, vinyl vehicle wraps, decals and graphics, illustration and full build-outs of vehicles for private and commercial clients. We bring together the finestdesigns and products to create imaginative, unique and personalized vehicles, that exceed our clients expectations.   Netcong Auto Restorations is an Authorized Alpine Electronics of America, Inc. mobile media solutions dealer and installer.  A lpine Electronics of America, Inc., is the industry-leading manufacturer of high performance mobile electronics, founded in 1978. Alpine is the only manufacturer specializing in mobile multimedia, an integrated system approach incorporating digital entertainment, security and navigation products for your mobile entertainment. As a consolidated subsidiary of Alps Electric Co., Ltd., one of the world's premier manufacturers of electronic components for computer, communications and car electronic equipment, Alpine is the specialized supplier of quality mobile electronics systems. Other brands we sell and install are Pioneer Electronics, Kenwood, K40 Electronics, Focal Speakers and Amplifiers and more. If you prefer a different brand please contact us so we can design and install the system of your dreams. Our Most Popular Alpine Model CDE-HD138BT Advanced Bluetooth® CD/HD Radio Receiver Introducing Alpines fully loaded CD/HD/BT receiver. This unit is packed with technology and service. Enjoy built-in HD Radio® with multi-cast channels, Bluetooth® Plus, iPod® and iPhone® music playback, SiriusXM compatibility, and Pandora® control for Android and BlackBerry®  Allin-one single-DIN receiver.  NE-S920HD DVD/GPS Receiver With a 6.1 WVGA screen, New My Favorites, Easy sound setup, and built-in Bluetooth® wireless technology, the INE-S920HD offers fast-access to your favorite sources, plus entertainment, information, and navigation features that can be tailored to you and your vehicle.  We Sell and Install The Best Vehicle Security and Remote Start Brands More than one million people have joined the Keyless Vehicle Lifestyle Revolution The simple graphical interface gives you control over the following features of your installed Viper remote start or security with remote start system: Lock / Arm Unlock / Disarm Remote Car Starter Trunk Release Panic Aux Channels Now you can use your iPhone , Android or BlackBerry Smartphone handsets to start, lock and unlock your car just by pushing a button on your smartphone. You can also control multiple vehicles  great for families!  and assign more than one user to control a vehicle. It's easy with SmartStart! But, this is only the beginning! Viper SmartStart is loaded with additional features including GPS tracking, SmartSchedule, vehicle status, roadside assistance, home control, parked car finder and m ore.   Netcong Auto Restorations, LLC. 5 ALLEN Street, NETCONG, New Jersey 07857 AND 150 SHIPPENPORT ROAD, LANDING, New Jersey 07850 email : info@netcongautorestorations.com LIC. # 01659 A (973) 527-3464 We service NewJersey, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New York, Connecticut, and the remaining UnitedStates and world. © 2011 Netcong Auto Restorations, LLC. All Rights Reserved 