 Used Car Warranties Extended Warranty Quote Warranty Coverage Car Warranty Prices Used Car Extended Warranty: Certified Is No Substitute - Part 1 Thinking about a used car extended warranty? Nervous about what's under the hood? Used car dealers are feeling your pain all the way to the bank. In an ironic twist, pre-owned vehicle dealers have found a way to profit from their bad reputation. No, they're not just selling overpriced used car extended warranties anymore. They're charging a 10%-25% markup on used cars certified (by them) not to be pieces of junk. The accompanying certified used car warranties in fact usually carry much less protection than the best used car warranties, which you can buy yourself online. Who needs a used car warranty if your vehicle is a certified machine? But even paying 10%-25% more won't eliminate risk. Good extended warranties for used cars are necessary, certified or not. In some cases, a half-hearted inspection means the certification may not be worth the paper it's written on. Used car problems often only appear months or years after purchase. That's why even for mint used cars, used car extended warranties are essential. Worse, certified used cars don't always come with any extended used car warranty coverage. Often, they may come only with partial extended warranty coverage. When a certified used car warranty is included, it usually has much less coverage than a new car warranty. Even most standard pre-owned vehicle extended warranties offer much more protection than most certified used car warranties. You can almost always do better on your own. An independent inspection and a used car extended warranty provide better peace of mind, often at a lower price. Do you want to find out what you should be paying? Get an Auto Warranty Quote online! Certified Used Car Inspection: Used Car Extended Warranties Still Needed The cornerstone of a certified used car program is the supposedly super-thorough inspection. Do such inspections make extended warranties for used cars unnecessary? There are good reasons to think that the inspection does not replace used car extended warranty coverage one bit.  Are inspections really added value? Don't you wonder why dealers aren't inspecting all their cars before taking delivery themselves? Car dealers aren't idiots, at least not with cars. Anyone who's had to haggle over a trade-in knows that. The big question is whether the dealership will disclose everything it knows. Trust is still an issue with certified cars. Put your trust in an extended used car warranty instead.  Certified by whom? Think about it: the same people who are trying to sell you the car are also certifying it. Yes, you read right: the certification is usually done by the dealership selling the car. If there's any manufacturer oversight, it's often just an occasional inspection of the dealer's inspection. Given dealers' conflict of interest in certifying cars they are selling, the best used car warranties are far more reliable than the best dealers' inspections.  Duplicate inspection. You should have any used car, certified or not, thoroughly inspected by an independent mechanic. You're up against used car dealers. Do not give up your first line of defense.  Limits of inspections. No inspection in the world can foresee every possible problem. Oftentimes, something that breaks a few months after purchase really was fine when the car was sold. When--not if--something gives out, you'd better have a used car extended warranty. Continued : Part 2 Examining Certified Used Car Extended Warranty Coverage Auto Service Protection is a nationally recognized, full-service extended car warranty company. Read more on auto warranty FAQs here. Click Here  ExtendedWarranty Quote ! Comparing Used Car Warranties? Buy Direct  Avoid Commissions. Extended car warranty programs direct to the consumer, NO Middlemen, Buy Direct! Now you can Save $100s of dollars below dealer prices on your next used car warranty quote. Then put the Savings back in your pocket. You might also find interesting: The 4 Myths of buying extended warranties for automobiles from a Dealer! Got a Question? Call or contact us now for a speedy reply! Top Service and an 'A' Rated Auto Warranty 1-888-418-8231 Hours of Operation: MondayÂFriday: 8:30am Â 8:00pm Saturday: 9am Â 3pm Sunday: Closed All times Central 'SERVICE' is Our Middle Name Warranties for new cars, used trucks, vans, trucks, sports utility vehicles. Car Warranty Â« Home | Extended Warranty Quote | Warranty Coverage | Car Warranty Prices FAQs | Site Map | Privacy Policy | About Us Copyright Â© All rights reserved This domain autoservicewarranty.com was recently purchased by Endurance has no affiliation whatsoever with the previous ownership of the website. Endurance is a leading provider of vehicle service contracts. 400 Skokie Blvd., Suite 105 Northbrook, IL 60062 CALL Toll Free 1-888-418-8231  SERVICE is our Middle Name 1-888-418-8231 