  CBSNews.com | CBS Evening News | CBS This Morning | 48 Hours | 60 Minutes | Sunday Morning | Face the Nation | Up to the Minute Log In | Register Your Profile | Log Out   CBS News.com Video U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Tech Sports Photos Local Atlanta Baltimore Boston Charlotte Chicago Dallas Denver Detroit Hartford Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Minneapolis New York Philadelphia Pittsburgh Sacramento San Francisco Seattle St. Louis Tampa Washington  More Popular Strange News Blogs Puzzles CBS News on Twitter Newsletters Podcasts Widgets CBS News Bios   Scroll Left Scroll Right Video 11-year-old adult lung transplant recipient goes home 1 of 9 Video Syrian father reunites with son he thought was killed in chemical attack 2 of 9 Video Dow closes down 170 points 3 of 9 Video MTV VMA GIFs take over the Internet 4 of 9 Video Dog's blood saves cat's life 5 of 9 Video Consumer Reports: Some generics beat name brands 6 of 9 Video Family who sued for daughter's adult lung transplant speaks 7 of 9 Video Biden: "No doubt" Assad responsible for Syria chemical weapons attack 8 of 9 Video Wildfire near Yosemite threatens local economies 9 of 9 Add a Comment Share this Video: Tweet  Nude Cyclists Take on Car Culture March 15, 2010 9:39 AM CBS News RAW: Hundreds of naked and strategically body-painted cyclists toured the streets of Lima, Peru, to protest against the culture of cars.  Recommended  Syrian father reunites with son he thought was killed in chemical attack 0:56 August 27, 2013 Syrian father reunites with son he thought was killed in chemical attack In East Ghouta, a Syrian father's emotional reunion with his son was caught on camera. He thought the boy was killed in the chemical attack.  Official Oktoberfest beer mug unveiled 1:28 August 27, 2013 Official Oktoberfest beer mug unveiled Beer-lovers all over the world are getting excited as there's not long to go until the world's most famous beer festival, Oktoberfest, kicks off. The official mug for Oktoberfest 2013 was unveiled Tuesday.  U.N. inspectors take sniper fire in Syria 1:33 August 26, 2013 U.N. inspectors take sniper fire in Syria U.N. inspectors took sniper fire on their way to investigate a possible chemical weapons attack in Syria. Activists say poisonous gas killed hundreds and the Obama administration says there is little doubt the Syrian president used chemical weapons against his own people. Tara Mergener reports.  Russian zoo names three albino hedgehogs after Prince George 0:47 August 26, 2013 Russian zoo names three albino hedgehogs after Prince George Russian zookeepers named three rare newborn albino hedgehogs after the British royal baby, Prince George of Cambridge. The three hedgehogs, named George, Alexander and Louis live in a special wooden house which the keepers call Buckingham Palace, complete with velvet curtains and red carpet.  Portraits by Bob Dylan on display in London 1:37 August 25, 2013 Portraits by Bob Dylan on display in London New pastel portraits by singer Bob Dylan were shown for the first time at the National Portrait Gallery in London on Saturday. The 12 new works in the "Bob Dylan Face Value" exhibition represent the latest portrait studies from the legendary singer.  Why a peaceful resolution in Syria is unlikely 4:12 August 24, 2013 Why a peaceful resolution in Syria is unlikely Flash Points: CBS News National Security Correspondent Bob Orr talks with Eric Trager, a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, about the ongoing civil war in Syria, and why the conflict may be "too far gone" to hope for a brokered settlement.  Crisis in Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood on the run? 5:28 August 23, 2013 Crisis in Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood on the run? Flash Points: CBS News National Security Correspondent Bob Orr talks with Eric Trager, a senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, about the ongoing crisis in Egypt and the Egyptian military's attempts to tamp down protests among the Muslim Brotherhood.  Syrian activists gather evidence to prove chemical attack 1:31 August 23, 2013 Syrian activists gather evidence to prove chemical attack Syrian activists say they are trying smuggle hair, skin and blood samples from victims to prove the government carried out a chemical gas attack. They want to give the samples to visiting U.N. inspectors in Damascus. CBS News' Alphonso Van Marsh reports.  Japanese "super hero" lends helping hand 0:31 August 22, 2013 Japanese "super hero" lends helping hand A 27-year-old Japanese man wearing a green super-hero outfit and mask spends his time waiting by the stairs of a Tokyo subway station. He lends his strength to the elderly, mothers, and people with heavy packages going up and down the long flight of stairs as the station does not have an elevator or escalator.  Syrian mother says goodbye to children after reported gas attack 0:58 August 22, 2013 Syrian mother says goodbye to children after reported gas attack This video obtained by the Syrian opposition shows a mother saying goodbye to her children, who were killed in a reported gas attack in the Damascus suburb of Arbeen. It could not be independently confirmed.  Mubarak leaves Egyptian prison, put on house arrest 1:20 August 22, 2013 Mubarak leaves Egyptian prison, put on house arrest Ousted Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is out of prison and under house arrest at a military hospital. His release comes following a deadly crackdown by the government on protesters on the streets of Cairo. CBS News' Tina Kraus reports.  Egypt: We don't need U.S. aid money 1:34 August 21, 2013 Egypt: We don't need U.S. aid money Interim Foreign Minister tells CBS News decisions will be made based on national security, not "whether we get aid from one country or another."  Former Pakistani President charged with murdering political rival 1:25 August 20, 2013 Former Pakistani President charged with murdering political rival A court in Pakistan has indicted former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf on murder charges connected to the 2007 assassination of his political rival, former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. CBS News' Alphonso Van Marsh reports.  Most Popular CBS This Morning Evening News 60 Minutes 48 Hours Sunday Morning Face the Nation Politics U.S. World Health SciTech Entertainment MoneyWatch Caught on Tape  SiteCatalyst code version: H.21.Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com CBS News Copyright  2013 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.  CBSNews.com Site Map Video Site Map Mobile/WAP Site Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers Internships Development Programs Topics China United Nations Social Security North Korea Terrorism Capital Punishment Immigration Gay Marriage Disaster in Japan Foreclosures Debt Crisis Massacre in Norway Election 2012 Marijuana Rupert Murdoch 9/11: Tragedy Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Mobile 48 Hours iPad App Big changes for the 2012-2013 season! Watch the current week's episode for FREE up to a week after it airs or subscribe for access to all shows, classic episodes and more! Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select Site BNET CBS College Sports CBS Radio CBS.com CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW CNET CNET Channel GameSpot International Last.fm MaxPreps Moblogic MP3.com mySimon NCAA Search.com TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com UWIRE Wallstrip ZDNet BNET CBS College Sports CBS Radio CBS.com CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW CNET CNET Channel GameSpot International Last.fm MaxPreps Moblogic MP3.com mySimon NCAA Search.com TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com UWIRE Wallstrip ZDNet Privacy Policy Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning   