 China / Society Outcry over young bikini-clad gril models at car show Updated: 2012-11-19 01:17 By AN BAIJIE and HE DAN (China Daily)   Print Mail Large Medium  Small 分享按钮 0  The organizers of a controversial auto show in which girls as young as 5 paraded in bikinis has dismissed criticism from netizens, saying such events are "natural" and common in China. Photos of young girls posing in swimwear at the Chutian Auto Culture Festival in Wuhan, Hubei province, on Friday, have been widely circulated and discussed online. Many Web users expressed anger at the hosts and parents, accusing them of exploiting the children for profit. However, Zhang Ping, general manager of the event's organizers, 7-Wind Model Costume Co, said the goal was purely to help the children "boost their courage" and no organization or individual made money from the show. "If you type the key words 'children' and 'bikini' into an Internet search engine, you'll find tens of thousands of results for child bikini contests," she said on Sunday. "It's natural for kids to wear bikinis and other things they like." She said only two 5-year-olds wore bikinis, both with the permission of their parents. The company has hosted several child-modeling competitions, none of which have drawn such criticism, Zhang said, although she conceded that auto show models have become a sensitive topic. "But the public should not be fussy, as it's natural for children to wear bikinis at modeling contests," Zhang said. Shang Xiaoyuan, a professor at Beijing Normal University and an expert on child welfare, said she believes having a child expose their body in public is offensive. "Auto shows try too hard to attract customers with sexy, female models, which sends a negative message that the female form is a marketing tool," she said. "When children appear at auto shows posing in bikinis, it implants such an idea in their minds and is harmful for their development." Tong Xiaojun, a specialist in child rights at China Youth University for Political Sciences, agreed, and added that the auto shows set a bad example for children about what is proper behavior in public. "It ruins children's innocence, and it has blurred the boundary for what children should be taught to do and what they should not at a certain age," she said. However, organizer Zhang said the publishing of the pictures online had potentially done more harm than the show itself. Chen Ling, 33, whose 5-year-old daughter participated in the contest but did not wear a bikini, said her life has been disturbed after her daughter's photos were uploaded together with girls in bikinis. "Some netizens criticized us parents and claimed children's rights, but it was they who hurt the children by uploading the girls' photos without taking measures ti conceal their identities, such as covering their faces," she said. Chen said some netizens used vulgar language in comments on her daughter's micro blog after the incident. "I don't understand why there are so many bored people saying disgusting words," she said. Contact the writers at anbaijie@chinadaily.com.cn and hedan@chinadaily.com.cn.  8.03K Related Stories Auto show shines in Hanghzou Zhengzhou intl auto show sees record car sales Campus auto show opens in Jilin Mercedes-Benz brings top lineup to Chengdu auto show Dalian auto show sells over 8,900 cars Top automakers gather in Dalian auto show More China News 'Tent schools' open after quake Shandong discovers first bird flu case Death toll reaches 26 in Baoxing Rival Web firms join hands Nation's IPR suits see spike in 2012 Six called out for misuse of govt vehicles More World News Venezuela's new cabinet sworn in Obama celebrates young inventors at science fair 'Al-Qaida supported' train plot thwarted Earth Day marked around the world Cyprus 'will survive' financial crisis US reports on human rights criticized Photo Relief reaches isolated village Rainfall poses new threats to quake-hit region Funerals begin for Boston bombing victims Quake takeaway from China's Air Force  Obama celebrates young inventors at science fair Earth Day marked around the world Volunteer team helping students find sense of normalcy Ethnic groups quick to join rescue efforts Most Viewed Editor's Picks Supplies pour into isolated villages All-out efforts to save lives American abroad Industry savior: Big boys' toys New commissioner same love for China Liaoning : China's oceangoing giant Today's Top News Health new priority for quake zone Xi meets US top military officer Japan's boats driven out of Diaoyu China mulls online shopping legislation Bird flu death toll rises to 22 Putin appoints new ambassador to China Japanese ships blocked from Diaoyu Islands Inspired by Guan, more Chinese pick up golf US Weekly Beyond Yao and Yi Money power Video Slide Photos Auto Shanghai 2013 – general news coverage Boston bombing follow-up Slide: Up to 15 dead after blast at Texasplant Countdown to Venezuela vote Houston air show kicks off Bicycle Festival kicks off in Buenos Aires Special M7.0 earthquake strikes Ya'an, Sichuan TCM - Keeping healthy in Chinese way 