 Auto Repair Help From The Honest Mechanic Got a car repair or auto insurance problem? Auto Repair Manuals My Auto Repair Ebook Free Newsletter Sign Up Compare Auto Insurance About Me Recent Articles My Toyota is Overheating Austin Davis | August 21, 2013 | Reply I noticed that my car (2004 Toyota Camry) started overheating. The Radiator is not broken or blocked. I use Radiator Coolant. Within Two days, the car soaked four liters of Radiator Coolant. My mechanic said I need to change the Radiator. I am skeptical. Please what do you advise? Hey there, So you are having [] Read More My Car is Still Overheating Austin Davis | July 16, 2013 | 2 Replies The overheating in my 99 Dodge Intrepid 3.2 has stumped two mechanics. First let me go through the list of replacements/procedures that I have had: Thermostat Reservoir Tank Flushed Radiator Replaced Radiator Carbon Testing Replaced Intake Manifold (bleeder valve seat broke and began to spew anti freeze) New Water Pump and Timing Belt Bled, Bled, [] Read More My Car Hit a Curb  Front End Damaged? Austin Davis | July 15, 2013 | Reply Hello Mr Davis, My name is Carol. I have a 2000 Ford Tarsus FFV. I recently hit the curb on the passages side while making a u turn to the left. I hit it pretty hard to where it blew a hole in the side wall of tire. I had alignment issues before this happened [] Read More Automatic Transmission Making Whine Noise Austin Davis | June 25, 2013 | 2 Replies Dear Austin, I have a 2001 Oldsmobile Alero with only 102K miles. I have taken good care of the car since I bought it new. Just recently my transmission started whining. I had the transmission serviced with a new filter and and synthetic fluid, but the whine continues. The mechanic that serviced it tells me [] Read More Should I Change My Cars Transmission Fluid? Austin Davis | May 16, 2013 | Reply Ive got a 99 Mercury Grand Marquis with 74,000 miles on it. Ive put about 6,000 of those miles on it since I bought it used. A few weeks ago, a technician at the place where I get my oil changed told me my transmission fluid smelled burnt and that I should think about getting [] Read More Blown Headgasket Sealer Repairs Austin Davis | May 8, 2013 | 12 Replies Hi there! I get TONS of emails each week about headgasket leaks and blown head gasket problems. I was getting worn out typing replies back to my visitors so I made a video about the issue. In the video below, you should be able to determine IF you really do have a headgasket leak (50% [] Read More Engine Steam Cleaning Austin Davis | April 29, 2013 | Reply I get a ton of emails every day related to car repair problems. When I get a few of the same questions in a row I make a Youtube video about that subject. The topic is engine steam cleaning.argggggg, please dont do that to your engine. Your engine does not run better or last longer [] Read More Coolest Pool Table Ever Austin Davis | April 29, 2013 | Reply Do you like cars?  Do you like to play pool?  How about having both?  I found this cool pool table at a Houston car show and wanted to share it with you. Now, if they just had a bar underneath it Share this with your Facebook friends Read More Next Page  Categories A/C and Heating Auto Insurance Auto Loans Battery/Alternator Problems Brakes Car Buying and Selling Car Reviews Check Engine Lights Exhaust Smoke Exterior Care Front End Problems Head Gaskets How to Find a Mechanic Just For Fun Noises Online Auto Repair Manuals Over Heating Reader Questions Road Trip Tips Running Problems Timing Belts Tire Wear Tires Transmission Issues Tune Up Costs Wont Start Issues Check Engine Lights ABS  Traction Control and Air Bag Light On I have a 2001 VW Jetta VR6. A week ago my wife was driving around town and the ABS, Traction Control, and Air bag light came on. She tried to start the car after she got done whit her errands and nothing. Austin Davis | May 24, 2012 | 3 Replies Code PO300  Check Engine Light Coming On Reader Question Hello, my vehicle is having issues. It threw a po300 code. Brought it into a local shop that I have dealt with for years and they ran diagnostics and came up with that code. After the diagnostic, I was told that the only thing that would cause it was the timing chain since [] Austin Davis | December 16, 2010 | 2 Replies Jeep Cherokee P0455 EVAP Code I have a 2001 Jeep Cherokee that while I am driving it, the speedometer and tachometer gauges drop to the bottom, and come back again after a while. This keeps going on and off. I am getting a display on the tripometer NO BUS. but nothing seems to affect the performance because it still runs well. Austin Davis | March 21, 2008 | 6 Replies Ford Escort ES System Lean Code Engine Light Problem? My question is about a check engine light. I got the code pulled and its saying the system is too lean, I have a 2002 Ford Escort ES edition. Its not a oxygen sensor because the last mechanic I brought it too replaced that and its still on. Can you help? Austin Davis | March 14, 2008 | Reply Over Heating My Toyota is Overheating I noticed that my car (2004 Toyota Camry) started overheating. The Radiator is not broken or blocked. I use Radiator Coolant. Within Two days, the car soaked four liters of Radiator Coolant. My mechanic said I need to change the Radiator. I am skeptical. Please what do you advise? Hey there, So you are having [] Austin Davis | August 21, 2013 | Reply My Car is Still Overheating The overheating in my 99 Dodge Intrepid 3.2 has stumped two mechanics. First let me go through the list of replacements/procedures that I have had: Thermostat Reservoir Tank Flushed Radiator Replaced Radiator Carbon Testing Replaced Intake Manifold (bleeder valve seat broke and began to spew anti freeze) New Water Pump and Timing Belt Bled, Bled, [] Austin Davis | July 16, 2013 | 2 Replies Pressure Test Cooling System Reader Question Hey Austin, you mentioned in a previous post to another question that the guy should get a cooling system pressure test to determine where his coolant leak might be in his car engine. Why would you need to do that if there is a leak, cant you see it? Shannon D. [] Austin Davis | January 8, 2013 | Reply Car Overheating Reader Question I have a 95 Toyota corolla, and I just replaced the radiator and the thermostat. The engine wants to run hot at lower speeds and when I stop when I take off again it runs fine at 55 and above but it does not want to run hot at idle and in park. [] Austin Davis | January 8, 2013 | 2 Replies Search Austin Davis  Recent Posts My Toyota is Overheating My Car is Still Overheating My Car Hit a Curb  Front End Damaged? Automatic Transmission Making Whine Noise Should I Change My Cars Transmission Fluid? Blown Headgasket Sealer Repairs Engine Steam Cleaning Coolest Pool Table Ever ABS Light is On Pages About Me Auto Repair Manuals Compare Auto Insurance Contact Me Disclaimer-Privacy-TOS Free Newsletter Sign Up My Auto Repair Ebook Windshield Replacement Quotes   2013 Auto Repair Help From The Honest Mechanic. All rights reserved. Premium WordPress Themes . By Austin Davis 