 Autos Used Cars Search Used Cars Buy Used Selling Used Share Must Reads Best Certified Pre-Owned Programs How To Inspect a Used Car Right Way To Test Drive Buying a Used Car Online Used Car Scams Keith Griffin Used Cars Guide Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Forum Browse Topic Getting Started Glossary Buying a Used Car Online Certified Pre-Owned Deal or No Deal Used Car Test Drive Used Car Histories Used Car Safety Ratings Financing Used Cars Selling Used Cars Online Sell or Trade In Prep Used Car for Sale Setting a Value Avoiding Problems Research Great Values and Questionable Deals You Won't Win a Million, But You'll Save Money Deal or No Deal are used cars that are either good or bad values. Learn how to spot them and when to say Deal or No Deal. Read More Âť Further Reading Over-Hyped Used Cars with Artificially Higher Prices Credit Unions Good for Auto Loans Features That Are Not Good Values Buy a Used Car with Confidence How To Test Drive a Used Car Used Car Inspection that Works Safe Used Cars for Teen Drivers A new study shows that teen auto deaths are on the rise after several years of decline. That means it is more important than ever to protect your teens with safe used cars. Read More Âť Buying Certified Pre-Owned Best Certified Pre-Owned Questions To Ask a Dealer How To Inspect a Used Car Used Cars Spotlight 10 Used Car Prices Could Be Falling Again Tuesday August 27, 2013 Fall is beginning to stand for falling used car prices. At least that seems to be the possibility based on information from Ricky Beggs of Black Book, the leading expert on auctions and used car prices. Beggs, who has a weekly video blog, says the signs seem to be in place for used car deprecation to occur again this fall like it did in the Fall of 2012. Trucks seem to be holding their value better while cars are once again showing a decline that could continue for weeks to come. I didn't cover this in the article but Beggs also hints at certified pre-owned programs becoming stronger and stronger because the cars coming through auction are older and not as in good condition. It continues to be a good time to be buying a used car vs. the madness of a couple years ago but if you wait just a couple weeks past Labor Day you might find ever better prices. Comments (0) Permalink Share A Dozen Facts About Used Car Buying Monday August 26, 2013 Sometimes I receive emails asking me to post graphics. They're usually not a good fit for this website, but Toyota Certified pre-owned passed one along recently on a dozen facts about used car buying that I found interesting. What continues to amaze me is how many people do not do their homework before buying a used car. Sure, as the graphic points out, 80% of people use the internet for research but that means 20% don't. Another amazing factoid is 52% of people don't have a particular model in mind when walking into a dealership. That kind of boggles the mind. How can anybody buy a used car without knowing even the most basic details about it? Of course, I have lots of advice about buying a used car online and in the flesh but even if you never read a word of it at least take the time to do a little research before buying your next used car. Your bank account will thank you. Comments (0) Permalink Share NHTSA Outlines New Recall Standard Friday August 16, 2013 I'm from the government and I'm here to help is considered one of the great lies of all time - and because this is a family-friendly website I won't be listing some of the others. But NHTSA has a new rule on VINs that should help consumers. Basically, it's going to put all recalls on line by August 2014 . All the consumer will need is the vehicle identification number to search if a used car has a recall on it. Of course, being the impatient type I am, I wish this information was online now. There are 40 million used cars that are going to be sold in the next year and consumers won't have easy access to this information. And, as I've reported before, information on recalls is vital. It turns out the industry average is only 70% of recall work is done by consumers 18 months after the initial notification. That means almost one-in-three used cars could be out there with necessary recall work. Comments (0) Permalink Share Scourge of Flood-Damaged Used Cars Continues Monday August 5, 2013 It's been raining a lot this summer in Connecticut, which brings to mind all the flooding we've seen across the country the past couple of years. With flooding comes flood damaged used cars and Carfax is on top of the issue. It has published a report with disturbing info about flood damaged used cars . There are at least 200,000 out on the roads currently. Sure, out of something like 40 million annual used car sales that's not a huge number, but think of the economic impact in terms of theft. That's probably $2 billion in useless used cars on the market. Why are they useless? Because water and cars just don't mix well together. Once a car is under water it is never the same without extensive, expensive renovations and restorations. The good news in the report is that almost two-thirds of the flood damaged used cars are centered in 10 states. That should help you avoid potential problems in buying your next used car. Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Free Used Cars Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Related Video How to Buy a Used Car More Used Cars Videos Explore All About.com Videos Explore Used Cars Must Reads Best Certified Pre-Owned Programs How To Inspect a Used Car Right Way To Test Drive Buying a Used Car Online Used Car Scams Most Popular Top 10 Questions To Ask When Buying a Used Car... Understand Used Car Salvage Titles Top 10 Questions To Ask a Used Car Dealer How To Sign Over Title to a Used Car Cash Is King When Selling a Used Car See More About: vehicle condition traditional auto loans anti-lock brakes title problems scratches By Category Getting Started Glossary Buying a Used Car Online Certified Pre-Owned Deal or No Deal Used Car Test Drive Used Car Histories Used Car Safety Ratings Financing Used Cars Selling Used Cars Online Sell or Trade In Prep Used Car for Sale Setting a Value Avoiding Problems Research Used Cars About.com Autos Used Cars Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 