 NEWS MOVIE TV CELEBRITY MUSIC INTERVIEWS VIDEO DVD PHOTO GALLERY CONTEST FUN STUFF SUMMER MOVIE  Celebrity News Movie News TV News Music News   WHAT'S HOT? /* * The tag in this template has been generated for use on a * non-SSL page. If this tag is to be placed on an SSL page, change the * 'http://us-ads.openx.net/...' * to * 'https://us-ads.openx.net/...' */  Home  News  Celebrity Gossip Celebrity News  Drake Gets Sued by Former Stylist Over Unpaid Shopping Bills August 27, 2013 09:39:36 GMT Grammy Award-winning artist Drake is being sued by his former stylist Michael Raphael for the amount of $76,490, allegedly the full amount that the MC owes him for shopping and other expenses he initially paid for when he served as a styling consultant for the rap star. Raphael claims Drake faithfully reimbursed him from when he was hired back in August last year and only stopped in December, the month when he reportedly racked up the said amount on behalf of the Canadian rapper. Under Drake's employ, Raphael was paid a monthly consultant's fee of $39,583 that covered styling, clothing and graphic design for his OVO brand and other related services. It does not, however, cover shopping expenses that he incurred on Drake's behalf from such branded stores as Nike, Diesel, and American Rag. Read Full Story Lamar Odom Spotted Driving Near His House August 27, 2013 09:16:15 GMT Lamar Odom is captured driving a car after his agent denied report suggesting that he went missing. On Monday afternoon, August 26, Lamar was seen driving an SUV around San Fernando Valley area, which is not far from a house he shared with Khloe Kardashian . In pictures obtained by TMZ , the NBA player was featured wearing a black shirt as he drove around the area. The photos are believed to be first photos of the athlete in few days. Read Full Story Teresa and Joe Giudice of 'Real Housewives' Clash With Cops on Beach 2 comment(s) August 27, 2013 08:55:39 GMT Teresa Giudice and her husband Joe Giudice appeared to be embroiled in an argument with police over the weekend. According to TMZ, the couple had to face the cops after refusing to pay an entrance fee of $5 per person when hanging out on Ship Bottom Beach on Long Island. " The Real Housewives of New Jersey " star was initially approached by a female teen beach worker. She allegedly asked for their "beach badges," which were basically proof that they had paid the tickets, but the group which consisted of 30 friends and family members flipped out. Read Full Story Olivia Newton-John's Daughter Battling Alcohol and Cocaine Addiction 1 comment(s) August 27, 2013 08:38:47 GMT Chloe Lattanzi, the daughter of singer/actress Olivia Newton-John , reveals that she is battling alcohol and cocaine addiction. In an interview with Australia's Woman's Day , Chloe says that she has been living in a sober living facility for seven months and undergoing five hours of therapy a day to cure her addiction. Olivia's fame apparently contributes to Chloe's addiction. "Growing up I was under immense pressure being the daughter of such a famous woman. You don't have a normal childhood and you don't have that space to make mistakes and find your feet, as everyone is watching you," she says. She started abusing drugs shortly after she moved to L.A. Read Full Story LeAnn Rimes Celebrates Birthday With Eddie Cibrian in Hawaiian Party August 27, 2013 08:10:50 GMT LeAnn Rimes is celebrating her 31st birthday with Eddie Cibrian in a Hawaiian-themed party. "I'm getting ready!!" she captioned a photo of her cozying up to her hubby. "Loving my @ACACIASWIMWEAR Hawaiian print bikini for my luau bday celebration." Rimes will officially turn 31 on August 28, but she has already kicked off the celebration early. "I just blew out my first bday candle for 31 w/ all my extended family & our waiter singing to me. He was great!!" the singer tweeted over the weekend. Read Full Story James Franco Gets Roasted on Comedy Central August 27, 2013 08:09:26 GMT Sunday night in Los Angeles, James Franco became the latest star to be roasted by Comedy Central. Celebrity friends of the 35-year-old actor like Seth Rogen , Aziz Ansari , Jonah Hill and Andy Samberg were on hand to poke fun at the " Spring Breakers " lead actor, making jokes about his Oscars hosting gig with Anne Hathaway and the speculations about his sexuality. Roast master Rogen, Franco's " Pineapple Express " co-star, delivered a one-two punch with a gay joke that went, "He once told me he worked for 36 hours straight, which I didn't believe. The straight part, of course," and a dig at Franco's poorly-received Oscars performance, saying, "Look at me doing all the talking while you sit there doing nothing. I feel like I'm hosting the Oscars with you!" Read Full Story Madonna Ranked by Forbes as World's Highest-Earning Celebrity August 27, 2013 07:48:05 GMT Anchored on the immense success of her top-grossing tour, iconic diva Madonna tops Forbes' highest-earning celebrities list, with $125 million in estimate earnings for the period from June 2012 to June 2013. The 55-year-old Material Girl bested other A-listers in the roster like filmmaker Steven Spielberg and TV personality Simon Cowell . Despite the lackluster sales performance of her album " MDNA ", the $305 million that its supporting world tour brought in was enough to boost Madonna's earnings ahead of the pack. Adding to her total are profits from merchandise and other business ventures like her fragrance and clothing line. Read Full Story Simon Cowell Pictured Sucking Face With Baby Mama August 27, 2013 07:20:53 GMT More pictures showing Simon Cowell 's vacation in St. Tropez, France with Lauren Silverman have just arrived. One picture shows the TV mogul and the New York socialite sharing a kiss on the lips while taking a romantic stroll together. The couple has been relaxing in Europe for a few days. On a warm sunny Saturday, August 24, they were spotted lounging at a beach club in the south of France. He wrapped his arm around his baby mama as he was sprawled out on his back. Read Full Story Jay-Z's Rocawear Sued Over T-Shirt Design August 27, 2013 07:12:09 GMT Jay-Z 's Rocawear apparently has been hit with a legal problem. According to a New York Post report, a for-profit, Essex county, NJ-based company Hoodlove LLC has filed a trademark-infringement lawsuit against ROC Apparel Group over the phrase "HoodLove" which is featured on Rocawear's t-shirt. The company reportedly filed the suit in Manhattan federal court earlier this month. HoodLove claims that they have owned the rights for "Hood Love" phrase since 2006. As stated in the suit, the company says that the "unauthorized use of the Infringing Apparel is likely to cause confusion" and "deceive customers" into believing that the two are "affiliated." Read Full Story Ricky Martin Says He Used to Bully Fellow Closeted Gays August 27, 2013 06:03:08 GMT Ricky Martin opens up about his past struggle with his sexuality. In an interview with GQ Australia, the Puerto Rican singer who started his singing career with boyband Menudo admits he, then-closeted gay, used to bully people he knew were gays. "I look back now and realize I would bully people who I knew were gay," the now openly-gay father of twin boys recounts his days growing up. "I had internalized homophobia. To realize that was confronting to me. I wanted to get away from that." Read Full Story Chris Brown Vows to Complete Community Service After 'F**k the System' Rant August 27, 2013 06:01:34 GMT It looks like Chris Brown has a change of heart. He promises to fulfill his duty on his newly-modified community labor on heels of his rant towards the officials after he was granted 1,000 more hours following suspicion that he had faked his community service reports. "The community service isn't a problem anymore," the R singer tweeted. "Ill do what ever duty I need too to fulfill my requirements as a man and a leader." Read Full Story 'NCIS: Los Angeles' Star Eric Christian Olsen and Wife Welcome First Child August 27, 2013 04:57:42 GMT Actor Eric Christian Olsen and his actress wife Sarah Wright are proud parents to a baby boy. The couple's first child was born on Friday, August 16 at 7:45 P.M. Baby Wyatt Oliver arrived weighing in at 9 lbs. 8 oz. "I've been a part of some pretty incredible experiences in my life, but I've never been a part of something so surreal, so life affirming and so insanely beautiful as watching my son come into this world," Eric told PEOPLE. "It was this watershed moment where I knew that everything I valued before seems finite and temporary." Read Full Story Nick Jonas Meets Olivia Culpo's Family in Rhode Island August 27, 2013 04:35:11 GMT It seems that Nick Jonas ' relationship with beauty pageant Olivia Culpo is getting serious. The youngest of the Jonas Brothers reportedly grabbed a bite with his gorgeous girlfriend and her family over the weekend in her home state of Rhode Island. The new couple and their entourage stopped by local eatery Iggy's Doughboys & Chowder House Sunday evening, August 25. Chris Cifelli, the general manager tells E! News , "They ordered cheeseburgers, hamburgers, chowder, doughboys, and calamari." Read Full Story Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel Split After 14 Years of Marriage August 27, 2013 04:18:38 GMT Actress Monica Bellucci and her husband, French actor Vincent Cassel , agree to end their 14 years of marriage. The couple confirmed their split on Monday, August 26. "Vincent Cassel confirms that he is separating from his wife Monica Bellucci by mutual agreement," a spokesperson for Cassel told AFP. Belucci's spokesperson also confirmed the news in a separate statement to an Italian news agency. Read Full Story Michael Jackson's Mother Katherine Breaks Silence on Paris' Suicide Attempt 2 comment(s) August 27, 2013 04:10:27 GMT Katherine Jackson spoke up for the first time about her granddaughter Paris Jackson's suicide bid that led to the teen's hospitalization. The family matriarch assured that Michael Jackson 's only daughter "is in a good place, getting the help she needs." "She is doing much better," she added. "The treatment is going good, really good. She's my baby. It's hard for me, really hard. All I wanted these kids to be is happy. The night Michael died Paris was crying and said 'I want to go and see Daddy, I don't want to be without him.' " Read Full Story Page 1 of 1989  LAST Parents Television Council Blasts Miley Cyrus and Lady GaGa's MTV VMA Performances Eminem Debuts Single 'Berzerk' Olivia Newton-John's Daughter Reveals Cocaine and Alcohol Addiction Los Angeles Premiere of Selena Gomez's 'Getaway' Eric Christian Olsen Welcomes Son Justin Timberlake Pens an Open Letter, Teases New Album Joshua Jackson Cast in 'The Affair' Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel Split Daft Punk's 'Lose Yourself to Dance' Music Video Teaser Katy Perry Teases 'Roar' Music Video Vin Diesel Honored With Hollywood Walk of Fame Star Stars React to Miley Cyrus VMA Performance Fat Joe Turns Himself In for Tax Evasion 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay' Films Find Annie Cresta Lamar Odom's Agent Denies Missing Report Matt Damon Not Returning in New 'Bourne' Film CALENDAR August 2013 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 MOST POPULAR 50 Cent Adrienne Bailon Amber Heard Angelina Jolie Beyonce Knowles Bob Dylan DMX David Cassidy Demi Lovato Famke Janssen Frank Ocean Garth Brooks Harry Styles J.J. Cale Jennifer Aniston Kate Gosselin Kylie Jenner Lily Collins Miguel Nicki Minaj Prince Rutina Wesley Simon Cowell Tina Turner Zayn Malik  /* * The tag in this template has been generated for use on a * non-SSL page. If this tag is to be placed on an SSL page, change the * 'http://us-ads.openx.net/...' * to * 'https://us-ads.openx.net/...' */  MUSIC CHART MOVIE CHART   Fatal error : Call to undefined function gerFooter() in /home/aceshow/public_html/php/ndetail.php on line 809 