  Search this site:  Sections Most Popular  Politics Op-Ed A Women Comedy Art Dept Business Advocate Money Minute Health Travel Print Issue Video Subscribe Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News Updates  Commentary Op-ed: In Defense of Aging People Prime Timers: A New Age for Activism Marriage Equality Half of New Mexico's Citizens Now Enjoy Marriage Equality Commentary Op-ed: I Was a 17-Year-Old Cougar Politics Russian Lawmaker Wants to Offer Free 'Ex-Gay' Therapy Commentary Gay Rights Finally Are Human Rights — Here and Abroad Arts & Entertainment Film 10 Great LGBT Military Movies  BY Diane Anderson-Minshall September 23 2011 5:00 AM ET  In honor of the “don’t ask, don’t tell” repeal, we wanted to mention military flicks that are actually relevant to a queer or trans audience. But leaving out documentaries (like the brilliant Paragraph 175 ) and some great films like Aimee  Jaguar and November Moon — all of which tackle the Nazi war era but from a primarily civilian perspective — it’s clear that movies about LGBT soldiers are still in their infancy. Perhaps in the next decade we’ll see our community serving openly in a flourish of diverse military films (like A Few Good Men , Universal Soldier , Avatar , all of which we could argue for inclusion on this list but none that have openly LGBT characters). Serving in Silence: The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story (1995) Lesbian A perfect one to watch to remind viewers of why DADT was a flawed policy. Glenn Close and Judy Davis both won Emmy awards for their roles in this iconic made-for-TV film about a decorated Army officer who decides to upgrade her security rating and in doing so tells an investigator she’s gay. As the Army proceeds to discharge her for the omission, Close as Cammermeyer fights back — alongside her family, partner and Lambda Legal. Cammermeyer wrote the intro to a new book on the time as well, called Making WAVES, which she surely did. In the videos, below, watch Close with Ryan Reynolds as her son, and then Close and commander:   Walk on Water (2004), Gay   Director Eytan Fox’s 2002 gay film,  Yossi and Jagger, offered up a love story of two Israeli soldiers, but this later film is equally remarkable. It follows an Israeli Mossad agent assigned to assassinate a Nazi war criminal and questions the nature of what it means to hate and the nature of revenge. It’s not what some would call a “gay” film but it invariably is in the widest sense of the word. Watch a clip below (but it includes a spoiler). Soldier’s Girl (2004), Transgender   One of the most provocative movies about military life is the story of Barry Winchell (played by Troy Garity) who falls in love with a transgender performer  while stationed on an infantry base in Tennessee. As his romantic relationship develops, Winchell’s friendship with his fellow soldiers — especially the repressed guy who dragged him to a drag club to begin with — and his safety in the military wither. Based on a true story of Calpernia Addams (now an actress who consulted on the film) and the real Barry Winchell, Soldier’s Story is an intelligent and heartbreaking must-see. After you’re done crying, look up what Calpernia’s up to now for inspiration of life after tragedy. Private Benjamin (1980) Bisexual   As the sheltered, spoiled Paris Hilton of her day, Goldie Hawn is brilliant as the Jewish American Judy Goodman-Benjamin, a woman who accidentally enlists in the Army after her hubby drops dead during sex on their wedding night. Boot camp kicks her ass, but Private Benjamin discovers she’s got a fight in her as well. Oft her nemesis, is the excellent Eileen Brennan as bisexual Captain Doreen Lewis, an uptight military rule-seeker who finds Benjamin’s frivolousness contemptuous. Lewis — who’s played for laughs a lot — starts the film in love with a man but in later scenes finds her constant companion in Sally Kirkland’s Helga and while a big bisexual (or lesbian) coming out would have been nice, this is the Army pre-2011we’re talking about. Top Gun (1986), Gay Adjacent OK so there’s no LGBT film festival playing this classic at a midnight showing, but Top Gun  — the story of a handful of guys training to become elite fighter pilots for the U.S. — has some of the best homoeroticism (just say “Iceman” to any gay man and dreams of Val Kilmer’s half naked body still comes to mind), a bromance between Maverick and Goose (Tom Cruise and Anthony Edwards), and a closeted lesbian actress playing a hot semi-cougar flying instructor (Kelly McGillis). It don’t get much gayer than that. One enterprising YouTuber even recut the film as a 2 ½ minute love story between Kilmer and Cruise. A Marine Story (2010) Lesbian   It’s no wonder lesbians (and awards boards) love this film: star Dreya Weber, a hard bodied actress and aerial performer who starred in the Gymnast , and whose abs rival Jillian Michaels. Weber is Alex, a Marine who is discharged, goes home, plays Mr. Miyagi to a local teen who needs direction (Paris Pickard as Saffron). Throughout, both must face their proverbial demons. Did I mention the hard body? Stripes (1981) Gay Adjacent   This Bill Murray classic is an early one for the comedy king, who has played transgender ( Ed Wood ), gay adjacent ( What About Bob , Little Shop of Horrors ), and a lover of lesbians ( Wild Things , Broken Flowers ). Murray and Ivan Reitman (himself a comedy legend, behind the screen mostly) are new Army inducts at the start of the film, where a hilarious exchange between a recruiter in the pre-DADT era shows how much the funny men’s characters were OK with their sexualities. As the recruiter asks if either is gay, Murray says, “You mean like flaming?” and Reitman says “No but we’re willing to learn.” Hilarious. G.I. Jane (1997) Lesbian Adjacent   Sure, she’s supposedly straight to begin with but after a few designating scenes, Demi Moore as the Navy Seal Lt. Jordan O’Neal in G.I. Jane morphs into a butch hard-body. We never see her having sex with women but she turns down male advances, hangs with women coded lesbian on the beach, endures test after test to prove she can take it like a man, and at one point tells another soldier to suck her cock. Aliens (1986) Lesbian   Greatest. Sequel. Ever. (Don’t ever start with me Godfather II fans.) Sigourney Weaver is Lieutenant Ellen L. Ripley and Jenette Goldstein plays the lovely butchy Marine Pvt. Vasquez. They are space Marines on a quasi civilian-meets-military operation (the parameters of “company” is never clear) to a colony Ripley believes is inhabited by aliens. Ripley — no slouch in the body department — must accompany a team of rugged tough asses to the planet and survive. Thankfully, Vasquez is there to help. Platoon (1986) Gay   Whole dissertations have been written about why Platoon is a gay film, or at the very least, so rife with homoerotic subtext that you’d have to be Fred Phelps to miss it. And it has little to do with the fact that there are barely any female roles in the movie. Christina Judith Hein’s Battleground Masculinity: Gendertroublers and Gatekeepers in Oliver Stone's Platoon is among the best to explain its gayness; read her if you doubt me. In the film, Charlie Sheen is Army private who volunteers for combat during the height of Vietnam in part because he’s an idealist. He soldiers through bullying and atrocities and along the way is torn between two camps of men — one hyper masculinized, the other more modern, and thus, more feminized men. The latter camp, led by Willem Defoe as Sgt. Elias, full of smoking and dancing and half-naked men, feels queer and uninhibited. As Hein points out, “ Rather untypical of a courageous and responsible authority figure in a war movie, [Elias] acknowledges Chris's presence by waving at him, languidly reclined in a hammock, only half-clad, and sensually eating a banana. The ceremony of initiation that he performs later on with newly recruited Chris involves not only the passing of marihuana smoke through the phallic barrel of a gun but is also accompanied by a conspiratorial look and smile on the side of Elias and a somewhat curious yet disconcerted gaze by Chris – as though he were checking if anyone might watch and disapprove of this erotically charged moment. With its homoerotic overtones, the scene is strikingly reminiscent of the sexually coded passing of smoke through a straw in Jean Genet's gay prison art film, Un Chant d'Amour (1950), and it dissolves into a scene of soldiers relaxedly dancing with each other.” The movie is riveting and challenging and imbued with a sense of what homo-awakening might have been like for some men during the ‘60s sexual liberation.  AddThis  more in Film Vancouver Queer Film Festival's 25th Anniversary Will Be Big The Queer Irony of Ender's Game So What If Spider-Man Liked Guys? Our 18 Favorite Films at Outfest  READER COMMENTS ( )  most popular Gay Russian Teen Uses Twitter to Fight Homophobia Op-ed: In Defense of Aging Op-ed: I Was a 17-Year-Old Cougar Lesbian Poet Slams Homophobic 'Straight People' With Incredible Performance Half of New Mexico's Citizens Now Enjoy Marriage Equality Prime Timers: A New Age for Activism FOLLOW US Sign Up For Email Updates  Got an iPad? Download The Advocate Discovery app. Yes, it's free! LATEST NEWS Travel Tel Aviv to Erect Monument to Gays Persecuted by Nazis  58 min 2 sec ago Politics Gay Russian Teen Uses Twitter to Fight Homophobia  1 hour 1 min ago Women Op-Ed: Slut-Shaming Miley Cyrus  1 hour 6 min ago Women WATCH: Men on ESPN, ABC Claim Billie Jean King's Infamous 'Battle of The Sexes' Victory Was Rigged  1 hour 11 min ago Marriage Equality Half of New Mexico's Citizens Now Enjoy Marriage Equality  1 hour 46 min ago Travel Shot of the Day: Boys Enjoying Some Southern Exposure  2 hours 16 min ago Women Demi Lovato to Guest Star as Naya Rivera's Love Interest on 'Glee'  2 hours 16 min ago MORE STORIES TWITTER Tweets from @TheAdvocateMag/advocate-staff  Daily News Updates Staff Contact Submissions Career Opportunities Subscribe Subscriber Services Visit our Websites Gay.net Gay.com Out.com Advocate.com HereTV.com OutTraveler.com SheWired.com HIVPLUSMag.com Privacy Policy User Agreement Community Guidelines Legal Notice Advertise With Us  2013, Here Media Inc. All Rights Reserved   