 Arts & Entertainment Weekend Events Live after Five Attractions Restaurants/Nightlife Downtown Merchants Festivals/Events Event Procedures & Guidelines Want to know whats going on in Downtown Baton Rouge this weekend? Join our email list today! Arts  Entertainment Additional INFO If you have any questions concerning this weekend's events, call us at the DDD at 389-5520 or e-mail: ddd@brgov.com Cultural Product District Arts & Entertainment Boundaries Click to download A & E Boundaries  Arts & Entertainment Ordinance Click to download A & E Ordinance  Downtown Baton Rouge Arts & Entertainment District Established March 2008 The Downtown Baton Rouge Arts  Entertainment District was formed in 2008 to provide a means for growth and development through arts and entertainment related activities. The goal is to create a district that has a balance of arts and entertainment and a positive reflection of Baton Rouge. Found in the heart of Downtown and highlighted by Third Street, the Arts and Entertainment District has galleries, shops, restaurants, nightlife, festivals, and free concert series, all within walking distance, contributing to an enjoyable downtown experience! Music The Arts & Entertainment District holds host to Live After Five and Sunday in the Park, two free concert series in the fall and spring, featuring live music by the areas finest musicians. Both events, among others, are a great way to experience downtown culture and the people that make Baton Rouge a truly special place. Festivals/ Events Arts In the heart of the Arts  Entertainment District you will find the Shaw Center for the Arts where you can watch a ballet, attend an art exhibit, or have sushi on the top floor overlooking the Mississippi River. In addition to the Shaw Center, Downtown is home to many local art galleries, and a handful of annual arts festivals such as The Art Melt and Fest for All. Festivals/ Events Nightlife For all you night owls, Downtown's many bars, pubs, and nightclubs offer dancing, drinks, and a diverse social scene that makes for a great time. People watch from a mezzanine on Third Street, catch a live band, or take a salsa lesson, you name it, we got it! Don't forget to end the night with a slice of pizza and get a safe cab ride home. Laisser les bons temps rouler! Map all Downtown Bars and Nightclubs Food While visiting The Arts  Entertainment District, don't forget to check out the many restaurants and cafe's that serve up some of the best cuisine in town. Whether you're in the mood for a po-boy or a romantic dinner for two, Downtown has you covered. Check out the Map all Downtown Restaurants for more info!  CONTACT US: 247 Florida St. | Baton Rouge, LA 70801 | (225) 389-5520 Office (225) 389-5523 Fax | 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. M-F EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR: Davis S. Rhorer | ddd@brgov.com LINKS: City Parish Government | Webmaster | Downtown Business Association 