 Text-only version of this website Skip navigation Home page What's new Search Contact Webmaster Website policies Disability services for Students Prospective Colleges  Schools Degrees  Programs Qualifying for Admission Cost of Attendance Visit UF Apply to UF Current WebMail ISIS e-Learning Critical Dates by Term Advising Libraries Graduate Graduate Degrees  Programs Applying for Admission Catalog Cost of Attendance Financial Aid International International Admissions International Center English Language Institute Faculty  Staff Faculty Faculty Handbook Faculty Senate Resources  Programs Tenure  Promotion Teaching Assistance Admin Memos (DDD) Regulations United Faculty of Florida Staff myUFL WebMail Exchange Directory Jobs at UF Holidays Benefits Training Alumni  Friends Stay Connected Alumni Association Gator Clubs Membership Reunions Giving How to Give Presidents Council Scholarships  Fellowships Incentives Support UF Gators for Higher Education Economic Impact UF Women Get Up and Give Visit Campus Tours Area Accomodations Maps Virtual Tour Parents, Visitors  Fans Parents Cost of Attendance Admission Requirements Financial Aid Application Deadlines Family Preview Commencement Visitors Maps Parking Dining Weather News Events Shands HealthCare Museums Performing Arts Campus Tours Area Accomodations Bookstore  Welcome Center Fans GatorZone Schedule Tickets Facilities Athletic Association Recreational Sports Directory e-Learning WebMail ISIS myUFL Campus Map University of Florida University of Florida Facebook Twitter Youtube  Home About UF Maps  Tours Campus Map Directions Parking Dining Virtual Tour Student-Led Tours Jobs Vacancies Applications Benefits Training Employee Education Program Student Jobs Administration Trustees President Faculty Senate Senior Vice Presidents Vice Presidents Student Government Giving How to Give Presidents Council Scholarships  Fellowships Health Care UF Health Student Health Care Center Counseling  Wellness Center Facts Alumni Research Students Spotlights  Making room for new Gators Inside UF An error has occurred, which probably means the feed is down. Try again later. Academics Colleges Agricultural  Life Sciences Journalism  Communications Business Administration Law Dentistry Liberal Arts  Sciences Design, Construction  Planning Medicine Education Nursing Engineering Pharmacy Fine Arts Public Health  Health Professions Health  Human Performance Veterinary Medicine Undergraduate Majors Minors Combined Degree Programs Degree Shopping Honors Advising Tutoring Online Courses Libraries Catalog Hours Locations  Collections Distance Learning Online Degrees Continuing Education Professional Development Graduate Catalog Degrees  Programs Fellowships Search the Course Catalog Schedule of Courses Critical Dates Registration, Records  Grades (ISIS) Academic Calendar Aug 27 Fall Drop/Add (at or after assigned start time) all day event Aug 27 Fall Employee EEP Registration all day event View academic deadlines Admissions Undergraduate Apply Now Application Status Honors Transfer Catalog Cost of Attendance Graduate Apply Now Deadlines Fellowships Graduate Minority Programs Catalog Cost of Attendance Finances Scholarships Bright Futures Grants Student Jobs Housing Meal Plans International International Admissions International Center English Language Institute Professional Health Professions Levin College of Law UF MBA Distance Learning Degrees Certificates Courses @UF Admissions There was a temporary problem loading the feed. Apply Now Campus Life Arts Museums  Galleries Music Theatre  Dance Radio  Television Athletics GatorZone Schedule Tickets Recreational Sports  Gyms Health  Safety Campus Safety Emergency Management Police Student Health Care Center Housing Residence Life Facilities On-Campus Housing Off Campus Life Dining Locations Hours Meal Plans Menus Student Involvement Greek Affairs Community Service Multicultural Affairs Student Government Inside UF Happenings Matt  Kim headline free concert July 12 at Flavet Field July 2, 2013 Summer B semester brings slew of cultural opportunities June 21, 2013 Athletics Womens Basketball Unveils 2013-14 Schedule August 27, 2013 XC Coach Paul Spangler Previews 2013 With Media Monday August 27, 2013 Research Research Administration Funding Opportunities Training Forms and Documents Proposal/Awards Database Contacts Research Foundation Rules Forms Professors Contacts Project Inquiry Technology Licensing Information for Faculty News Available Technologies Faculty Entrepreneurs Contact Information Undergraduate Research Journal of Undergraduate Research Research Database University Scholars Program Research Support Internal Support External Support Limited Application Programs Centers and Institutes UF Centers UF Institutes State of Florida Listing Research News Scoring system could help reduce adverse drug events in hospital patients August 27, 2013 UF: Floridians’ confidence in economy stays same in August August 27, 2013 UF: Innovation Hub spawns 250 jobs in just 20 months August 26, 2013 UF's Ecomonic Impact Services Business, Goods  Services Bookstore IFAS Bookstore Campus Shop Sport Shop Purchasing Advertising  Public Relations Health, Fitness  Safety Campus Safety Emergency Management Police Student Health Care Center Recreational Facilities Disability Resource Center Human Services Registrar Financial Aid Student Legal Services Baby Gator Religious Organizations Multicultural Affairs Construction  Maintenance Campus Planning Projects Maintenance Computing Accounts  Connections Software GatorLink Transportation  Parking Maps Transit  Commuting Accessible Transport Home Campus Life Arts Arts Community Service Athletics  Recreation Housing  Dining Student Involvement Health  Safety Arts Museums, Galleries  Visual Arts The  Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art  has a permanent collection of more than 8,000 original works including paintings, sculptures, prints, ceramics, photographs and cultural objects. Among the artistic traditions represented are those of the Americas, Asia, Africa, Europe and the South Pacific Islands. The museum also features a variety of changing exhibitions, and a full range of educational programs. Admission is free. The  Florida Museum of Natural History  is Floridas state museum of natural history, dedicated to understanding and preserving biological diversity and cultural heritage. With more than 25 million specimens of amphibians, birds, butterflies, fish, mammals, mollusks, reptiles, fossils and plants, the Florida Museum is the largest natural history museum in the Southeast. Admission is free. The  College of Design, Construction and Planning Gallery  hosts regular displays of student projects, and also showcases traveling exhibitions of significant works from noteworthy architects past present, providing you with exposure to historical precedents and contemporary currents in the field.  the gallery  in the J. Wayne Reitz Union features artwork by UF students, faculty, staff, and alumni. The  College of Fine Arts   School of Art and Art History  supports three campus galleries. The  University Gallery  hosts six exhibitions per year that bring current ideas in contemporary art to UF students and the surrounding community. The  Focus Gallery  provides exhibition spaces for students of the College of Fine Arts to show their work in a public forum.  Grinter Gallery  in Grinter Hall exhibits art created by international students and area artists, as well as traveling shows of internationally based art.  WARPhaus , opened in October 2010, features studio classrooms, a covered outdoor workspace, and a gallery for rotating exhibitions of student artwork. Additionally, the College of Fine Arts School of Art and Art History supports the  Harn Eminent Scholar Chair in Art History Program  (HESCAH) which holds lecture series and symposia featuring distinguished art historyscholars from all over the world. Music  Concerts UF Performing Arts  hosts a variety of musical and theatrical events in three venues. The  Phillips Center for the Performing Arts  attracts world-class symphony orchestras, Broadway plays, opera and large-scale ballet performances to its 1,800-seat facility. The  University Auditorium  includes a concert stage, seating for 867 and is suitable for musical concerts, special lectures, convocations and less technically demanding dance concerts and pageants. It is one of several university buildings included in the National Register of Historic Places . The  Baughman Center  is a small facility (seating capacity of 96) for silent meditation, public performances, weddings, memorial services, honorary society acknowledgments, and related types of activities. The College of Fine Arts  School of Music  produces many music events throughout the year including jazz, choral, orchestral, band and other solo and ensemble performances by students, faculty and guest artists. UFs landmark Century Tower houses a cast-bell  carillon ; one of only four such instruments in Florida. The Sunday Afternoon Concert Series offers listeners the chance to hear the UF Carillon performed in a 50-minute recital. The Carillon can also be heard on special UF occasions as well as 15-minute concerts some weekdays. Student Government Productions  sponsors performances by touring artists in the Stephen C. OConnell Center . Check the calendars of special events for upcoming concerts and dates. Theatre  Dance The  Curtis M. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts  also hosts UF Department of Theatre and Dance productions and local ballet performances in addition to the large variety of Broadway plays, operas and ballets. The College of Fine Arts  School of Theatre and Dance  hosts numerous musical, theatrical and dance events on campus in its Constans Theatre, Black Box Theatre and Dance Studios in the Nadine MacGuire Theatre and Dance Pavilion. The  H.P. Constans Theatre , adjacent to the Reitz Union, houses a 420-seat proscenium theatre, and State Two, a black box theatre with approximately 40 seats. Tickets for events at the Constans Theatre, Phillips Center, OConnell Center  various other campus venues are sold at the  University of Florida Box Office . Radio  Television UF’s  College of Journalism and Communications  is home to two television stations and four radio stations and a number of media-related websites including the Colleges primary news and information site for the Gainesville-Ocala market WUFT.org. WUFT-TV , Channel 5, has been the home of Public Broadcasting in north central Florida since 1958 and remains a leader in providing the highest quality educational, entertainment and news programming. WUFT-TVs award-winning local newscast, produced entirely by UF telecommunications and journalism students, airs weeknights at 5:30 pm. WRUF-TV launched in 2011 as the regions leading source of local weather information and University of Florida Gator athletics.  Through a unique and cutting-edge partnership with University Athletic Association, WRUF-TV provides viewers with a behind the scenes look at the Florida Gators, live Gator athletic events and local newscasts from the WUFT-TV news department. WUFT-FM  (Florida’s 89.1, WUFT-FM) and its satellite station, WJUF-FM, are public radio stations serving North Florida and are the markets leader in local news and information. WUFT-FM/WJUF-FM are National Public Radio affiliates and are typically one of the top-rated radio stations in Gainesville. WRUF-AM  or more commonly known as WRUF, Sportsradio 850, was Gainesville’s first local radio station, is one of the oldest in Florida and has been the home of the Florida Gators for more than 70 years. WRUF, Sportsradio 850 serves 13 counties in north Florida with six+ hours of local sportstalk daily from its 5,000-watt transmitter. WRUF-FM , Country 103.7, The Gator, is one of the markets leading commercial radio stations broadcasting with a 100,000-watt signal to more than 16 counties in the region.  WUFT.org forms the basis for the Colleges local news and multimedia content operation.  The combination of commercial and public radio and television properties paired with an extensive suite of web products positions the  University of Floridas College of Journalism  Communications uniquely among institutions in the world educating tomorrows media professionals. Arts  Academics Interdisciplinary centers within the  College of Fine Arts  enable traditional academic units ( Art and Art History ,  Music  and  Theatre and Dance ) to become part of a global campus. Through collaborative, multidisciplinary and intercultural arts projects, the Center for World Arts  and the  Digital Worlds Institute  connect UF to the world through productions, cutting-edge technology, exhibitions and the creation of new works. The Center for Arts in Healthcare  is committed to advanced research, education and practice in the arts and healthcare, locally and globally. The Center for Arts in Healthcare was developed as the educational component to the  Shands Arts in Medicine  program which connects volunteer community artists and artists-in-residence with patients, families and staff.  WebMail e-Learning ISIS myUFL Campus Map News Calendar Directory Web Site Listing Ask UF Text-only Version About This Site Disability Services Privacy Policy Regulations Contact Webmaster  2013 University of Florida , Gainesville, FL 32611; (352) 392-3261 Page Updated January 31, 2012 This page uses Google Analytics ( Google Privacy Policy ) [if lt IE 7 ]> DD_belatedPNG.fix('img, .png_bg'); 