 Search for:  advertisers area maps about us contact us request your copy special offers upcoming events  Accommodations Arts  Entertainment Attractions Business Opportunities Catering Communities Downtown Education Festivals Golf Healthcare Real Estate For Sale Restaurants Retirement Salons/Spas Shopping Water Activities Weddings Wineries Carolina, Kure Beach Figure Eight Island Hampstead Oak Island Southport Topsail Island Wrightsville Beach Arts  Entertainment Sublinks Theater, Music and Nightlife A Thriving Theater Scene Childrens Theatre Comedy Tonight Diverse Performance Sites Enjoy Free Concerts Late Night Food Majestic Thalian Hall Music From Beaches To Downtown Wilmingtons Popular Music Scene Entertainment and Nightlife The city and its residents have enthusiastically generated and supported artistic endeavors all throughout Wilmington’s history. Cape Fear residents embrace theater arts in all its forms, from productions featuring children of all ages, to amateur shows held throughout the area, to musicals and dramas that originally earned Broadway awards, to Shakespeares plays, to thriving comedy clubs that attracts performers who have appeared on Comedy Central and late night television shows. The people who live here are willing to support and sustain a sizable theater arts community, which gives the locals plenty of choices for entertainment throughout the year. Theater support in Wilmington has existed so long, in fact, that Wilmington hosts the oldest community theater in North Carolina. Thalian Association Founded When Thalian Hall was constructed, Wilmington was a bustling and growing city with an active theatrical group, the Thalian Association , dating back to 1788. Continuing to this day, Thalian Association, which will celebrate its 225th anniversary in 2013, has contributed substantially to Wilmington’s cultural scene and its importance was recognized when it earned the honor of being named the Official Community Theater of North Carolina. Signs announcing that designation are proudly displayed on major roads leading to Wilmington. Each year, Thalian Association presents several plays and musicals that are very well received. Young thespians are given the opportunity to perform also. Children age 7-10 can participate in workshops throughout the year. The Thalian Association Children’s Theatre (TACT) stages five productions annually that showcase the talents of students from age 11 through high school seniors. In 2012, their production of Guys and Dolls won Best Children’s Production at Wilmington’s Theater Awards. Thalian Association’s activities are not limited to theater productions. They present the Orange Street Arts Fest in May each year. They also professionally manage the Hannah Block Historic USO, home to Wilmington’s Community Arts Center, offering classes in a wide array of artistic disciplines. Performing and visual community arts groups can rehearse, perform, display and teach their various art forms at little or no charge thanks to Thalian Association’s management of the Center.  home | advertisers | area maps | about us | contact us | request your copy | upcoming events | site map Copyright  2009-2013 Wilmington Today LLC | 1213 Culbreth Drive | Wilmington, NC 28405 | 910.509.7195 | website design by The Dude Design, Inc. 