 Home News Weather Video Special Reports Sports Politics Traffic News Team Top Local Metro Boston Metro West North South Worcester Cape  Islands National World Entertainment Must See Entertainment Bass nixes 'N Sync reunion; dishes on Miley Cyrus NEW YORK -- Don't get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second `N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. The performance marked the first time the band played... Updated: Today at 7:59 am EDT Comments | Share Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs LOS ANGELES -- Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction and former love interest Harry Styles took the stage for the MTV Video Music Awards? Updated: Today at 12:46 pm EDT Comments | Share Kate Gosselin sues ex over book, alleges hacking PHILADELPHIA -- Former reality TV star Kate Gosselin filed a lawsuit Monday accusing her ex-husband of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer to get material for a tell-all book. Updated: Today at 8:06 am EDT Comments | Share Music Review: Another portrait of Bob Dylan Bob Dylan, "Another Self Portrait (1969-1971): The Bootleg Series Vol. 10" (Columbia) Updated: Today at 8:05 am EDT Comments | Share Bass nixes 'N Sync reunion; dishes on Miley Cyrus NEW YORK -- Don't get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second `N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. The performance marked the first time the band played together in 11 years, and also the last time they'll do it, at least for a while. Updated: Today at 8:04 am EDT Comments | Share Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm DETROIT -- She didn't sing a note or write a lick of a lyric, but Smokey Robinson contends that Maxine Powell was as essential to Motown Records' operation as the legendary label's songwriters, producers and musicians. Updated: Today at 8:05 am EDT Comments | Share Winfrey, Foxx to join March on Washington events WASHINGTON -- Oprah Winfrey, Jamie Foxx and Forest Whitaker are among the celebrities joining three presidents this week to mark the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington. Updated: Today at 8:06 am EDT Comments | Share Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs NEW YORK -- Miley Cyrus' memorable moment at the MTV Video Music Awards may not have been good for her, but it was great for MTV and social media. Updated: Yesterday at 11:49 pm EDT Video | Comments | Share Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm DETROIT -- A chief architect of "the Motown sound" is paying tribute to another pioneer responsible for developing the charm, grace and style of the legendary Detroit label's roster of artists. Updated: Yesterday at 9:00 pm EDT Comments | Share James Brown biopic to be filmed in Mississippi JACKSON, Miss. -- Tate Taylor, the Mississippi native who directed "The Help," said Monday that he'll make a biographical feature film about James Brown in the state, starting this fall. Updated: Yesterday at 8:58 pm EDT Comments | Share 'The Butler' stays on top with $17 million NEW YORK -- "Lee Daniels' The Butler" served up a second helping at the box office, topping the weekend with $17 million according to studio estimates Sunday. Updated: 08/25/13 at 6:25 pm EDT Comments | Share Michelle Obama, daughters see 'Trip to Bountiful' NEW YORK -- Michelle Obama and her daughters caught Broadway's "The Trip to Bountiful" after spending part of the day watching tennis at the U.S. Open. Updated: 08/25/13 at 6:19 pm EDT Comments | Share New biography claims more Salinger books due out NEW YORK -- The authors of a new J.D. Salinger biography are claiming they have cracked one of publishing's greatest mysteries: What "The Catcher in the Rye" novelist was working on during the last half century of his life. Updated: 08/25/13 at 6:17 pm EDT Comments | Share Julie Harris, Broadway star, dies at 87 NEW YORK -- Julie Harris, one of Broadway's most honored performers, whose roles ranged from the flamboyant Sally Bowles in "I Am a Camera" to the reclusive Emily Dickinson in "The Belle of Amherst," died Saturday. She was 87. Updated: 08/25/13 at 6:16 pm EDT Comments | Share Patrick Dempsey out of Tully's Coffee venture SEATTLE -- Actor Patrick Dempsey and his business partner in the venture that acquired Tully's Coffee out of bankruptcy have dissolved their partnership. Updated: 08/24/13 at 7:08 pm EDT Comments | Share Wong Kar-wai has a hit with 'The Grandmaster' LOS ANGELES -- Wong Kar-wai swears he's seen people fly. The acclaimed Hong Kong director crossed China meeting 100 kung fu masters as research for "The Grandmaster," his new film about Bruce Lee's teacher. Updated: 08/24/13 at 7:12 pm EDT Comments | Share Funeral held for author Elmore Leonard in Michigan BIRMINGHAM, Mich. -- Mike Lupica moved his tie out of the way and undid a few buttons of his dress shirt to reveal a simple black T-shirt that read: "Not now. I'm writing." Updated: 08/24/13 at 7:06 pm EDT Comments | Share Alec Baldwin and wife give birth to daughter in NY NEW YORK -- Actor Alec Baldwin and his wife have given birth to a baby girl in New York. Updated: 08/24/13 at 5:49 pm EDT Comments | Share Kanye West unveils photo of baby on TV's `Kris' LOS ANGELES -- Baby North West has made her television debut. Updated: 08/23/13 at 10:36 pm EDT Comments | Share Sides agree to drop Paula Deen discrimination suit SAVANNAH, Ga. -- Lawyers signed a deal Friday to drop a discrimination and sexual harassment lawsuit against celebrity cook Paula Deen, who was dumped by the Food Network and other business partners after she said under oath that she had used racial slurs in the past. Updated: 08/24/13 at 7:10 pm EDT Comments | Share Page: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 [more video] Latest Entertainment [more] SPECIAL REPORTS SPECIAL REPORTS Health: Doctors should warn kids about tobacco Hank: Navy Yard Follow: owners have till Oct. 31 Health: Could the food you eat shorten your life span? Hank: Century-old graveyard discovered Health: New Lyme disease estimate: 300,000 cases a year Hank: Navy Yard Follow: More Time to Move Interactives Whitey Bulger President Obama Second Term Gun Control Pope Benedict XVI Local Event Calendars Kids Events Community Events Privacy Policy Program Schedule Community Calendar Advertise with Us Job Openings Internships Expedient Terms of Use Contact Us Closed Caption Concerns FCC Public File EEO Public File Reports Copyright 2013 Sunbeam Television Corp. 