  Home Shopping Cart Sign In Register Help Contact Us Terms and Conditions About Us CLICK ON ITEM PICTURE OR TITLE FOR MORE PRODUCT INFO This class is used to pad text content in the cols, so that the cols don't need side padding that would then require box model hacking for IE5.x/win Everything is in Stock in OUR Warehouse  Special of The Month RIGID Halo LED Flashlight Rechargeable Kit-The Coolest!! ONLY $94.95  Special of The Month Complete 138db Triple Trumpet VIAIR 1/2 Gallon 120psi /Air Horn Package Economy Train Horn Kit-Compact Size Only $219.90 *Quick & Easy Install* Special of The Month Let Em Hear Ya Charging!! Calvary Charge Musical Air Horn Only $57.90 *Easy Install* Special of The Month Complete 152db+ BIG RIG Truck Air Horn VIAIR 20005/Air Horn Package Only $374.90 *Easy Install*  Special of The Month Dash Mount Emergency Warning Lights 15 Flash Modes Only $199.90 *FREE SHIPPING* Customer Photo BLOG-Click HERE We invite you to browse through our online store and shop with confidence. This is a verified secure site(see below). We invite you to create an account with us if you like, or shop as a guest. Either way, your shopping cart will be active until you leave the store. We specialize in Assured Performance exhaust products, air horns, air horn kits, VIAIR on board and portable 12v air systems . It does not stop there, check out our many other auto and truck upgrades. Assured Performance train horn and truck air horns are top quality and are available up to 152db+ earth shaking loud. Looking for an easy to install 135db Plug-n-Play horn that includes a compressor and does not require a reservoir tank, we have them. Looking to get the attention of others from over a half mile away?? You may want to step up to our BEHEMOTH Series air horn kits with VIAIR Air Systems. Assured Automotive has the largest section of air horns available. Assured Automotive is a Air Lift air suspension dealer. Looking for stability in your ride for towing or performance, Air Lift is the answer. We can put a combo kit together for you with Air Lift Air Suspension, VIAIR Air System  Assured Performance Air Horn. Combo Kits will save you alot of your hard earned money. Our Assured Performance exhaust tips are 100% T304 Stainless Steel. We have the largest selection of exhaust tips online at jobber prices. Available in Dual Outlet tip, rectangle outlet tip, classic 18'' round and even LED exhaust tips. Our Assured Performance tips are unique and are available from 2.25 inch inlets to 5 inch inlet for the diesel guys. Be sure to see our "Black Powder" Black Exhaust Tips . Available in Gloss and Flat Finishes. Assured Automotive carries a line of High Flow Stainless Steel Catalytic Converters . These Cats are OBDII and EUROIII compliant. Includes warranty. Looking for a chambered performance muffler?? Assured Auto is your answer!! Save up to 70% on our mufflers. From Polished Stainless Steel Glasspacks to Ceramic Coated mufflers. Our product line does not end there!! We have Assured Performance "Night Glow" and "Plasma" Auto Gauges . If you are looking to jazz up the interior of your ride, these gauges are exactly what you need. Protect your fuel investment while you chrome up your vehicle with Assured Performance Billet Aluminum Locking Fuel Doors . Available for almost every Domestic Truck and SUV. Tired of wimpy less than sufficient lights on your ride?? Assured Automotive Company has the answer for you. We're an authorized dealer of RIGID Industries LED Lights. Turn the dark desert night into daytime driving with RIGID off road lights. From the D2 and Dually 2x2 Lights to the E-Series Light Bars to the NEW SR-Series Single Row LED Light bars. We also carry the SR-M Series and the all new SR-Q Series mini LED light bars. If you are looking for a flush mount LED light, check out Rigid's Flush Mount Series LED Lights. Rigid also has OE Vehicle Mounting kits for the Ford Raptor SVT, Ford Super Duty, Dodge Ram, Jeep JK and TL, Toyota Tacoma, Tundra and FJ Crusier. These OE kits are easy to install and make mounting a breeze. Let us set you up with lighting for your car, truck, SUV, RV, ATV, UTV and even your motorcycle. AACo also carries a full line of RIGID Mounts, Cover and Accessories for your new RIGID Industry LED Light. Check out our Jeep Stuff. We carry a full line of Jeep Aftermarket Parts . If you are looking to dress up your Jeep or add high performance components to it then you are on the right site. Chrome add-on like fuel door covers and steps and bars. Light up the dark night with our Rigid Jeep LED Light Kits , specifically designed for easy bolt up mounting on Jeep JK and TJ. Viair introduced direct bolt up on board air systems for the Jeep JK. The Viair ADA and 2on2 systems include all the hardware needed to install. These kits are must for when you are on or off the trail. We are continually adding more products to our Jeep section. If you don't see it here, call us. You can purchase our quality items using the safe and secure SSL protected site using payment method of PAYPAL or Credit Card. You can also call us TOLL FREE and place your order with a knowledgeable sales representative. Our promise to our customer is that we will not forget you after the purchase. Our knowledgeable staff will assist you with any tech support after your purchase. You will be so impressed you will come back to us for your next purchase and bring a friend or two. Check out our product categories on this page and click on the picture or the headers to see more info on any of our quality items. Enjoy your visit and check back often. We are always adding new products at wholesale prices. Thank you for visiting ASSURED AUTOMOTIVE COMPANY.com Mesa, Arizona U.S.A. Air Lift Suspension (47) Catalytic Converters Hi-Performance(8) Exhaust Install Products(11) Exhaust Tips-100% T304 Stainless Steel(247) Fuel Doors-BILLET(31) Gauge Holders 2 1/16(52mm)(8) Great Gift Ideas(84) Jeep Parts  Accessories(25) Performance Gauges(22) RIGID LED Lights(144) Sirens-PA-Lights(7) Horns-Air  Elec. Powered(102) VIAIR Air Systems  Components(96)  Test Test    Price: $0.00  Subscribe Quick Search Advanced Search Our Products Air Lift Suspension Catalytic Converters Hi-Performance Exhaust Install Products Exhaust Tips-100% T304 Stainless Steel Fuel Doors-BILLET Gauge Holders 2 1/16(52mm) Great Gift Ideas Jeep Parts  Accessories Performance Gauges RIGID LED Lights Sirens-PA-Lights Horns-Air  Elec. Powered VIAIR Air Systems  Components Featured Items Terms and Conditions About Us ------------------------------------------------Remarketing tags may not be associated with personally identifiable information or placed on pages related to sensitive categories. See more information and instructions on how to setup the tag on: http://google.com/ads/remarketingsetup------------------------------------------------- Copyright  2006-2013 Assured Automotive Company. All rights reserved.  