  Mommies Like This Stuff! Mom-Approved Product Reviews  Which Convertible Car Seat is Best for Tall Babies? If you have been searching for the perfect convertible car seat for your tall baby, youve probably been looking at the height and weight limits that each car seat advertises. If your baby is tall, and you want the convertible car seat that will last the longest, you have to look beyond the stated limits on each car seats box. The vast majority of the time, children outgrow car seats by height rather than by weight. However, it gets even more confusing than that! Kids generally outgrow their car seats by seated shoulder height rather than total height. What does that mean? When a child is sitting on a car seat, her seated shoulder height is her height measured while she is sitting down until the top of her shoulder. So it is entirely possible that two children will have the exact same total height while standing, yet, have different seated shoulder heights because they are proportioned differently! Child A may have a long torso and short legs, while Child B would have a short torso and long legs! Child As seated shoulder height would be greater than that of Child B, even though their total heights may be identical! Therefore, when you are looking for a convertible car seat to last a long time, one of the most important factors to consider is the seated shoulder height limit. Click here to check out daily 20%-60% discounts on Amazon for these car seats for today: Sales are subject to change daily! These are the top convertible car seats recommended for TALL BABIES! They have a taller shell and more leg room than comparable convertibles, so that youll get the biggest bang for your buck, and your car seat will last for many happy, healthy years of happy traveling! Convertible Car Seats Recommended for TALL BABIES Best Price Reviews, ratings, and weight limits Diono Radian RXT # of reviews: 64 Average rating: 4.5 Rear facing: 5-45 lbs. Forward facing: 20-80 lbs. Booster: up to 120 lbs. The First Years True Fit C670 Premier # of reviews: 66 Average rating: 4.3 Rear facing: 5-35 lbs. Forward facing: 23-65 lbs. Graco My Ride 65 # of reviews: 146 Average rating: 4.1 Rear facing: 5-40 lbs. Forward facing: 20-65 lbs. Evenflo Triumph 65 DLX # of reviews: 31 Average rating: 4.3 Rear facing: 5-40 lbs. Forward facing: 20-65 lbs. Safety 1st Air Protect # of reviews: 33 Average rating: 3.9 Rear facing: 5-40 lbs. Forward facing: 22-50 lbs.  Speak Your Mind Tell us what you're thinking... and oh, if you want a pic to show with your comment, go get a gravatar ! Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website * What You Need To Know BEFORE You Buy a Car Seat! * Top 5 Convertible Car Seats Under $100 Top 5 Convertible Car Seats Under $200 Top 5 Convertible Car Seats Under $250 * Comparison Chart of ALL Convertible Car Seats * Comprehensive Car Seat Reviews! Britax Advocate 70 CS Convertible Car Seat Reviews Britax Boulevard 70 Convertible Car Seat Reviews Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat Reviews Britax Marathon 65 Convertible Car Seat Reviews Britax Roundabout 55 Convertible Car Seat Reviews Britax Roundabout 40 Convertible Car Seat Reviews Combi Coccoro Convertible Car Seat Reviews Evenflo Triumph Advance LX Convertible Car Seat Reviews Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat Reviews Recaro ProRide Convertible Car Seat Reviews Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible Car Seat Reviews Safety 1st Complete Air Convertible Car Seat Reviews The First Years True Fit Convertible Car Seat Reviews The First Years True Fit Premier Convertible Car Seat Reviews Side-by-Side Car Seat Comparisons Britax Marathon Vs. Boulevard Britax Boulevard Vs. Britax Pavilion Evenflo Triumph Advance Vs. Evenflo Symphony 65 Britax Boulevard 70 Vs. Britax Boulevard 70 CS Britax Marathon 70 Vs. Britax Roundabout 55 Old Britax Marathon 70 Vs. New Marathon G3? Britax Boulevard 70 CS Vs. Britax Advocate 70 CS Old Britax Advocate 70 CS Vs. New Britax Advocate 70 G3 Old Britax Boulevard 70 Vs. New Britax Boulevard 70 G3 Evenflo Triumph Advance Vs. Britax Marathon Britax Marathon Vs. The First Years True Fit Britax Marathon Vs. Britax Frontier Britax Marathon Vs. Britax Boulevard Vs. Britax Decathlon Britax Marathon Vs. Sunshine Kids Radian Britax Marathon 70 Vs. Graco MyRide 65 Evenflo Triumph Advance LX Vs. Evenflo Triumph Advance DLX Car Seat FAQ's Which are the Best Convertible Car Seats for Tall Babies? Which are the Best Car Seats for Small Cars? Which are the Best Car Seats for Preemies? What's New About the Britax G3 Car Seats? Car Seat Accessories Car Seat Carriers for Traveling in Airports Car Seat Mirrors Can Save a Life! Tray Tables for Car Seats Seat Protectors to use Under the Car Seat Car Seat Resources All About LATCH! Britax Car Seats Register your car seat online Britax Convertible Lockoff Updates Rear-Facing Car Seat Laws Return to top of page Copyright  2013  All Rights Reserved  Log in Ellen C. Braun is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. FTC Required Website Disclosure: You should assume that the Owner of this Website has an affiliate relationship and/or another material connection to the providers of goods and services mentioned in this website and may be compensated when you purchase from a provider. You should always perform due diligence before buying goods or services online. The Owner does not accept payment or merchandise in exchange for the reviews themselves. They are written objectively and with honesty. 