 Phoenix Arizona Things To Do - Phoenix Arizona Entertainment Guide Shopping Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Buy  Sell LaVozArizona.com SUBSCRIBE NOW and get 3 months for the price of 1 SUBSCRIBE Log in My account Register e-Newspaper Help Hi,  My account Newsletters Help Log out Manage my account e-Newspaper Hi,  My account Newsletters Help Log out Subscribe Register Username / E-mail: Password: Forgot password? All azcentral.com Articles Calendar Businesses/Services News azcentral's Best Arizona Republic 12 News Boomers Healthy Living Crime reports Immigration lavozarizona.com Neighborhoods MyTown Nation/World Offbeat Obituaries Paid archive Photos Traffic Video Sports Diamondbacks/MLB Suns/NBA Mercury Cardinals/NFL Coyotes/NHL Golf High schools ASU Sun Devils UA Wildcats Insiders Photos Video Scores  stats Pick 'ems On TV Money ABG Business Basics Calculator Economic snapshot For rent Home sales Home values Homes for sale Housing news Insiders Jobs Markets Mortgage rates Republic 100 Things to do Dining Events Music Movies Nightlife Kids Arts Celebrities Best TV Dining blogs Comics Horoscopes Puzzles Events listings Blog: Seftel Restaurant Gems Arts venues Summer Guide Fall Guide Politics AZ Fact Check Political Insider AZ DC Immigration Meet My Lawmakers Sunday Square Off Benson cartoons Opinion Montini Roberts Benson Robb MacEachern Valdez Allhands Thompson Send a letter Watchdog Submit a tip Government Public Safety Education Border Sports Travel AZ Travel Guides Hike/ Outdoors AZ Road Trips Dining/ Hotels Arizona History Your Travels Travel blogs Getaway Tips Travel photos Submit a photo Now Departing Food  Home Recipes Food How To Cool Homes Home Antiques Wine Gardening/Outdoors DIY Dining Healthy Living Health Boomers Diet  Nutrition Exercises Fitness Your Health Recreation Sports Thrive Cancer Central FROM OUR SPONSOR Traffic Weather Arizona radar Fire outlook Phoenix radar Monsoon meter Monthly chart U.S. radar Wind speed 103 Phoenix  Log in Login with Facebook Are you currently a subscriber? Set up your digital access now  Email address: Password: Reset your password? Log in Need help? Call (800) 332-6733  Or Chat Now Users of this site agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions  Would you like to share your digital subscription? You can share your full access digital subscription with a friend by simply entering in their email address. Click below to proceed. Share now Remind me No thanks  Ahwatukee | Chandler | Gilbert | Glendale | Mesa | Peoria | Phoenix | Pinal | Queen Creek | Scottsdale | Southwest Valley | Surprise | Tempe Things to do Dining Events Music Movies Nightlife Kids Arts Celebrities Best TV Comics Horoscope Summer Guide Fall Guide Things to do Labor Day: Events August singles Week's top events Labor Day: 30 events during the weekend You can stay home and chill for the long Labor Day weekend, or you can take part in one or more of these great events. Labor Day: Getaways | Deals | Resort deals | Dining Best August singles: David Bowie, Janelle Monae Bowie tops our countdown of best August singles, where hes joined by such youngsters as Drake, Janelle Monae bringing the heat with Miguel, and Kanye West, as well as such lesser-known artists as Courtney Barnett and Chelsea Wolfe. Top 10 things to do this week Check out Phoenix Cooks!, Black Sabbath, comedian Damon Wayans, Il Volo, Joe Satriani and more. Concerts of the week | New movie releases Celebrities More Celebrity News | Photos After Miley Cyrus' wild MTV Video Music Awards performance of Sunday night, the star is moving on by tweeting new photos of herself in provocative poses. Miley Cyrus moves on with new racy photos Reports: Monica Belluci, Cassel to divorce Duchess Kate is thin again Radio star Piolin sues former employees Lady Gaga has made Perez Hilton 'sad' Events More You can stay home and chill for the long Labor Day weekend, or you can take part in one or more of these great events. 30 events during Labor Day weekend Top 10 events this week Make plans: Biggest upcoming events in the Valley 8/26: WWE Monday Night Raw at US Airways Top 15 events for ASU students this year Nightlife Hot Lists | Events | Photos | More This week, check out Above  Beyond at Maya, SpaceWaster at Yucca Tap Room, end of summer specials at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess and more. Top parties this week in the Valley 30 hottest weekend party snapshots Top parties for ASU students Bars for ASU students: Phoenix Arizona Distilling Co. creates Copper City Bourbon Photos Daily Celebwatch Fitz's Supper Club Weekend parties rewind Hells City Tattoo Festival Animal Mask Party DJ Carnage, Phoenix Ra sushi 101 Rogue Bar, Scottsdale Krewella at Maya July: Celebrity Twitter photos August Celebrity Birthdays Hot Shots of the Week Dining 8/30-10/23: 32 dining events 20 spots for grilled meat 8/31: The Gladly restaurant opens on Camelback 20 restaurants for bruschetta in the Valley Chestnut Fine Food to open in Phoenix Check out a bacon-making class, the Roosevelt Row Chile Pepper Festival, Tempe Oktoberfest and more. Movies More 10 best music documentaries New movie releases: Closed Circuit, Getaway Joss Whedon backs Ben Affleck as Batman Liam feels like crying watching 'One Direction' movie 'The Butler' stays on top at box office One Direction: This Is Us is a 3-D fan letter to the boy band. If you want something meatier, here are the 10 best music documentaries. Music More Best August singles: David Bowie, Janelle Monae Hotlist: Best MTV VMAs performances Shows of the week | August local shows 15 best music videos of 2013 August concert guide: Black Sabbath, Mac Miller Bowie tops our countdown of best August singles, where hes joined by such youngsters as Drake, Janelle Monae bringing the heat with Miguel, and Kanye West, as well as such lesser-known artists as Courtney Barnett and Chelsea Wolfe. Arts More Books: New and noteworthy for the week of Aug. 25 Gallery Glimpse: 'Larry Kornegay  Bill Timmerman' Tuck these tasty reads in your summer beach bag 13 weeks of summer museums Ros fits naturally in role of poet laureate | Ros Arizonas first poet laureate Check out these new and noteworthy books that go on sale the week of August 25. Kids  Families More Children can cheer up the elderly and find own joy Simple service projects for the family Back-to-School Picture Books for Young Readers Back to school the healthy way Raising independent kids: What can a 4-year-old do? Help your children discover the joy of bringing a little happiness to an elderly loved one or friend. Reviews More Reviews The Worlds End, 4 stars The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, 2 stars Youre Next, 3.5 stars Aint Them Bodies Saints, 4 stars Austenland, 2 stars Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg, who made Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz so good, are back with another delightfully weird comedy. A bromance, really, with lots of laughs and some real emotion.  Select a category: Events Dining Movies Choose where: Search  Submit an Event AT A GLANCE  azcentral's BEST 2013 Nominate your favorite people, best places, businesses and things to do until Aug. 19. Deal Chicken Coupons and deals up to 90% off! We hatch local deals daily! Sign up today!  GET AZCENTRAL ANYWHERE  azcentral.com mobile editions Get azcentral.com on your phones and tablets for the latest news, sports, video, photos and much more from azcentral, The Arizona Republic and 12 News.  Get azcentral.com mobile!  Android | iPad | iPhone | iPhone Sports | AZ From our sponsor Banner Children's Total Kid for iPad Download your free copy of Total Kid, an interactive digital parenting magazine filled with trending health topics, videos, tips and activities. Sponsored by Banner Health. Sign up for text alerts Get the latest updates sent to your phone. Sign up for breaking news, weather, traffic, sports and celebrity alerts: Sign up now! azcentral.com mobile editionsFind RSS feeds for the latest Arizona news, sports, business and more. You'll also be able to select feeds ranging from great things to do to what's happening in your town!Just type azcentral.com into your device's Web browser and get a version of the site specific to your device. GET NEWS  INFORMATION VIA OUR EMAIL NEWSLETTERS Azcentral.com offers a wide variety of newsletters that range from breaking news, to sports, to events, to community news .. and much more: Sign up now! AZCENTRAL.COM ON TWITTER Follow our latest Twitter activity on topics ranging from breaking news to great shopping deals around the Valley. FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK Join thousands of azcentral.com fans on Facebook and get the day's most popular and talked-about Valley news, sports, entertainment and more - right in your newsfeed. You'll see what others are saying about the hot topics of the day.  Become a fan today From our sponsor Download your free copy of Mesa Educates U, an interactive app featuring Mesa and its higher education options for students. Featuring helpful information on degrees and study programs, student life, videos and upcoming events. Popular Topics Arizona Lottery Results Investigations Saving Arizona's Children AZ Fact Check Immigration Arizona's American Indians Boomer101 Economic Snapshot Western Jobs City Comparison Guide My Town Air We Breathe Fiesta Bowl Investigation Republic 100 Ask  Answered AZ Storytellers My Neighborhood Sheriff Joe Arpaio Who's Who In Business Valley Home Values Sitemap Homepage Arizona Lottery Healthy Living Business  Entrepreneurship Business Food  Home News Photos Sports Things To Do Travel Getaway Tips Videos Weather More of azcentral.com Ahwatukee news Chandler news Gilbert news Glendale news lavozarizona.com Mesa news Phoenix cars Phoenix homes for sale Phoenix homes for rent Phoenix jobs Phoenix news Pinal County news Scottsdale news Surprise news SW Valley news Tempe news Traffic Customer Service Mobile Apps RSS feeds Advertise with Republic Media Careers at The Republic FCC Online Public Inspection File EEO Public File Report Careers at 12 News Contact The Republic Media In Education Privacy Policy Manage My Account Subscribe to The Republic Terms of Service Partners USA Today Gannett Co. Inc. Apartments: apartments.com Cars: cars.com Dating: eHarmony.com Homes: Homefinder.com HomeGain Jobs: CareerBuilder.com Local Businesses Shopping: findnsave.azcentral.com  2013 azcentral.com. All rights reserved. | Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service , Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights and Ad Choices   