 Companies Rates Quotes Coverage When Auto Warranty Companies Compete You Get Better Pricing & Better Service! GET INSTANT QUOTES Where is your vehicle located? Drive in Long Beach, California with Peace of Mind An auto warranty, also considered a vehicle service agreement, protects you from unexpected major car repair bills, or from jeopardizing your job if you miss work because you cant get your car fixed or being stranded when your car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. What You Need to Know Many warranty companies rely on high pressure sales tactics to get you to buy an auto warranty. Beware of these firms because often they are here today and gone tomorrow. Instead find a warranty company that can answer your questions and help you understand how to get the most of your auto warranty and what mistakes to avoid. Our group of independent agents are trained to spend as much time as necessary sharing information with you before making a buying decision. See how it works What to Expect from an Auto Warranty If you are shopping for an auto warranty there are a handful of important aspects to consider. There are several unique benefits our representatives offer you won’t find elsewhere: Lowest Price Guarantee Plans Available for Most Models Save Up to 60% Off California Dealer Pricing Plans Accepted at All Nationwide Dealerships 24/7 Roadside Assistance $0  $100 Deductible Plans Available Coverage Up to 150,000 Miles Your next step is to find out if your auto qualifies for coverage. Qualification is determined by the year, make, model and mileage. Just submit the form for a free online quote and you’ll receive details about availability. It’s no hassle and no high sales pressure, but if youre still unsure than see our auto warranty guarantees. Audi Extended Warranty  BMW Extended Warranty  Chrysler Extended Warranty  Cadillac Extended Warranty  Chevy Extended Warranty  Dodge Extended Warranty  Ford Extended Warranty  GM Extended Warranty  GMC Extended Warranty   Honda Extended Warranty  Hyundai Extended Warranty  Infiniti Extended Warranty  Kia Extended Warranty  Lexus Extended Warranty  Mercedes Extended Warranty  Mercedes Benz Extended Warranty  Nissan Extended Warranty  Pontiac Extended Warranty  Toyota Extended Warranty  Auto Warranty  I found such peace of mind that I bought another service agreement for our truck we purchased. Thanks to Motor Vehicle Services for providing me with an affordableprotection and superior customer service. I have, and will continue, to recommend your services to all my friends! Michelle F. Long Beach, California "I am very impressed! You paid IMMEDIATELY and everything went through so quick, I was so amazed. I will never have a vehicle without a warranty!" Jenny R. Long Beach, California "I am very satisfied with the service that was given to me and the honesty that I received from your agent and I am certain that I will be even more satisfied with the service in the years to come." Albert K. Long Beach, California  Copyright © 2012 Motor Vehicle Protection All rights reserved Home | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Site Map | About Us | Articles [if lte IE 8]>