 pageok Sell Cars For Profit Learn the insider secrets of the used car biz and make money selling cars for a profit. pageok  Learn the insider secrets of the used car biz and... Make BIG money selling cars for a profit. Have you ever flipped a car? pageok pageok Hi, My name is Greg Boasberg, and I am the founder of sell-cars-for-profit.com . I'm here to tell you that you can make a lot of money buying and selling cars for a profit. The first car I ever flipped I bought for $1000. The next day I sold it for $1600. I made $600 for a couple hours work. After that it was in my blood. I was so excited I quit my teaching job and became a full time car flipper. Later on I got my dealers license and it's been a thrill ever since. I've been successfully buying and selling cars for a while now and want to help you. Now I usually make anywhere from $1000 to $1500 off of each used car I sell. Sometimes I make in the $2000 to $2500 dollar range. This is not a get rich quick scheme. Whether you're selling cheap cars or luxury cars, becoming successful takes practice and dedication. There are many benefits to being a car flipper and getting your dealers license. . The best deals on cars are at private dealer auctions. You can buy trade ins directly from New Car Stores dirt cheap. You can sell as many cars as you want. With your special dealer plates you can drive any vehicle in your inventory for business or pleasure. pageok pageok Just a few of the other benefits are: If you have a car dealer license, a smog certificate is good for two years. A smog certificate for a private party is only good for three months. If you have a car that's registration expired while in your inventory, when you sell it you wont have to pay the penalty fees. You have the prestige of owning your own business. You will reap all the benefits for your hard work! You get wholesale prices from Mechanics, Body Shops, Parts Stores, etc. and you don't have to pay taxes on any of them. Ready for this? You don't have to pay the high overhead on a car lot. That means more profit for YOU ! Want to make some extra money on the side, or get out of your dead end job? SELL USED CARS FOR PROFIT!!! let's get started. pageok For only $19.95 you will receive priceless information. I will teach you how to save big time on operating expenses. What does that mean? More cash for you to keep. You can use it to buy more inventory. You could also save it and start a buy here pay here operation. Sell your cars for more money. Finance your customers yourself and charge high interest rates. Why have some bank finance your customers when you can do it yourself. Why should they collect the interest and take a portion of your profit. That's not fair. The name of the game is making money right? When you're just starting out you're going to make a lot of mistakes. Not a good idea to take on high overhead when you're first starting out. The mistakes you make in the beginning can bury you. You can always get a big lot in the future. A lot of guys go out of business early. They get the lot with the high overhead and they do not know what they are doing. IF YOU WANT TO SURVIVE IN THIS BUSINESS you have to keep your overhead low in the beginning because you're going to make mistakes. How do we learn and grow in business? By trial and error. Hopefully we learn when we make mistakes and do things different the next time. I mean isn't that the story of life. Let me help you succeed. Learn how to get your dealers license without having to pay the overhead on a lot. Get Started Now!  pageok 