  Home Visit Exhibitions Support Education Events Facility Rental About Contact Store Our Museum Store is Open Visit the Dog House Garage! Get your hands on AACA Musuem gear and great gifts for the antique car buff in your family. Browse the store   Night At the Museum Wednesday, October 9, 2013 - 6pm to 10pm Celebrate with other enthusiasts for a fun filled night of friends and fellowship at the AACA Museum as we jump start another great meet week in Hershey! Learn More     Auto Appraisal Group  June 6-8, 2013  Attend the AAG insider information symposium. Learn about auto collecting from an industry leader. Seminar topics will include: Current Trends, Best Collector Car Investments, and How to Find Your Dream Car.   Learn More       Pop Culture and Cars May 17-Oct 13, 2013 Take a trip down memory lane as AACA brings popular culture items alongside popular cars of the 1950s-1970s. We will have everything from Poodle Skirts and Peace Signs to the cars from popular movies of the era like Smokey and the Bandit. Learn More   Enter To Win a 1973 Mustang! Drawing on October 12th, 2013 at the AACA Fall Meet. Each $20 ticket benefits the Antique Automobile Club of America, Library Research Center, and The AACA Museum.  Purchase Raffle Tickets   Beautiful Buicks  Buick 110th Anniversary May  October 13, 2013 Celebrate 110 years of Beautiful Buicks during AACAs 10 year anniversary exhibit line-up. Working in conjunction with the Buick Heritage Alliance we have a variety of Buick years, makes and models on display.  Exhibit Details   British Motorcycles in America March 15  October 17, 2013 Welcome Invasion: British Motorcycles in America is a retrospective of the classic British motorcycles imported to America from 1940 through the 1970s. Learn More  A UNIQUE  MEMORABLE HERSHEY VENUE Wedding Receptions and Social  Corporate Events The Antique Auto Museum at Hershey is an impressive special event venue that has quickly gained the reputation as one of Pennsylvania's most unique places for a wedding reception, cocktail reception, banquet or corporate event.  Learn more   Pop Culture and Cars British Invasion Night at the Museum Mustang Raffle Beautiful Buicks Gift Shop A Unique Venue Sizzling Summer Exhibits:  Pop Culture  Cars, British Invasion Motorcycles and 110 Years of Buick!   Two for $10 Admission Every Tuesday to celebrate our 10th Anniversary! Open Labor Day Monday - 9AM - 5PM Pop Culture  Cars, British Invasion Motorcycles and 110th Anniversary of Buick Exhibit are all new for this summer. Celebrate Whitney Houston's 50th Birthday with a ride in her Rolls Royce Limo! - Friday, August 9th.Oldsmobile, Buick  Pontiac classic  antique car show - Sunday, Aug. 11th 12-3:30PM - A great chance to see some fabulous cars outside on the Museum grounds as well as inside with our exhibits! Planning an Event? AACA Museum provides a unique venue for events! Guests capacity from 40 to 300 for seated banquets and wedding receptions. Host up to 600 guests for cocktail reception style events. learn more Become a Member Help preserve the legacy of motor vehicle history & the collector car hobby. The Museum offers a variety of membership levels geared to meet the needs of every Museum supporter. Learn about our membership offerings including the 161 Club . Download a membership brochure or contact us to request that a brochure be mailed to you.  learn more Museum Collection Eight decades of cars, buses, and memorabilia more  Come  Visit Something for everyone no matter what your age more  The Museum of Bus Transportation AACA Library  Research Center Antique Automobile Club of America Museum News El Tiburon Shark is now part of the AACA Museum Pop Culture Exhibit AACA Museum Recognized As Readers' Choice for Best Museum & Best Tourist Attraction Keep Up To Speed Love antique cars? Try our e-newsletter! Become a Volunteer Keep the Wheels Turning! Join the team of over 200 wonderful volunteers. We would like to acknowledge the PHMC for their operating grant to help fund the operations of the Museum. 2006-2013 Antique Auto Museum at Hershey | All Rights Reserved | Site Map 161 Museum Drive, Hershey, PA 17033 | 717-566-7100 web design by Develisys 