 Constraint kept separate from header so header can befixed above the page and still position correctly Skip to Content TIME Business & Money Sections  Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Style Opinion Photos Magazine Video LIFE.com Lists Sports Search Search TIME Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr RSS Apps  50 Coolest Websites 2005: Arts and Entertainment By Maryanne Murray Buechner Monday, June 20, 2005 Share Tweet SendtoKindle SAY CHEESE: Wallace and Gromit Email Print Share Facebook Twitter Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Reddit Digg Mixx Del.i.cious Google+ Reprints Follow @TIME Animation Aardman Animations www.aardman.com The official site of the studio that created Wallace, the hapless yet well-meaning,cheese-loving inventor, and Gromit, his faithful canine companion, is a treasure trove ofvideo clips (click on Show Reel) and links to character sites including www.wandg.com,where you can get a behind-the-scenes look at the making of Wallace & Gromit's firstfeature-length movie, The Curse of the Were-Rabbit , due in theaters in October. Books The Complete Review www.complete-review.com This well-organized, easy-to-search compendium of book reviewslast we checked, therewere 1,430 titles coveredincludes editor's picks and bestseller lists by year. Thesite links to (and vets) dozens of literary weblogs, from Bookninja to Mobylives to itsown Literary Saloon. The Review Index lets you search for books by author or title, genreor nationality; you can read the site's own review or click to read reviews publishedelsewhere. Classical Music Opus 1 Classical opus1classical.com A rich, expansive resource for music fans more into Handel than hip-hop, Opus 1 provides information on classical music concerts, festivals and opera in dozens of cities across the globe. You can browse by city and calendar month, or try the Venue Finder. Listings include program information and links to where to buy tickets. Collections New York Public Library's Digital Gallery digitalgallery.nypl.org Lose yourself in this vast collection of rare prints, vintage maps, manuscripts, posters,photographs, sheet-music covers, dust jackets, menus, cigarette cards and other artifacts.There are more than 300,000 digital images of original materials available for viewing.Access isfree, and you can download images to your computer for personal or research use. The MyDigital page will store your favorite discoveries along with your search history. Galleries The Museum of Online Museums www.coudal.com/moom.php This elegantly-designed portal links to established museum and gallery sites such as thoserun by the Museum of Modern Art, The Bauhaus Archive and The Art Institute of Chicago. Itwill also introduce you to countless other online collections, from Van Gogh's letters toChinese postage stamps to Manhole Covers of the World. For more, go to the MoOM Annex . Games Orisinal www.orisinal.com Dozens of free Web-based games, gorgeously designed and relatively simple to play, which is perfect for non-gamers looking for an engaging way to waste time. Choices are presented as icons on the home page (no names, no explanations) but this only heightens the joy of discovery. Keep spiders off your cake, protect dragonflies from rhinoceros beetles, toss tiny umbrellas to baby birds as they fall out of their nestall you need is your mouse and maybe your arrow keys to maneuver. For more silly diversions, try Little Fluffy Industries , which is part blog, part portal: editors review and link to new online games every day. Humor McSweeney's Internet Tendency www.mcsweeneys.net This site has amused and delighted fans for years, but has hit new levels of inspiration with funny bits like the recent Baseball Knowledge Will Not Help You Pick Up Girls. There's an archive full of Lists ( Embarrassing Things That Might Happen to You While Using a Lightsaber ) and Reviews of New Food (on blowing bubbles with Skittles gum: "You would have far better luck coaxing a sphere out of chewed-up crayon and oatmeal"). Affiliated with, but separate and distinct from, the quarterly print literary journal McSweeney's. More Funny Stuff Ze's Page www.zefrank.com The site began four years ago with "How To Dance Properly," a series of short looped video clips that web designer Frank posted online to amuse friends. The link was passed around like a virus you wanted to catch; within days millions had logged on, and a Web star was born. Today, Ze's page hosts a huge collection of interactive toys and games, comedic writings and humorous video monologues . Podcasting Podcast Bunker www.podcastbunker.com The Web's best source of talk radio for your iPod. Unlike other sites that offer podcasts for downloading, such as podcastalley.com and ipodder.org (two other good sources in their own right), Podcast Bunker evaluates each feed for audio quality and content and only lists the best stuff. Click the Quick Guide for the full list of recommended programs, plus 30-second previews. Radio Mercora www.mercora.com Got a fabulous digital music collection, but don't like breaking the law to share it? This peer-to-peer service is legal, because listeners don't actually download any music. Instead, they stream music on their computers that is webcast over the Internet by other members. (The company does have to pay webcasting royalties to copyright holders , and charges some user fees to cover them.) The offerings are listed in the traditional peer-to-peer way, noting artist, album, song titlein this case, the one currently playingand source. Basic service is free, but limited to 30 minutes of listening a day. For $5 a month ($48 if you pre-pay for the year) you get unlimited listening time and can save up to 10 hours of programming for listening later. Premier members can also download the IMDJ application and create up to five different channels. Honorable mention: Underheard.org , which makes independent and community radio available for streaming or downloading to your portable audio player. Television TV.com www.tv.com An ambitious guide to what's on television. The All Shows index is organized by category (Comedy, Drama, Children's Talk, Soaps, Reality, Sci-Fi and so on); browse from A to Z or by decade. You'll find everything from the Life and Times of Juniper Lee to The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin . But of the 14,000 shows in the database, only 2,500 of them have content that's fully fleshed out, so the idea is to have fans help fill in the rest. Register for a free account to write (or edit) plot summaries and episode recaps, contribute trivia tidbits or write reviews. (The website's editors review every submission before it is posted.) The News page reports tidbits like Patrick Stewart's heart-attack scare and Megan Mullally's talk show deal. For a snarkier take on what's on the tube, there's always televisionwithoutpity.com .  The Magazine Subscribe Martin Luther King Jr: Architect of the 21st Century '1963 is Not An End But a Beginning.' The Kickstarter Culture Wars Lessons on Race and History in The Butler Jobs, the Movie, Struggles With Jobs, the Man Table of Contents Subscribe Now Online Issue Archive Most Read 4 Reasons You're Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance Get Ready For a COLD Winter Zimmerman Wants Florida to Pay Legal Bills Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday The VMAs: The Best and Worst What DNA Testing Reveals About India's Caste System Olbermann's New Sports Talkshow Pulls No Punches (Well, Maybe Just a Couple) Russia and Iran Warn Against Intervention in Syria Welcome to the Golden Age of Mobile Miley Cyrus Really emIs/em the Girl Next Door: Predictable and Boring Most Emailed Get Ready For a COLD Winter The Plight of the Honeybee Mission All-But-Impossible: Destroying Syrias Chemical Weapons from the Air Olbermann's New Sports Talkshow Pulls No Punches (Well, Maybe Just a Couple) Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday Chopping Wood a Manlier Feel than Sports Why BMI Isn't The Best Measure for Weight (or Health) Zimmerman Wants Florida to Pay Legal Bills What DNA Testing Reveals About India's Caste System Hey, Technology Eras Were Meant to Have Beginnings and Endings More News from Our Partners CNN Reports: Apple will offer trade-ins for new iPhone Reports: Apple will offer trade-ins for new iPhone Facebook rolls out shared photo albums Huffington Post Billy Ray Cyrus Tweets Support For Miley Cyrus After VMAs Performance Rihanna, One Direction Are Not Impressed With Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance Miley Cyrus VMA Performance Of 'We Can't Stop' Hits MTV; Network Censors 'Molly' Lyric (VIDEO) DailyFinance.com Rick Perry's 'Cut, Balance and Grow' Flat Tax Plan: Big Savings, Bigger Costs The 4 Emotional Traps That Are Really Making Americans Miserable Money-Life Balance: What It Is and How to Get It Sponsored A Pragmatist's Guide for Living It's easy to make a financial decision based on what you need right now, but making an informed choice will benefit you in the long run. Meet a former Red Sox pitcher who picked security over an uncertain future TIME Newsletters See all Newsletters Free! Sign Up Now Breaking News Politics Entertainment LightBox and more... Your Email Go Voices Joel Stein Do Google Glasses Make Me Look Boring? James Poniewozik On Anna Gunn, the Skyler-Hating Sexists, and the Billion-Megaphone Era Richard Corliss The 99% Solution Rana Foroohar The End of TV as We Know It Joe Klein Trayvon's Death Is an Outrage, But ... Fareed Zakaria Little al-Qaedas Loom Large  iPad iPhone Android TIME TV Populist The Page TIME Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Photos Videos Lists Magazine  2013 Time Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights RSS Newsletter Mobile TIME For Kids Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Use Media Kit Reprints & Permissions Help Site Map Ad Choices Custom Content our partners  