 Home Check out our other sites: Home Book Reviews SuperCheap Free Users Guide Your Two Pence Worth About Us Cheapskates Category: Humour/Entertainment/Arts Heavenly Humor for the Teachers Soul: 75 Inspirational Readings (with Class!)  Only £1.33 0 comments Sunday, August 11th, 2013 @ 5:45am Need a good laugh? Who doesn’t? Find mirth and spiritual refreshment in Heavenly Humor for the Teacher’s Soul, featuring devotional readings drawn from fellow teachers and those who love them. Seventy-five readings will make you laugh, chuckle, chortle, and snicker. And every reading points you to the heavenly Father who knows all about you—and loves you completely. Buy this book today for only £1.33 . Click here to purchase Heavenly Humor for the Teachers Soul Read More.. Kris Jenner And All Things Kardashian  A memoir  Only £1.99 0 comments Friday, August 9th, 2013 @ 5:48am An ambitious businesswoman, Jenner will delve into the world of living a hectic life in the celebrity spotlight as well as touch on themes love, loss, marriage, divorce and motherhood, which should resonate with a wide range of women. Jenner will talk about being the mother of six children, her marriage to Olympic champion Bruce Jenner, her controversial parenting style, O.J. Simpson (She was married to the late Robert Kardashian, O.J.s defense lawyer and was the best friend of murdered Nicole Brown Simpson), her work in television (she is currently the executive producer of all four hit Kardashian shows  Keeping Up with the Kardashians, Kourtney and Khloe Take Miami, Kourtney and Kim Take New York, Khloe  Lamar). Buy this memoir for £1.99 today. Click here to purchase Kris Jenner And All Things Kardashian Read More.. Mozarts Women: His Family, His Friends, His Music  Only £1.49 0 comments Saturday, August 3rd, 2013 @ 5:48am Mozart was fascinated, amused, aroused, hurt, and betrayed by women. He loved and respected them, composed for them, performed with them. This unique biography looks at his interaction with each, starting with his family (his mother, Maria Anna and beloved and talented sister, Nannerl), and his marriage (which brought his other family, the Weber sisters). His relationships with his artists are examined, in particular those of his operas, through whose characters Mozart gave voice to the emotions of women who were, like his entire female acquaintance, restrained by the conventions and structures of eighteenth-century society. This is their story as well as his  and shows once again that a great part of the composer’s genius was in his understanding and musical expression of human nature. Evocative and beautifully written, Mozart’s Women illuminates the music, the man, and above all the women who inspired him. You can add this book to your Kindle library for £1.49 today. Click here to purchase Mozarts Women Read More.. First three book in the The Flashman Papers  Some of the greatest comic writing  Historical fiction  £1.99 each 0 comments Tuesday, July 2nd, 2013 @ 9:45am Flashman ( £1.99 ) Flashman and the Great Game takes our man into the world of Kim, as he spies for the British, dallies with a luscious maharani and  despite spectacular acts of spinelessness  not only survives the bloodbath of the Indian Mutiny but emerges with a Victoria Cross and a knighthood. Impossible to put down and some of the greatest comic writing of the last 100 years. Royal Flash ( £1.99 ) Flashman, the arch-cad and toady, matches his wits, his talents for deceit and malice, and above all his speed in evasion against the most brilliant European statesman and against the most beautiful and unscrupulous adventuress of the era. From London gaming-halls and English hunting-fields to European dungeons and throne-rooms, he is involved in a desperate succession of escapes, disguises, amours and (when he cannot avoid them) hand-to-hand combats. All the while, the destiny of a continent rests on his broad and failing shoulders. Flashmans Lady ( £1.99 ) Harry Flashman: the unrepentant bully of Tom Brown’s schooldays, now with a Victoria Cross, has three main talents – horsemanship, facility with foreign languages and fornication. A reluctant military hero, Flashman plays a key part in most of the defining military campaigns of the 19th century, despite trying his utmost to escape them all. When our hero Flashman accepts an invitation from his old enemy, Tom Brown of Rugby, to join in a friendly cricket match, he does not suspect that he is letting himself in for the most desperate game of his scandalous career. Had he known what lay ahead, Flashman would never have taken up cricket seriously. Read More.. Chopin  A completely new edition of the definitive biography  £2.99 0 comments Friday, June 28th, 2013 @ 5:46am A completely new edition of the definitive biography of Chopin, unavailable for many years, by one of the finest of contemporary European historians. This e-book edition is available for Kindle for only £2.99 . Two centuries have passed since Chopin’s birth, yet his legacy is all around us today. The quiet revolution he wrought influenced the development of Western music profoundly, and he is still probably the most widely studied and revered composer. For many, he is the object of a cult. Yet most people know little of his life, of the man, his thoughts and his feelings; his public image is a sugary blur of sentimentality and melodrama. Adam Zamoyski cuts through the myths and legends to tell the story of Chopin’s life, and to reveal all that can be discovered about him as a person. He pays particular attention to recent revelations about the composers health, and places him within the intellectual and spiritual environment of his day. Click here to purchase Chopin Read More.. Free now: Its a Dogs Life, Snoopy! and Almost Naked Animals 1  Cartoons and childrens book 0 comments Friday, June 28th, 2013 @ 2:46am Free now: Its a Dogs Life, Snoopy! and Almost Naked Animals 1  Cartoons to download now and childrens book to pre-order. Not available for all Kindles. Always confirm price before purchase. Many free and reduced books are offered for a limited time only and only in some geographical regions. Read More.. Free now: The World According to Lucy  Cartoons from Peanuts Worldwide 0 comments Tuesday, June 25th, 2013 @ 3:28am Free now: The World According to Lucy - Cartoons from Peanuts Worldwide Always confirm price before purchase. Many free and reduced books are offered for a limited time only and only in some geographical regions. THE WORLD LOVES LUCY! Five cents is a bargain for great advice. Especially when it’s coming from Lucy Van Pelt! So what if she has a reputation for being a little bossy, a little crabby. And when she pulls that football away from Charlie Brown (just when he thinks this time he might actually kick it) she’s really doing it for his own good. These sorts of things build character. So join Lucy and the whole Peanuts gang in this wonderful new collection of old favorites–and you’ll see that as long as you do exactly what Lucy says, everything will be just fine! Not available for Kindle 1st or 2nd generation. Click here to purchase The World According to Lucy Read More.. Dr Dales Zombie Dictionary: The A-Z Guide to Staying Alive  £1.97 0 comments Saturday, June 22nd, 2013 @ 5:47am Worried about what to do in the event of the dead rising from their graves and trying to destroy humanity? Worry no more! With the help of numerous films and Wikipedia, Dr Dale has compiled this rigorously researched A-Z list of everything you need to know about zombies: how to recognise them, how to fight them and even how to classify them. He can answer all of your burning questions including: How can a sheep help defend me against the undead? What will the response of the Women’s Institute be to an attack? What’s the most useful style of dance to know in the event of the apocalypse? From the best kind of clothing to wear to the most appropriate soundtrack for a zombie apocalypse, this is the ultimate guide to preparing for and surviving the return of the undead. This fun parody is selling for only £1.97 today. Click here to purchase Dr Dales Zombie Dictionary Read More.. Stockings and Cellulite  Funny right from the start  £1.45 0 comments Friday, June 14th, 2013 @ 5:46am As the clock strikes midnight on New Year’s Eve, Cassandra Cherry’s life takes a turn for the worse when she stumbles upon husband Stevie lying naked, except for his socks, on a coat-strewn bed with a 45-year-old divorcee called Cynthia. Suddenly single, Cass throws herself into the business of getting over Stevie with gusto. Her main problems now are making her nine-year-old twins happy, juggling a new social life with a return to work and avoiding being arrested by an infuriating policeman who always seems to turn up at the most inopportune moments. Then, just when Cass is least prepared, and much to Stevie’s chagrin, she crashes head over heels in love with the last person she’d ever expected. Enjoy this humorous novel on your Kindle when you buy it today for £1.45 . Click here to purchase Stockings and Cellulite Read More.. Hang in There Bozo: The Ruby Redfort Emergency Survival Guide for Some Tricky Predicaments  Only 59p 0 comments Friday, May 31st, 2013 @ 5:45am Ruby Redfort: secret agent, detective, thirteen-year-old kid. And now… survival expert. It’s not always possible to skip around smelling roses, ’cos sometimes you’re too busy gripping onto the cliff edge by your fingernails. But 99 times out of 100 it’s worth hanging in there bozo: just as things can get worse so too can they get a whole lot better. In this handy pocket-sized book, Ruby will give you the lowdown on how to survive a bunch of tricky situations. So long as you keep a cool head, buster, you can make it out of there alive… This young adult novel is selling for only 59p today. Enjoy a great laugh! Click here to purchase Hang in There Bozo Read More.. Next Page  Follow Us: Looking for Something? Subscribe by Email Enter your email address for a daily digest of posts. Poll Categories Announcement Book Reviews Bundle Business/Computers Christian Fiction Christmas e-Ramble Fiction Free History/Biography Home/Health/Psychology Housekeeping Humour/Entertainment/Arts Indie Authors Inspirational/Religious Mystery/Suspense Non-Fiction Politics Romance Sci-Fi/Fantasy Science/Nature Sports SuperCheap Uncategorized Young Adult Need a Kindle or accessories?  Back to Top Users Guide Your Two Pence Worth About Us Cheapskates Copyright  2011 DailyCheapReads.co.uk. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement 