 Enjoy special sales, recommendations, and sneak peeks - create your hayneedle.com account today!  Sign In Create a Registry Shop Registries Registry Sign In Create an Account Account  My Cart ( 0 ) Questions? Call 1-888-880-4884 GUEST# 999-200-604  Outdoor Furniture Decor Kitchen Bedroom Bath Baby Kids Fitness Pets On Sale More  Storage Health & Wellness Sports & Games Fan Gear Gifts Seasonal Decor Optics Home Maintenance Footwear & Accessories Hobbies Luggage & Bags Garage Dorm Room Top Selling Free Shipping Clearance New Products Business Sales Quick Shipping Benches Coat Racks Console Tables Hall Trees Entryway Accent Chairs Coffee Tables Indoor Benches Ottomans End Tables Chaise Lounges Club Chairs Convertible Sofas Futons Glider Rockers Home Theater Seating Loveseats Recliners Rocking Chairs Sofas & Sectionals Sofa Tables Wicker Furniture Family Room Accent Chairs Cedar Chests and Trunks Coffee Tables Console Tables Easels End Tables Grandfather Clocks Magazine Racks Quilt Racks Rocking Chairs Room Dividers Sewing Furniture Accent Furniture TV Stands Entertainment Centers TV Wall Mounts Media Storage TV Armoires Home Theater Seats Home Entertainment Dining Table Sets Dining Tables Dining Chairs Bar Stools Kitchen Islands and Carts Bistro Sets Folding Dining Tables & Chairs Buffets & Sideboards Credenzas China Cabinets Bakers Racks Curio Cabinets Wine Furniture Kitchen & Dining Platform Beds Daybeds Standard Beds Dressers Nightstands Headboards Bunk Beds Loft Beds Sleigh Beds Trundle Beds Canopy Beds Chests Media Chests Bedroom Benches Armoires Jewelry Armoires Vanities Closet Organizers Bedroom Desks Bookcases File Cabinets Computer Carts Drafting Tables Office Chairs Desk Sets Office Chair Mats Office Display Boards Computer Armoires Home Office Game Room & Bar Modern Furniture More Furniture Hayneedle > Furniture > Home Entertainment > TV Stands Pin It  Home Styles Arts  Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak Item#: HN-HMS651  Customer Rating 3.5 (10 Ratings) Write a Review Read 10 Reviews  Price: $459 .99 Save 18% List Price: $559.99 Free Shipping with Economy Service or Get it Thursday with FedEx 1 Day when you buy today View All Shipping Options Get it Thursday with FedEx 1 Day when you buy today View All Shipping Options Qty   Product Info Guarantee  Returns Distinctive arts-and-crafts style Made of hardwood solids and veneers Multi-step, cottage oak finish Open shelf for equipment Center cabinet with 2 glass doors Side cabinets with adjustable shelves Matte black hardware Rear wire management openings For flat screen TVs up to 60 inches Dimensions: 60W x 20D x 36H inches What's Included Credenza Description Even the hi-tech area of your home can have welcoming, traditional style with the Home Styles Arts & Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak. Constructed of hardwood solids and veneers in a multi-step, cottage oak finish, this charming TV stand has a distinctive arts-and-crafts style defined by the mission-style wood overlays and matte black hardware on the cabinet doors. The two cabinets, one on each side, enclose adjustable shelves and are great for storing your CDs, DVDs, or game consoles and controllers. An open center shelf provides quick access to your most frequently used electronic component. The bottom center cabinet with glass doors has an adjustable shelf and wire management openings for your other electronic equipment. At the perfect height for viewing, this credenza works with flat screen TVs up to 60 inches and is easy to assemble. About Home Styles Home Styles is a manufacturer and distributor of RTA (ready to assemble) furniture perfectly suited to today's lifestyles. The great difference between Home Styles and many other RTA furniture manufacturers is that all Home Styles pieces are crafted of solid wood, an important quality. When shopping for convenient, durable items for the home, look to Home Styles. You'll appreciate the value. Dimensions  Specifications Dimensions 60W x 20D x 36H inches Width (in.) 60 Depth (in.) 20 Height (in.) 36 Material Wood Solids/Veneers Type Closed Shelving, Open Shelving Brand Home Styles Finish Cottage Oak Recommended Usage Accommodates 60 in. Flat Screen TVs TV Size 60 inches Assembly Our products are shipped ready to assemble. Assembly is easy and requires only common household tools. Furniture will be shipped with all necessary hardware. All of our products include easy to follow instructions. Carefully read the instructions and acquaint yourself with the parts before starting assembly of your furniture.  Other Customers Also Viewed $299 .98  $299 .98  $299 .98  $299 .98 Shop All TV Stands Suggestions for You Coffee Tables Room Dividers Desks Bar Stools Kitchen Islands and Carts Futons Drafting Tables Bar Stools Modern Living Room Cedar Chests and Trunks  Customer Reviews REVIEW SNAPSHOT by PowerReviews Home Styles Arts  Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak 3.4 (based on 10 reviews) Ratings Distribution 5 Stars (2) 4 Stars (4) 3 Stars (2) 2 Stars (0) 1 Stars (2) 75% of respondents would recommend this to a friend. Pros Attractive(9) Holds all components(7) Supports weight(7) Smooth edges(6) Easy to assemble(4) Cons Best Uses Decoration(6) Convenience(4) Space saver(4) Reviewer Profile: Practical(9), Stylish(4), Budget shopper(3) Primary use: Personal(10) Write a Review Most Liked Positive Review Nice country styling We bought this to put under our new flat screen wall mounted television. This credenza was the perfect height for us. The many openings in the back made it easy to corral our many ... Read complete review We bought this to put under our new flat screen wall mounted television. This credenza was the perfect height for us. The many openings in the back made it easy to corral our many wires and cables into a neat mess behind the unit. ;o) Love the styling. The cabinets on the sides would be better if they contained some kind of pull out system to access items stored in the back. Assembly was reasonably easy. There were parts that were unclear or incorrect in the assembly instructions and the holes for the back panels were incorrectly located. But for the most part, assembly went smoothly. Overall, we are pleased with the unit thus far. VS Most Liked Negative Review base holes not drilled correct Called and stated the base had holes drilled incorectely. There was no questions and the person said I would receive the new base in 3 to 5 days. That is good tha... Read complete review Called and stated the base had holes drilled incorectely. There was no questions and the person said I would receive the new base in 3 to 5 days. That is good that they did that. I would consider to buy more from Hayneedle if they stand by there products. We do like the Entertainment Credenza. Thanks, Bill Reviewed by 10 customers Sort by Newest Oldest Highest rating Lowest rating Most helpful Least helpful Displaying reviews 1-5 Back to top Previous | Next  Mar 7 2012 1.0 Don't buy... By Fawn Crabtree from NJ About Me High-End Shopper, Practical Pros Attractive Design Supports Weight Cons Difficult To Assemble/Wire Had to drill holes myself Takes forever to assemble Total pain to assemble Best Uses Comments about Home Styles Arts  Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak : This product just has an awful design as far as how it is assembled. Holes don't match up, pieces don't fit, etc. I ended up having to drill my own holes to match where the screws were supposed to fit. Save yourself the hassle, don't get this Primary use: Personal Bottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend Hayneedle.com response: Thank you for your review. Customer satisfaction is our top priority and we stand behind our products. We want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. Please contact our Customer Care Center for any questions you may have. Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this review Feb 10 2012 ( 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful) 5.0 Excellent Product! By Glenn the Piper from Succasunna, NJ About Me Bargain Hunter, Practical Pros Attractive Design Easy To Assemble Easy To Move Holds All Components Smooth Edges Supports Weight Cons Best Uses Comments about Home Styles Arts  Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak : This is the second Home Styles product I have purchased. The quality is excellent and assembly was a breeze. I was suprised at how solid it was after assembly, no different than a piece of furniture purchased at a furniture store. Service and delivery comments: Delivery was on the day that was promised and all the parts arrived in perfect condition. Primary use: Personal Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend ( 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this review Feb 5 2012 ( 0 of 1 customers found this review helpful) 1.0 LOUSY CREDENZA By ELI from Highland Lakes, N.J. Pros Cons Best Uses Comments about Home Styles Arts  Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak : we ordered cottage oak  received cherry  following the assembly directions made me have to take it apart in order to make the bottom rail on the back fit. I'm not happy with this item at all! Primary use: Personal Bottom Line No, I would not recommend this to a friend ( 0 of 1 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this review Jan 26 2012 ( 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful) 3.0 base holes not drilled correct By Bill from NY About Me Practical, Stylish Pros Attractive Design Easy To Assemble Holds All Components Cons Holes on Base not correct Best Uses Decoration Space Saver Comments about Home Styles Arts  Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak : Called and stated the base had holes drilled incorectely. There was no questions and the person said I would receive the new base in 3 to 5 days. That is good that they did that. I would consider to buy more from Hayneedle if they stand by there products. We do like the Entertainment Credenza. Thanks, Bill Primary use: Personal ( 1 of 1 customers found this review helpful) Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this review Jan 14 2012 4.0 Great Quality for the Money!! By ltlone from Salida, Colorado About Me Practical Pros Attractive Design Easy To Move Holds All Components Smooth Edges Supports Weight Cons Best Uses Convenience Decoration Space Saver Comments about Home Styles Arts  Crafts Entertainment Credenza - Cottage Oak : Love the quality of this piece, it is solid wood. A little bit of difficulty with the assembly, instructions were not consistent,my husband figured it out and changed some of the steps to make it easier. Overall, it looks very nice in my home. Very pleased with Hayneedle, their customer service was excellent!! Primary use: Personal Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend Was this review helpful? Yes / No - You may also flag this review Displaying reviews 1-5 Back to top Previous | Next   Sponsored Links  1-888-880-4884 GUEST# 999-200-604 Customer Service: 9AM-10PM ET, Mon - Fri 9AM-6PM ET, Sat Sales Assistance: 8AM-12AM ET, Mon - Fri 9AM-12AM ET, Sat - Sun   About Hayneedle Our Story In The News Careers Site Map Satisfaction Guarantee Top Collections Buying Guides My Account Sign In Create an Account Customer Service Process Your Return Get Your Receipt Track Your Order Contact Us Help Center Gift Certificate Business Sales Multiple Ship-Tos Packing and Sending Your Return or Exchange Policies Privacy Terms of Use Safe & Secure Shopping Free Shipping Return & Exchange Policy Delivery Timeline Delivery Methods California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Partner With Us Affiliate Program Supplier Login Stay Connected Copyright 2002 - 2013, Hayneedle Inc., all rights reserved. 1   