 Skip to main content Mobile | Newsletters | RSS | Subscribe | Subscriber services Manage subscription on MyTimes Register subscription Digital access Delivery issues / feedback Temporary stops Make a payment Print Replica Subscriber rewards Subscriber: Log out | Subscriber Log In | Contact/Help Site feedback/questions Frequently asked questions Home delivery issues Send us news tips Send letters to the editor Submit event listings Request corrections Company information Traffic Winner of Nine Pulitzer Prizes Entertainment Follow us: Advanced Search | Events  Venues | Obituaries Home Home Forums Graphics  databases Photography Video Special reports Corrections Shortcuts Today's news index Trending with readers Historical archives News News Local News Nation  World Obituaries Health care Politics Education Special reports Community partners Blogs  Columns Danny Westneat Nicole Brodeur Jerry Large Ron Judd Mnica Guzmn Sarah Stuteville The Today File The Blotter Weather Beat Politics Northwest Picture This Seattle Sketcher FYI Guy Shortcuts Traffic Weather Lottery Business  Tech Business  Tech Boeing / Aerospace Microsoft Personal technology Blogs  Columns Brier Dudley's Blog Microsoft Pri0 Jon Talton Sunday Buzz Shortcuts Stock prices Sports Sports High School UW Huskies WSU Cougars SU Redhawks Gonzaga College sports Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Reign FC Storm NBA Hockey Golf Snow sports Outdoors Other sports Blogs Husky Football Husky Men's Basketball Mariners Seahawks NBA in Seattle The Hot Stone League Pac-12 Confidential The Brewery Sounders FC High School Sports Take 2 Reel Time Fishing NW Women's Hoops Columns Jerry Brewer Larry Stone Bud Withers Sideline Chatter Shortcuts Sports forums Scores  stats Sports on TV  radio Entertainment Entertainment Movies Music  Nightlife The Arts Books Blogs  Columns ArtsPage Lit Life | Mary Ann Gwinn Nicole Brodeur Popcorn  Prejudice: A movie blog SoundPosts Shortcuts Comics Games Horoscopes TV listings Today's events Find events  venues Submit listings Food Food  Drink Food  Drink Restaurants Blogs  Columns All You Can Eat | Rebekah Denn Happy Hour Taste | Nancy Leson Shortcuts Search restaurants Search bars/clubs Food  drink events Living Living Home  Garden Health  Fitness Pacific NW Magazine Pets Blogs  Columns Domestic Goddess | Rebecca Teagarden Fit for Life | Nicole Tsong In the Garden | Ciscoe Morris The Natural Gardener | Valerie Easton Now  Then | Paul Dorpat Carolyn Hax Rant  Rave Shortcuts Fairs  festivals Hobby events Homes Homes  Real Estate NW Neighborhoods Design  Dcor Money Matters Shortcuts Homes for sale Rentals New homes Open homes Post a listing Travel Travel  Outdoors Travel Outdoors Summer guide Seattle guide Washington guide Oregon guide British Columbia guide Blogs  Columns Northwest Traveler Travel Wise Destinations | Kristin Jackson Rick Steves' Europe Reel Time Fishing Northwest Shortcuts Outdoor/recreation events Opinion Editorials  Opinion Editorials  Opinion Letters to the Editor Blogs  Columns Opinion Northwest Sharon Pian Chan Lance Dickie Jonathan Martin Bruce Ramsey Kate Riley Thanh Tan Lynne K. Varner  Jobs Jobs Find a job Post a resume Career center Post a job Autos Autos Find a vehicle Find a dealer Research Sell a vehicle Classifieds Classifieds Search classifieds Post a listing  In the news: Syria chemical weapons McGinn vs. Murray New Husky Stadium Medal of Honor Mariners Originally published Sunday, February 17, 2013 at 5:31 AM Share:  Comments (0) E-mail article Print Arts and entertainment highlights for the week of Feb. 17, 2013 Things to do in the week of Feb. 17, 2013, include checking out the opening of The Art of Video Games exhibit at EMP and the Northwest Flower and Garden Show, and learning how to make Indian food. PREV of NEXT Duncan Cole New Zealands Black Grace, which blends Polynesian influences with contemporary-dance experimentation, performs at 8 p.m. Thursday-Saturday, Meany Hall at the University of Washington. Related Most Popular Comments  Hide / Show comments No comments have been posted to this article.  Start the conversation > MOVIES Happy People: A Year in the Taiga The legendary German filmmaker Werner Herzog self-consciously idealizes the hardscrabble life of fur trappers using extraordinary footage of a remote Siberian village culled from a Russian television film. Now playing at the Varsity. For showtimes, see Page H9. For Tom Keoghs three-star review, go to www.seattletimes.com/movies . TV Cult This new show follows an investigative journalist (Matt Davis) whose brother disappears after saying that a certain TV show (also called Cult) is out to get him. Series premiere, 9 p.m. Tuesday on The CW. The Graham Norton Show The impish host keeps bringing the funny in new episodes of his chat show. The guest list this week: Jeremy Renner, Gemma Arterton, Matt Lucas, Delia Smith and Rita Ora. 7:15 p.m. Saturday on BBC America. FOOD East Indian Cooking Uma Bangalore shows you how to make quick chicken and vegetarian dishes from different regions of India, 6:30-9 p.m. Wednesday, at the Redmond PCC Store, 11435 Avondale Road N.E.; $40-$45 (425-285-1400 or www.pccnaturalmarkets.com ). FESTIVALS, COMMUNITY Northwest Flower and Garden Show In its 25th year, the show will feature 350 exhibits and vendors, seminars and gardens with the theme, The Silver Screen Takes Root: Gardens Go Hollywood. There will be playgarden activities for kids, too. 9 a.m.-8 p.m. Wednesday-Saturday, 9 a.m.-6 p.m. Feb. 24, Washington State Convention Center, Seattle; $5-$20; multiday passes available (253-756-2121 or www.gardenshow.com ). Langley Mystery Weekend The town of Langley, on Whidbey Island, celebrates its centennial with a townwide, two-day interactive and improvisational mystery play. 10 a.m. -5 p.m. Saturday Feb. 24; $8-$10 ( www.visitlangley.com ). POP MUSIC Coheed and Cambria This New York quartet brings together headbangers, guitar geeks and comic-book fans with its metallic fusion of prog rock and science fiction. 7 p.m. Tuesday, Showbox SODO, 1700 First Ave. S., Seattle; $29.50 (888-929-7849 or www.showboxonline.com ). Jack DeJohnette, Ravi Coltrane Where does the time go? Onetime young lion Jack DeJohnette, who played on Miles Davis Bitches Brew in 1969, is now one of the kits grand old men. His appearance with John Coltranes increasingly focused son, tenor saxophonist Ravi Coltrane, with the dazzling George Colligan on piano and ex-John Coltrane bassist Jimmy Garrisons son Matt on bass is a no-misser. 7:30 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday, Jazz Alley, 2033 Sixth Ave., Seattle; $28.50 (206-441-9729 or www.jazzalley.com ). LITERARY EVENTS Gary Wills Eminent author and essayist Gary Wills discusses his new book Why Priests? A Failed Tradition, followed by a discussion with Seattle author Rebecca Brown (American Romances). At 7 p.m. Wednesday, Seattle First Baptist Church, 1111 Harvard Ave., Seattle; free (206-325-6051 or www.seattlefirstbaptist.org ). THEATER The Music Man Roosevelt High grad Noah Yancey is charming con man Harold Hill in the 5th Avenue Theatres staging of the Meredith Willson musical. Laura Griffith, Anne Allgood and Richard Steitzer also star; Bill Berry directs. Through March 10, 1308 Fifth Ave., Seattle; $31-$115 (888-584-4849 or www.5thavenue.org ). Next to Normal Honored on Broadway, the show about the toll of mental illness on a family has local roots  it workshopped at Village Theatre and was written by Issaquah native Brian Yorkey. Balagan is staging it this time, with Brandon Ivie directing. Through March 2, Erickson Theatre Off Broadway, 1524 Harvard Ave., Seattle; $20-$25 (206-329-1050 or www.balagantheatre.org ). CLASSICAL MUSIC Seattle Symphony Orchestra Spend your lunch hour with the orchestra for free this Thursday. Assistant conductor Stilian Kirov will lead the symphony in a program including Bartoks Rumanian Folk Dances, as well as Brahms Hungarian Dances Nos. 5 and 6, Ravels Le tombeau de Couperin and the first movement from Prokofievs Violin Concerto No. 2, with 16-year-old soloist Amelia Sie, of Bellevue. Noon-1 p.m. Thursday, 600 Fourth Ave. ( www.seattlesymphony.org ). Additional free performances: 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at Ingraham High School and 7:30 p.m. on Feb. 26 at Chief Sealth High School. David Russell The Grammy-winning classical guitarist returns to Seattle for a program including works by Scarlatti, Granados and Couperin, as well as a selection of Celtic pieces. 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Nordstrom Recital Hall, 200 University St., Seattle; $25-$32 (206-215-4747 or www.benaroyahall.org ). DANCE Khambatta Dance Company The Seattle dance troupe, in a multiyear residency at Kirkland Performance Center, premieres Cyrus Khambattas Truth and Betrayal on Friday. The piece spins questions of trust and deception into a tangy affair with a lightly cruel edge. Khambattas five young dancers, most new to the troupe, bring a lithe, elegant, gymnastic twist to their entanglements. Three older Khambatta works are also on the program. 7:30 p.m. Friday, Kirkland Performance Center, 350 Kirkland Ave, Kirkland; $25 (425-893-9900 or www.kpcenter.org ). Black Grace New Zealands leading dance export, which blends Polynesian influences with contemporary-dance experimentation, returns to Meany for the first time in five years. Choreographer Neil leremias newest piece, Vaka, takes inspiration from the idea of a raft as a metaphor for hope. Also on the program: Pati Pati and an excerpt from Amata (which means begin in Samoan). 8 p.m. Thursday-Saturday, Meany Hall, University of Washington; $20-$45 (206-543-4880 or www.uwworldseries.org ). VISUAL ARTS Washington State History Museum Interactive exhibits, videos and vintage machines tell the story in Lets Ride! Motorcycling the Northwest, exploring the past century of motorcycling, its culture and communities. Of course, Moses Lake native Evel Knievel is included. 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Wednesdays-Sundays (free every third Thursday 2-8 p.m.) through June 23, 1911 Pacific Ave., Tacoma; $7-$9.50 (888-238-4373 or www.washingtonhistory.org ). Northwest Nikkei Museum My Minidoka, a photo exhibit by Johnny Valdez y Uno, is a personal chronicle of the internment camp where his grandparents were held during World War II, born from a wrenching experience: The photographer became aware of his familys connection to Minidoka after his grandfather and two other relatives were killed in a car accident after a pilgrimage to the site in 1990. 9:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Mondays-Fridays through July 17, Japanese Cultural Community Center, 1414 S. Weller St., Seattle; (206-568-7114 or www.jcccw.org ). The Art of Video Games This is the opening weekend of Smithsonian American Art Museum traveling exhibit, The Art of Video Games, exploring the 40-year history of video games as an artistic medium, with a focus on graphics, creative storytelling and player interactivity, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. daily through May 12, EMP Museum, 325 Fifth Ave. N., Seattle; $12-$20 (206-770-2700 or www.empmuseum.org ).   News where, when and how you want it On Facebook On Twitter On your phone On your doorstep [if IE]>