  Tuesday 27 August 2013 ebooks i Jobs Dating Shop  Click here...  News Voices Sport Tech Life Property Arts  Ents Art News Features Reviews Great Works Architecture Music News Features Reviews Classical News Features Reviews Films News Features Reviews TV  Radio News Features Reviews Theatre  Dance News Features Reviews Comedy News Features Reviews Books News Features Reviews Puzzles and Games Edinburgh Festival No.6 Travel Money IndyBest Blogs Student Offers  Syria Fukushima Apprenticeships George Osborne Greece Michael Gove Click here...   Julian Lloyd Webber: Im doing a Dudamel over here The Venezuelan conductor showed how poor children could become musicians. Julian Lloyd Webber explains how he was determined to do the same here. The result can be seen at the Proms on Sunday The new Billy Elliot? Stings first Broadway musical Adam Sherwin: The Police frontman aims to match ballet show's success with Newcastle shipyard play The Last Ship  Hollyoaks pre-watershed train death scene breached rules - Ofcom  X-smiles: Gillian Anderson lightens up From Agent Scully to The Fall, Gillian Anderson has played a series of dark roles. But she would love to act in a comedy, she tells Alison King Paolozzi: Life in a materialist world The Scottish artist found fame as a Pop Art pioneer, but it is his colourful collages, poking fun at post-war consumer society, that catch the eye today Corporate gigs: Which comedians take the money? Many comics pay their way with corporate gigs, says Veronica Lee . But they’re not for everyone... DJ Taylor: Theres less to laugh about now, and it shows  Elysium’s intelligence is drowned in action-pic noise and sloppiness Film review Matt Damon helps the marginalised masses in a dystopian future with the volume pumped up Film review: What Maisie Knew - thinking of starting a family, or breaking one up? See this movie first  Why Franz Ferdinand are still the best Review Art-pop kings remind the world why they rank among this century’s finest songwriters with comeback gig Album: Franz Ferdinand, Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action  We’re the only men in the village... Review First World War sitcom Chickens may prove to be a slow burner, but the nation’s cakes are rising nicely Booze, babies and bad men: Bridget Jones is back (v.g.) An all-new peek at the diary after a hiatus of seven years Lenny Henry on his debt to comedy giant Richard Pryor Ahead of a new documentary on the groundbreaking funny man, the British comedian tells how he idolised – and copied – American the star Fancy dress, hippies and WI tea tents: Rob da Bank on 10 years of Bestival It started with 4,000 party-goers. Now it attracts 50,000 King of crime: How Elmore Leonard paved the way for Tarantino The writer, who died on Tuesday, provided source material for films for well over 50 years  Meet the new Carrie Bradshaw AnnaSophia Robb steps into the Manolos for Sex and the City prequel, The Carrie Diaries. But she hates shopping, she tells Gill Pringle  ITV boss Peter Fincham calls for new Big Brother to safeguard British television  Celebrity Big Brother 2013: Meet the new housemates Edinburgh Fringe performers stage comedy protest against Russian homosexuality laws  Richard Rogers claims Prince Charles has veto over major new developments Adam Sherwin: Developers now seek prior approval from Clarence House before making any commitment, the leading architect has claimed Billy Budd: Brittens turbulent times Philip Hoare: A full programme of Britten's works at the Proms culminates in a semi-staged performance of Michael Grandage's acclaimed Glyndebourne production of the story of an outsider fighting the establishment One Direction: This Is Us Review Morgan Spurlock’s 3D documentary about One Direction has just enough grit and insight to stop it seeming like simply a glossy promotional vehicle for the boy band phenomenon In pictures: Fans gather in Leicester Square for This is Us premiere One Direction, one director, one exhausting interview One Direction: This Is Us: Metropolitan police prepare for 1D fans ahead of London premiere  1863 football rule book given rightful place alongside Magna Carta Nick Clark: The handwritten book containing the 13 original laws of football goes on display at the British Library A comedy award is no laughing matter Jokes about racism, porn, cystitis... you get all sorts on the Fringe. But how do you spot the next big thing in stand-up? Alice Jones , a judge on this year's Edinburgh Comedy Awards panel, explains  The firebrand film-makers out to provoke and engage Gramado's 41st Film Festival was host to more controversy than Brazil has seen on screen for years. Arifa Akbar reports $125m Material Girl Madonna tops Forbes' top-earning celebrity list 2013 The tongue and the twerking... Should someone have stopped Miley Cyrus' VMA performance? Video: Miley performs at the VMAs  Hollywood still has a blind spot on race Black film-makers have enjoyed a bumper year but the industry has a racial bias, says Kaleem Aftab Why it was 72nd-time lucky for Hugh in Four Weddings auditions  Life of a thoroughly modern Miffy Dick Bruna's cartoon rabbit gets revamp after 58 years Give us The Killing dubbed, not subtitled, says Blunkett  How music therapy cured the blues A car crash left musician Ian Campbell unable to play Calls for Affleck to be dropped as Batman Gallery It was a shock move for the former Daredevil – and sent social media into a spin Bob Dylans Face Value, National Portrait Gallery Review The 12 pastel works carry some of the lyrical mystery of Dylan’s wonderful music, says Zoe Pilger Biffy Clyro close Reading Festival... ... while Eminem and Green Day mark rap and rock highs Salinger to enjoy a second act unlike any writer in history Five unseen works from 'Catcher in the Rye' author in the pipeline Move over, Ratty. Sylvans here An Oxford academic's new children's book could rival 'The Wind in the Willows' What do women want on TV? Everything Antonia Hurford-Jones runs a female friendly channel but knows women think out of the box. So, she's ditching the cliches... The big picture How Will Poulter shook off the tough tearaway tag to become Hollywood's latest loveable dork Hated buildings lined up for Carbuncle Cup Can Morrissey survive the years of refusal? His career is in trouble with illness and cancelled gigs The sound of summer: Car journey cassettes Seven writers remember the tracks of their backseat tears Reading Festival: Green Day bring first day to vibrant close This year may be the first to see a dance stage across all three days Broadchurch helps ITV to top award Hit drama series also scoops accolade   li>" class="submitbtn bluebg" /> Career Services Day In a Page Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January February March April May June July August September October November December 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 Go Independent Travel Shop See all offers  Lake Como and the Bernina Express Seven nights half-board from only £749pp Find out more  Lake Garda, Venice and Verona Seven nights half-board from only £599pp Find out more  Krakow Four nights from only £389pp Find out more  4* all-inclusive Crete Seven nights from only £399pp Find out more  India and Nepal 14 nights from only £2,499pp Find out more  Tuscany holiday with car hire OFFER ENDS 1 SEPTEMBER Up to 20% off Find out more  Northcote Manor, North Devon OFFER ENDS 1 SEPTEMBER Up to 64% off Find out more  5* Kos holiday OFFER ENDS 1 SEPTEMBER Up to 31% off Find out more  The X-smiles After Agent Scully, and The Fall, Gillian Anderson is ready to show off her lighter side Bank Holidays offer a complete break from it all – except the BlackBerry One bankers wife describes the stress of vacationing with a workaholic husband Saint GK Chesterton? Bishop begins preliminary tests for canonisation of writer From Purcell to Punk Gareth Malone hopes to take choirs from their comfort zones with new release The maternity gap 50,000 women a year don’t get jobs back Eduardo Paolozzi Living in a materialist world Pick a product that packs a punch The 10 Best face masks  The big fashion cover-up: Coats Make hay while the sun shines but remember cold weather is closer than you think Flushing Meadows ups the financial ante in battle of the Grand Slams The majors are raising prize money and improving facilities In the frame: Linda Farrow Brains behind sunglasses brand delving into our shady past Tailor-made for all pockets Patrick Grant meets Debenhams? Downing Street hogs the remote control The PMs use of tame media is annoying the big guns at Sky, ITN and the BBC A nation of workaholics The death of Merrill Lynch banking intern Moritz Erhardt shines a light on the cult of presenteeism – and the need for a new work culture Tim Harford: The man who gives geeks a good name Economics has never been more accessible, or instructive, thanks to one writers mission  The Independent 2 Derry Street London W8 5TT  independent.co.uk Terms  Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct Complaint form Email newsletters RSS Contact Us Subscriptions Apps Work for us Evening Standard Homes  Property iJobs Advertising Guide Syndication Novaya Gazeta (English) ES Business Connections ES Rentals  Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics  independent.co.uk  Click here...   