  Celeb Gossip - Entertainment News - Celebrity News Celebrity Gossip Blog featuring the latest celebrity scandals, hollywood gossip, and entertainment news including gossip girls. skip to main | skip to sidebar  Home Contact Us Home  bollywood , Celebrity , Cricket , designer , IPL , Rajasthan Royals , Shilpa Shetty  Shilpa Shetty Designed A Collection For Fans Of Rajasthan Royals Shilpa Shetty Designed A Collection For Fans Of Rajasthan Royals Written By Saira badhan on Tuesday, 2 April 2013 | 02:18 Shilpa Shetty designed a collection for fans of Rajasthan Royals . Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty has designed a collection for fans of Rajasthan Royals, who is the co-owner of Indian Premier League (IPL) franchise cricket team Rajasthan Royals.She even walked the ramp to showcase her creative designs.The 40-year-old actress has collaborated with apparel brand Provogue for the latest IPL themed designs."In Jaipur launching the new Rajasthan Royal merchandise that I have designed. Available at Provogue outlets soon. Do check them out," Shilpa posted on Twitter.The high point of the evening for Provogue's grand collection was the dazzling Shilpa, who sashayed down the ramp with panache in the fan wear of Rajasthan Royals designed by her. Share this article :  Labels: bollywood , Celebrity , Cricket , designer , IPL , Rajasthan Royals , Shilpa Shetty Post a Comment  Prev Post Next Post  Home  Subscribe me  Subscribe via RSS Feed If you enjoyed this article just click here , or subscribe to receive more great content just like it.  Popular Topics  Emma Watson : I Love Blusher Emma Watson says I love blusher.Hollywood actress Emma, 23, who shuns the fake-tan look, added: Im English and I have fair skin so I ... Oops Moment Of Anushka Sharma Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma , who was in Macau recently, to attend the 14th International Indian Film Academy awards, suffered a wa... Zarine Khan To Be A Punjabi Girl Zarine Khan to be a Punjabi Girl in Jatt James Bond.Salman Khans girl makes Punjabi debut.Punjabi cinema which is growin... Veena Malik Turns Human Canvas Bollywood actress Veena Malik has allowed her body to be used as a canvas for an artistic collaboration with Finnish visual artist Vesa... What Makes Channing Tatum Upset ? What makes Channing Tatum upset ?.Actor Channing Tatum hates it when he has to stay away from his newborn due to work. Tatums wi... Recent Searches actor Award Birthday Celebrity Cricket dating jailed marriage Media movie Olympic Review singer Sport Technology TV Show wedding  Google+ Followers  Support : Creating Website | Johny Template | Mas Template Copyright  2013. Celeb Gossip - Entertainment News - Celebrity News - All Rights Reserved Template Created by Creating Website Published by Mas Template Proudly powered by Blogger 