   aerospace technology     Friday, June 17, 2011 Arts and Entertainment,Celebrity Gossip News - Advice for wedding ... This is my first wedding I have ever photographed, its for my cousin, and i was wondering what sort of lenses and techniques were generally used. I have a Nikon camera, and a 35mm f1.8, 18-55mm f3.5, and a 70-300mm. I also have the sb400 flash. Any advice you have about wedding photography is appreciated. I did one wedding as a second shooter before I shot one on my own and it came out great (also after a few years of photography and some classes). I was using a rebel xti a 1D mark IIN a 24-70 2.8, 70-200 2.8, 100 2.8 macro and a 50 1.8 along with some off camera flash equipment and a reflector. I was fine in terms of equipment but the whole process was exhausting so be prepared. I think you can do it if you have a decent background in photography and know what you are doing. besides the 35mm though, those lenses are gonna be pretty much useless indoors especially if the lighting is no good. a flash can save you sometimes but not always. you need to know how to use bounce flash techniques and be in a building where that is possible. if the wedding is outside on a nice day you are okay. Having only one camera body is going to be a real hindrance as well, you need to rent another body. I would also recommend a circular polarizer if you are going to be outside to get a nice blue sky for some portraits and just in general. I wouldn't recommend this if it wasnt for family, but seeing as it is they will probably be happy with whatever you can do. on other hand you personally want to make sure they get something they will be happy with. good luck, its not easy. Weddings are fast paced and you need to be on your toes for every single moment, do not miss a thing! Get every aspect of the event, watch for emotions, tender moments with the brides parents, tears, etc. you need to capture the ambiance of the day as well. Also have plenty of memory cards, its not at all uncommon to come away from a full wedding day with 2000+ pictures. Also shoot in RAW so you have a lot of editing choices. My first advice is don't do it (tell your cousin to get a professional. That's what I did when my cousin asked me to photograph her wedding). Contrary to what some people say, it doesn't matter how many classes you take or how many books you read or how long you have been shooting pictures ? nothing really prepares you for your first wedding shoot. I speak from experience (which is why professionals usually work under someone more experienced the first few times). But if you insist on doing it, keep your cousin's expectations low. Not sure why you are asking about lenses if you already have some (are you going to buy new ones?). Professionals use fast zooms (f2.8). Your zooms are slow, but you can still take wedding pictures with them. I just took pictures at a wedding (as a guest, not as the main photographer) with an 18-55mm f3.5 and 75-300mm f4.5 lens. The results were very nice (not pro quality, but good enough to share with the wedding couple). If you don't know how to use your external flash (sb400) manually then it is safest to keep it on auto (I made the mistake of getting a new external flash for a wedding, thinking it would make my pictures miraculously better. it didn't. In fact, it was hardly better than my pop-up flash). That was 6 years ago. I'm better now, but still not as skilled as I'd like with flash photography. If you have time to practice with your flash between now and then, I strongly recommend it. good flash photography is not as easy as it seems (key word is 'good'). I also suggest getting some wedding photography books from the library (or buying one from a bookstore). Try to be as unobtrusive as possible. And try to anticipate the action before it happens to be at the right place at the right time (or you'll just be trying to keep up, and getting lousy photos meanwhile). don't forget the obvious stuff (extra memory cards, extra batteries for both flash and camera, an extra camera in case your main one breaks down (even if it's a compact camera, it's better than nothing), maybe a granola bar to eat while you are shooting. And don't get dehydrated ? remember to drink water every once in a while (but not so much that you have to go to the bathroom every 15 minutes)). There's tons more I could write but I think you get the picture AS others have said. Dont do it. if you need to ask what lens to use you clearly dont have the skills to shoot a wedding. what lens i use depends mostly on what i want to achieve and this can be different from every wedding. Various lens will be needed depending on the conditions such as low light church. If you really want to shoot weddings try and get your self in with a photographer as a second or an assistant but do not just go shooting a wedding without the skills to do so. Don't do it. you don't have the lenses, the flash or the skills for it. Source: http://www.freegby.com/advice-for-wedding-photography.html christina hendricks brad paisley aubrey o day bob dylan maps and directions wiki paul gray Posted by lolygiv at 1:59 PM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook  No comments: Post a Comment Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment.  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Followers Blog Archive   2013 (95)   August (1)    July (38)    June (27)    March (4)    February (13)    January (12)    2012 (589)   December (13)    November (23)    October (24)    September (34)    August (41)    July (58)    June (41)    May (47)    April (65)    March (77)    February (62)    January (104)  2011 (673)   December (41)    November (87)    October (109)    September (83)    August (90)    July (99)  June (133) Different Premature Ejaculation Treatments ? How T... Search For Discount Oil Paintings On The Net Is Fu... Getting The Most From Your Internet Marketing Busi... Win Backstage Passes to Rock of Ages and Support B... Prostate Cancer Cure by the XYZ-Wellbeing Home Pro... Xbox COO sees dedicated handheld market as a red ... Professor Hugh White Discusses Australia#39;s Fut... Terrence Dixon: The Parkhurst EP - 5 Magazine Hous... Senate approves Wentworth redistricting commission... New Social Networking Sites ? How To Advertise? | ... Small Business Marketing - Why Use Wordpress As Bl... Bolivia law aims at food security iPod Movies Downloads ? ArticleHonor.com Ski Resort Getaway Travel - Free Articles Director... Village Saint Geniez d#39;Olt Syrian army widens border sweep Personal injury attorney can bring that lost smile... BV7330 Car DVD Player ? 3.2? LCD ? 320 W ? Single ... Marriage: 3 Essential Elements of a Healthy Relati... Branding and Logos - Myaelaine Arthritis and Self Hypnosis How foreign writers make it to US bookshelves Obama Promises Afghanistan Troop Withdrawal -- for... Jon Huntsman: The new JFK, Reagan, or McCain? ... US stimulus efforts curbed by deficit: Geithner ... Backpacking and Climbing for Seniors ? ArticleHono... Suu Kyi urges Congress to push Myanmar democracy (... Source: united nations just dance edu valkyrie hul... Source: usaa snooki columbus dispatch will smith o... Source: friends with benefits motivation mystique ... New iPhone 5 rumors stir buzz among Apple fans ... Source: weight loss tips musa james blake brandon ... Source: dip al gore cornel west cesa dakota fannin... Source: young and the restless world ending may 21... Battle Fleet - Ultimate iPad Naval Strategy Game Book Review: *Tiny Sunbirds, Far Away* by Christie... The Convenience of Hiring an On-line Math Tutor NBA Logoman Shooter Sleeve - Black The New Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Author Launches California Tour in San Mateo Syst?me Windows Phone 7 :: RE: Supprimer les ancie... My Aspergers Child: Aspergers Children and Video G... Freaky Feathered Fashion - The Jess Eaton Roadkill... Source: hats csl research in motion mulberry quizn... Tibetan monks, migrant workers defy Chinese govern... Source: dragon boat festival tapas numerology test... Source: antiques roadshow hallelujah bean sprouts ... Source: napoleon bonaparte larry bird khan academy... McIlroy heads into weekend at 11 under (AP) Couples Therapy: Obama Camp Works Through Issues (... Back pain whenever standing up  walking Valuable Ice Fishing Guidelines To Get Rainbow Tro... Breville Toaster Oven: Why Would You Buy One? Source: evernote cesar chavez hunger games may 21 ... Source: dog breeds fathers day cards justin bieber... Source: dante g8 bono weather louisville ky mavs s... Source: robert bunsen emily deschanel andy roddick... Source: wit dean martin vera bradley lauryn hill w... Source: mike tyson tyson stand by me lyrics kevin ... Source: sean connery ben hur watchmen sagittarius ... Regulators shut small banks in Georgia, Florida ... The real reason Sony movies disappeared from Netfl... Microsoft?s Defeat By i4i Will Alter Patent Cases Arts and Entertainment,Celebrity Gossip News - Adv... Source: toms new nintendo console bells wii 2 zeld... GoldenBlogs: RT @VisitOmaha: Congrats to the 8 NCA... Sinrex - Is The Supplement For Everyone? | Health ... Greece debt worries send stocks lower (AP) Valley dreams HTC Desire tries to catch Gingerbread, cant keep ... Why Google Earth Cant Show You Israel - Techmeme Source: jerry lee lewis bebe disturbia cops traffi... Source: jack johnson chennai super kings blue ange... How many of you out there have heard of inflammato... Latest developments in Arab worlds unrest (A... Source: jared loughner phoebe cates faith hill the... Arts and Entertainment,Celebrity Gossip News - Wha... Source: death cab for cutie maplestory vindictus d... Source: kia soul infamous pms enya fable 3 pc jame... Palin emails show engaged leader who sought VP nod... Dan Walters: Ship pilots, shippers take their mone... Video: Is Weiner-style texting cheating? (cbsnews)... Cheap Travel Health Insurance Rebuilding Confidence (Tapping Into the Trusted Ex... Book Review: Porsche, A History of Excellence by R... Sarah Ferguson Visits Buckingham Palace on Finding... The sound of the water pump RV wakes me up! Why did Apple choose Twitter over Facebook? (Joe W... Verizon Business Security Blog ? Blog Archive ? We... Websitemagazine.com - Websitemagazine, website mag... Making Use Of Business Marketing Tools To Draw In ... Source: shaquille o neal hidden windows 8 red fact... Source: anonymous green tea solar flares p g solar... Source: federer djokovic krispy kreme jack kevorki... Syrian Army Takes Over Town Near Turkish Border (SB/R-Wed) Cappel#39;s short on players but still... Royal Family Genealogy Research | Family Children ONeill Lost Football Dream As Armstrong Walked On... Citigroup Confirms Customer Accounts Hacked The Magnetism Of Performing Arts After Sale Tips for China Mobiles | ArticleEstates... Thailand Food Exploration: Buffets ? Beyond Susten... Google rolls out safer and snazzier Chrome 12 we... Sales Management Training Will Enable you to Domin... Top Bodybuilding Tips Exposed! - Live Sports Strea... Life is a Journey with Azamara ? ArticleKnowledge.... Propensity To Self Subversion In Feeling Good Abou... Hulu Recommends Three New Immersive Hulu Plus iOS ... Chiyo and her motivation charm ? Self Improvement Auto repair-Auto Repair Warranty Home Improvement Do-It-Yourself Opportunities That... Solution Medicine For Acid Reflux ? Persistent Hea... Pregnancy Cycle ? Ovulation Predictor | Home And F... Rock Climbing : Climbing Harness - Indoor Rock Cli... Auto repair-Your Car and the Repairs Wish to Begin an Internet Advertising Business? Power to build muscle mass ? Articles Plus 1 Drummond House Plans ? Blog Archive ? Energy Effic... Cost efficient online business advertising ? peni.... Nas Says Life Is Good Will Be Music For Survivors... Demi Moore Helps PETA Win Elephant Battle Facebook VP Chamath Palihapitiya Forms New Venture... InfoWorld review: Meraki Enterprise Cloud Controll... MBS RECAP: Payroll Forecasts Cut | Real Estate For... Travel Planning Category - Jim Corbett National Pa... Sony NGP may become PS Vita, give us 100 percent... Qualcomm CEO confirms death of Mirasol e-reader di... College University Category - Top Engineering Coll... CIA releases film about 2 officers held in China (... This Beat-Up Old Leica Camera Sold For $1.9 Millio... The audit auto loan ? not only to avoid a car repo... Training For Direct Sales ? Party Plan Tips | How ... Airbnb?s Soaring Valuation Should Be A Wake-Up Cal...   May (31)  About Me lolygiv View my complete profile   Watermark template. Powered by Blogger .  