 PAGE INVOCATION: /default.aspxPAGE REFERRER: STORE LOCALE: en-USSTORE CURRENCY: USDCUSTOMER ID: 0AFFILIATE ID: 0CUSTOMER LOCALE: en-USCURRENCY SETTING: USDSTORE VERSION: AspDotNetStorefront ML 7.1.0.0/7.1.0.0CACHE MENUS: True Login | Shopping Cart | Wish List | My Account | Contact Us You have 0 item(s) in your Shopping Cart  Home Convertible Tops Headliner Upholstery FAQ's  Info  Find Your Car  Browse Products by Product Categories Convertible Tops Upholstery/Headliners  Search Customer Service Customer Comments Your Account Order Status/History FAQ's Return Policy Shipping Info Contact Us Privacy Policy Security Policy Convertible Top Fabrics  Colors Links Now in: Welcome to EZ Softtops  WELCOME TO EZ SOFTTOPS xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' We are your one stop source for convertible tops and auto and truck upholstery. Our goal is to make your convertible top purchase as easy as possible. There is no mystery about what is required and we can show you that it is as easy as 1 - 2 - 3!!! Not all convertible tops are created equal. We offer the best quality convertible top manufactured in the xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' U.S. today. Every convertible top that we sell is made using patterns from the original convertible top – whether it is a classic vehicle, muscle car or a contemporary car. In some instances improvements have been made to make the convertible top function better. We offer original fabrics. We will send samples of fabrics just to make the color and selection decision easier. Our car and truck upholstery selections will surprise you because we have a large selection of Ford and Chevy truck interior upholstery that is hard to find. We offer many choices of colors and fabrics – so you don’t just have to settle for a few color choices. We will work with you and supply samples to ensure that you know exactly what you are getting. These upholstery kits come with instructions and everything you need to replace your worn or torn upholstery. You will be surprised at how new and fresh your vehicle will look with a little attention to the upholstery! We offer our outstanding customer service and a product that will ensure that you will enjoy your new convertible top or upholstery for many years to come. Click here to see how easy it can be - we've taken the mystery out of what to do!!! WE WELCOME INTERNATIONAL ORDERS  Replacement Convertible Tops Large selection of premium convertible tops. Original convertible top patterns for each vehicle. Convertible Top Features: 5 Year manufacturers warranty Haartz and other premium fabrics Vinyl Window tint options - clear, smoke, charcoal tint Hand rolled edges for a finished look Many window options are sewn and heat sealed Many fabric choices including original fabrics Additional parts - cables, pads, headliners, boots, well liners Upholstery Large vinyl and velour fabric selections for a new, fresh look to your interior - whether it's your car or truck!  Headliners, Boots, Etc. We have the headliners for hundreds of vehicles. Boots, well liners, cables and pads are also available for many vehicles. OUR SELECTION GUARANTEES YOU WILL FIND WHAT YOU NEED AT THE BEST PRICE! Alfa Romeo - Austin Healey - BMW - Buick - Cadillac - Chevrolet – Camaro – Corvette – Chrysler – Dodge – Fiat – Ford - Hillman Minx – Honda – Hudson – Imperial – Infiniti – Isuzu – Jaguar - Jensen Healy – Kia – Lancia - Lincoln – Mazda – Mercury – Miata - Mercedes Benz - Mitsubishi Eclipse Spyder – MG - Morris Minor – Nash – Nissan – Oldsmobile – Packard – Plymouth – Pontiac – Porsche – Rambler – Renault – Riley Saab – Singer – Studebaker – Suzuki – Triumph - Volkswagen Beetle – VW Karmann Ghia – VW Cabriolet – VW Thing – Westfalia - Willys Jeepster . Merchant Services ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES Have a Question? Click here to Email us Customer Comments "Top amazing! Price amazing! Shipping amazing! Will do business again! Thanx guys..." db "I look forward to doing more business without hesitation. Thank you..." su "Perfect fit/quick ship/friendly seller. Highly recommend this seller...5 Stars..." ph "Tutto Bene, Grazie!!! A+++..." ma "Very professional, got the softtop to Australia in no time, very happy....very good mate!..." wv    Home | Contact Us | Shipping Policy | Return Policy | Privacy Policy | Security Policy | Site Map Copyright @ 2007-2013 EZ Softtops.com. All rights reserved. EZ Softtops does not offer products from and is not affiliated or associated with E-Z On Auto Tops, Inc. EZSofttopsdoes not accept liability for typographical or product specification errors (including pricing). Prices are subject to change without notice. 