 Start of DoubleClick Floodlight Tag: Please do not removeActivity name of this tag: NBC PagesURL of the webpage where the tag is expected to be placed: http://www.nbclosangeles.com/This tag must be placed between the  and  tags, as close as possible to the opening tag.Creation Date: 07/22/2012 Local U.S. & World Sports Health Tech Weird Weather California News Blogs Press Here Triple Threat Entertainment News The Scene Events Sponsored: Road Trippin' Blogs Worth the Drive Forecast Maps & Radar Severe Weather Alerts Weather Stories Contests About Us Community TV Listings  Newsletters | Send Pics | Tips Login Profile Name Sign Out  home news Video Weather Investigations Entertainment Traffic Contests Contact Us Entertainment News The Scene Events Sponsored: Road Trippin' BLOGS: Worth the Drive Entertainment Top Stories Lady Gaga Talks New Album Lady Gaga reveals her inspiration for the highly anticipated album, ARTPOP. "I Have a Dream" Tribute LA Live joins a global commemoration of the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s speech. LA County Fair: The Discounts Pomona's mondo party is nearly here. How will you save? Bass Says No 'NSync Reunion, Dishes on Cyrus Former boy-band member Lance Bass says reunion tour not part of the conversation right now. Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez Love triangles, controversial politics and friendships-gone-bad. These temperamental celebs and figures have their spats in the spotlight. Video Lady Gaga Talks New Album "I Have a Dream" Tribute LA County Fair: The Discounts Bass Says No 'NSync Reunion, Dishes on Cyrus Photos Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez more stories  Top Stories Entertainment News The Scene Worth the Drive  Video President Reagan's Son Slams "The Butler" Late Commander-in-Chief's conservative son pushes back hard against insinuations he claims the film makes that Reagan was racist.  Video NBC Fall Primetime Preview From The Million Second Quiz to Ironside, check out the fall lineup on NBC.  Rapper Fat Joe Reports to Prison for Tax Evasion Rap star Fat Joe has reported to federal prison in Florida to serve a four-month sentence for tax evasion.  Naomi Watts Talks "Diana" Biopic Hollywood star confesses she nearly turned down the role of a lifetime because of what Princes William and Harry might think   James Franco Roast: The Best Jokes Seth Rogen, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg and Sarah Silverman riff on Franco's infamous Oscar hosting, his poetry and more.  WATCH: Robin Thicke's New Video "Give It 2 U" Watch the singer's latest release and tell us what you think!  Kate Gosselin Sues Ex Over Book, Alleges Hacking Jon  Kate Plus 8 star filed a lawsuit accusing her ex-husband Jon of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer.  Video Jennifer Hudson's New Movies, New Album Jennifer Hudson chats with Coco Jones on the red carpet at the MTV VMAs. She stars in the upcoming "The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete" as well as "Winnie Mandela."  Teacher's "Wicked" Duet Goes Viral Every bone in Sarah Horn's body vibrated when she heard the roar from the crowd as she sang a song from the Broadway hit, “Wicked,” with one of its stars in front of 10,000 at the Hollywood Bowl in a video seen...  Prev 1 2 3 4 5 + Next EVENTS Jerry Seinfeld Backstreet Boys with Jesse McCartney Dave Matthews Band The Wiggles More Events  Get Entertainment Movies, music, and TV updates via email. Privacy Policy | More Newsletters Photos & Videos People of Burning Man 2013 Epic Fail: Watch Skateboarder Faceplant, Damage Gate Michelle Obama Style Guide WATCH: Burglars Ram Truck Into Pawn Shop, Steal Firearms Serena Williams on Hosting the Taste of Tennis and Her Secret Waffle Recipe Lady Gaga Talks New Album Photographing MLK's Dream Speech The March 50 Years Later Panda Cub Gets First Check-Up Deployed Dad Surprises Daughter at Game Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez Doctors Urge Obese Patients to Maintain, Not Gain Weight news Lawsuit in 8-Year-Old's Torture Death 4,000 Fighting Rim Fire Near Yosemite, Now 20% Contained Ex-Vice Principal Sentenced for Sex With Students Mom Suffocates, Dumps Baby at Bar: DA Store Camera Catches NJ Men in Act of Honesty Gunmen Sought in Playa Del Rey Home Invasion Video AM Forecast: Flash Flood Watches Extended Orthotic Technology Helps Injured Service Members Gunmen Tie Up Man, Steal Money and Car in Home Invasion Rim Fire Grows, Spreads Into Yosemite Seal Beach Bans Future E-Cigarette Smokeshops Firefighter's Son Accused of Setting Three Brush Fires US & World U.S. Could Launch Strikes Against Syria Thursday Sarah Murnaghan's Mom Talks Homecoming Hasan Rests, Says Nothing in Fort Hood Sentencing Mom Suffocates, Dumps Baby at Bar: DA 4,000 Fighting Rim Fire Near Yosemite, Now 20% Contained Maine Hermit in Court After Decades Alone in Woods News Local U.S. & World Sports Health Tech Weird Weather California News Press Here Triple Threat Weather Forecast Maps & Radar Severe Weather Alerts Weather Stories Entertainment Entertainment News The Scene Events Road Trippin' Worth the Drive Contact Us About Us Community TV Listings Traffic  Send Feedback | Terms Of Service | Privacy Policy  2013 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Portions by Broadcast Interactive Media. FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports KNBC Public Inspection File 21st Century Solutions AdChoices  SiteCatalyst code version: H.2.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com 