 Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates  Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying  Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling  Events Car Maintenance  Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips  Tools Loan Tips  Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums  Home | Car News | General Motors looks outside Car Culture for New CEO General Motors looks outside Car Culture for New CEO By Automotive Staff | December 8, 2009 COMMENTS  1 PHOTOS With the resignation of Fritz Henderson as its Chief Executive Officer, General Motors has added one more thing to its list of things to do  find a new CEO. The Board of Directors is said to want General Motors to change a lot faster than it was under Henderson. So it intends to search for a CEO from outside the corporation and who is not caught up in the bureaucratic culture of GM. However, pundits are saying that the Board of Directors has shown that it is overbearing and has often criticized it management. So, they say that it may be difficult to find someone who will be willing to take the job. To make the search even more difficult, the U.S. government has imposed limits on how much GM can pay its executives as a prerequisite to GM receiving a multi-billion dollar low interest loan. Some are saying that chairman of the board Ed Whitacre Jr. has eyes on the job. He was constantly criticizing or contradicting Henderson in recent months which may have led to Henderson’s resignation. It is said that the board is looking for someone who has manufacturing and corporate experience. Ford Motor Company had the same criteria when it tapped Alan Mulally in 2006. Mulally was with Boeing. But pundits are saying that this may be difficult because the government owns 61 percent of GM and any move by the company is open to politics. Moreover, because of the pay limitations, the new CEO will have to be financially secure. According to the Associated Press , top candidates being considered include Carlos Ghosn, CEO of Nissan - Renault ; Roger Penske, CEO of Penske Automotive Group, a chain of car dealerships; John Krafcik, CEO of Hyundai Motors America; Joe Hinrichs, group vice president and president of Asia Pacific and Africa for Ford; Derrick Kuzak, group vice president of global production development for Ford; Jim Farley, group vice president of global marketing and Canada, Mexico and South Africa for Ford; Mark Field, executive vice president and president of the Americas for Ford; Mike Jackson, CEO of AutoNation, a chain of dealerships; Robert W. Lane, chairman of the board of John Deere; and Jim Owens, CEO of Caterpillar. Tags: Miscellaneous  Next Article Ford taps Mazda to build Fiesta's Global Chassis Remember the Ford Falcon? It was the car maker’s version of a small, compact car of the early 1960s. Now companies like Ford want to make the small, subcompact car king again. The Fiesta has Read more Related Articles New General Motors goes HGTV in remodeling Dealerships Looks like General Motors, to show its brand new image, is doing some remodeling. The automaker wants the buying public to understand something. The Old General Motors is dead. There is a NEW General Motors. Read more General Motors CEO Henderson: Opportunity and No Second Chance Pundits are giving the Obama Administration kudos for its work in guiding both General Motors and Chrysler through bankruptcy in record time. The process could have taken months if not years and it even could Read more General Motors versus Chrysler Bankruptcy: There falls Goliath Let’s face it. Going through bankruptcy is not an easy task. Chrysler is now experiencing the feeling of what people think could now take years. If thats the case, what can General Motors expect if Read more  Logout Profile Log in or Register to comment   Tweets by @MyAutomotive  About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content  Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. HALWBBLG5 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes   