 Register  Advertise Our Industry Websites  Automotive Technology  Broadcast Technology  Defence Industries  Global Outsourcing Hub  Hospitals Management Packaging Labelling  Pharmaceutical Tech  Plant Automation Technology  Plastics Technology  Pulp and Paper Technology  Sports Venue Technology  Steel Technology    Home About Us Automotive Technology is a connecting point for buyers and suppliers across the global automotive industry. With its unique content proposition and regular updates, Automotive Technology is designed to be the platform of choice for professionals seeking fruitful partnerships and stay abreast of the day-to-day developments in the industry. Testimonials Clients e-Newsletters Products  Services Automotive Accessories Automotive Testing and Calibration Systems Body / Chassis and Components Brakes and Braking System Components Bearings Climate Control Systems and Components Cutting Tools Electronic Systems and Components Engineering Services Engines and Engine Components Suppliers A-Z A J S B K T C L U D M V E N W F O X G P Y H Q Z I R  Industry Info Market Analysis Organisations Buyers Industry updates News Press Releases Events Projects White Papers Reports Product Gallery KnowledgeBank Articles Interviews Partners Latest on Automotive Technology  Importance of Research and Development in Automotive Industry For automotive companies today, success hinges on the ability to manage costs while also meeting design requirements, deadlines, and, in many cases, government regulations. From the initial stages of product conception to the final stages of manufacturing, alternative and innovative approaches must be explored, decisions must be guided by science, existing intelligence must be leveraged, processes must be optimized, and teams must be free to communicate. Pillarless Containers Chaphekar Engineering is a million dollar engineering company providing services to wide range of industries in India. Chaphekar Engineering is an ISO/TS 16949 certified company, well known for manufacturing of Cargo bodies for Light and Heavy Commercial Vehicles, Truck Applications, Sheet Metal Components and Precision Tools and Dies. Since its foundation in 1958, Chaphekar Engineering has gone a long way from being a one-man press shop to a well equipped manufacturing plant. Elegant Auto Accessories Elegant Auto Accessories is a twenty five years old company, manufacturing a wide range of Fabric Car Seat Covers, Carpet Foot mats, Dash Board Covers & Auto accessories. The brand ELEGANT is known as the leading supplier to OEM’s for their aftermarket requirements and in the open market.Elegant Auto Accessories has ISO 9001:2008 certifications for Quality Management from certification bodies and also good credit rating SE-2A from D SMERA. Radical Innovation in Urban Transport - Mobilicity The drive is series hybrid using a Li-Ion battery energy storage system. The three energy conversion options make the platform future-proof over the coming decades. The first version employs a bio-fuel ICE, the second stage uses a hydrogen ICE and the third and final drive configuration uses a low power hydrogen fuel cell. The vehicle has been designed to suit the low speed of modern urban conditions and combines the benefits of low power ratings, low noise, and increased safety. Portable Fridges & Warmers Tropicool introduced world class technology of Thermo- Electric Fridges and Warmers in 1997. Operating on NASA micro chip technology these thermo electric fridges are designed for use in vehicles on 12V DC power with low energy consumption. With both Hot and cold settings, these Portable Fridges & Warmers may be used to store chilled drinks, hot home cooked meals, vital medicines or fresh foods when on the move. Our e-newsletters Client's e-Mailblast Click to Post your Requirement we will help you,  let us know your enquiry Callback Request Newsletter Signup News Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Four Colorado Cities Rank in Ninth Annual Al... Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Infiniti releases first image of sleek, seductive ... Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Nissan Motor Features Star Wars Charac... Tuesday, August 27, 2013 SORL Exclusively Developing All Air-Operated Valve... Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Magna Celebrates Grand Opening of Powertrain Facil... Press Releases Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Ford President and CEO Alan Mulally to Deliver Keynote at IFA in Berlin Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Research and Markets: Fleet Management Market (Fleet Analytics, Vehicle Tra Tuesday, August 27, 2013 International Armoring Corporation Announces Safeboard™ Products to Incre Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Schnitzer Provides Outlook for Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2013 Tuesday, August 27, 2013 PowerGenix’s Nickel-Zinc Battery Technology Certified by China National L Suppliers of the Month Kumar Enterprises Portable Fridges & Warmers, Rear View Camera Systems, Head Up Display ( HUD ), Auto Wiper System.. Elegant Auto Accessories Automotive Europa Rider Car Seat Covers,Automotive Europa Rider Beige Front & Back.Automobile Fabguard Jacquard Car Seat Covers Chaphekar Engineering Pvt. Ltd. Load Body, Pillarless Containers, Refer Van, Steering Mounting Bracket component,Tubular Batteries... Events Automechanika Mascow... Mascow Expocentre, Russia,Russia XXIII congresso Fenabrave... Expo Center Norte, Sao Paulo, Brazil,Brazil PAACE Automechanika Mexico... Centro Banamex (Mexico City),Mexico Industrial Components and Subcontracting 2013... BITEC, Bangkok, Thailand,Thailand Reports Tuesday, August 06, 2013 Continental Aktiengesellschaft (CON) - Financial a... Tuesday, August 06, 2013 Robert Bosch GmbH - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review... Tuesday, July 30, 2013 Denso Corporation (6902) - Financial and Strategic... Tuesday, July 23, 2013 Cheng Shin Rubber Ind. Co., Ltd. (2105) - Financia... Latest Video Projects Toyota to Build Lexus ES 350 at Its Georgetown, Kentucky Plant... GM To Create A Flexible Manufacturing Cell At Lansing Plant... Ford Is Investing More Than $773 Million Across Southeast Michigan Manufacturing... Saab: New Order for Saabs Carl-Gustaf... Whitepapers Sound Advice Simon Watkins, Professor, Aerospace Mechanical  Manufacturing Engineering Satya Prasad Mavuri , Research Fellow - AutoCRC School of Aerospace, Mechanical and Manufacturing Engineering RMIT University, Australia more Articles Importance of Research and Development in Automotive Industry The term Research and Development (R) refers to a specialized group of activities within a business. The activities that are classified as R differ from company to company, but the general idea is the same for all the companies. Firstly, the primary function of an R group is to develop new products. Secondly R group has to discover and create new knowledge about scientific and technological topics for the purpose of uncovering and enabling development of valuable new products, processes, and services Full Article Product Gallery View all products  Previous Next Testimonials It looks great. I think you have a number of very insightful articles, and I really like how you covered the whole range of automotive functional areas. Mike Lee, Consulting Analyst Automotive & Transportation Practice Asia Pacific Frost & Sullivan  Home About Us Products  Services Suppliers A-Z Product Gallery Industry Info Industry updates Register Links Sitemap Contact  Support Advertise Contact us Policies Disclaimer Terms & Conditions Connect with us Facebook RSS Feeds Twitter Linkedin  2001-2013 Ochre Media All Rights Reserved 