   Circle of Moms All United States United Kingdom Australia Canada France Germany Japan United States United States United Kingdom Australia Canada France Germany Japan Log In Log In or Email Address Password Log In Join Now!  Communities All Communities Welcome to Circle of Moms!! Young moms aged 20-30 Working Moms Recipe Swap Moms With School Age Kids Toddler Moms Stay at Home Moms Toddlers Single Moms After Pregnancy: Babies and Infants Parenting Baby Little Kid Big Kid Tween and Teen Behavior Tips Health and Safety Special Needs Learning Nurseries Pregnancy Baby Showers Baby Names Maternity Clothes Childbirth Breastfeeding Food and Fun Kid-Friendly Recipes Cooking With Kids Kid Activities Kid Parties Holidays Cookbook      Popular Recipes Quick  Easy Recipes Slow Cooker Recipes Add a New Recipe Kid Shopping Kid Product Reviews Kids Books and Music Kids TV and Movies Kids Apps and Games Toys Kids Rooms Kids Clothes Celebrity Baby Style Mom Shopping Family Life Family Fun Family Home Family Relationships Single Moms Staying Sane The Scoop Parenting News Funny Celebrity Moms Celebrity Pregnancies Celebrity Babies Celebrity Baby Roundup Blogger Top 25 Lists Blogger QA Topics All Topics Food Family Home Behavior Relationships Single Moms Staying Sane Family Fun Baby Names Birthdays and Holidays thread All Communities  Welcome to Circle of Moms!!  Convertible Car Seat Recommendations?   Convertible Car Seat Recommendations?   - posted on 01/05/2009 ( 19 moms have responded ) 1 19 0 I am looking for a Convertible Car Seat for my 8 month old son. He is growing out of his infant car seat and is ready to move up to a Convertible Car Seat. My husband and I have a 1994 Toyota 4-Runner and a 2002 Toyota Pre-runner and we need something that will fit in both vehicles. Do you have any recommendations? People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs   Comment Post Powered by RESPECT not THUMPS Join Circle of Moms Sign up for Circle of Moms and be a part of this community! Membership is just one click away. Join Circle of Moms 19 Comments  View replies by Most Recent Oldest Most Helpful Nicest Funniest Most Encouraging   - posted on 01/08/2009  5 17 1 Love my Britax Marathon too. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    [deleted account] Just a small suggestion: Don't buy your Britax from Ebay. I made such a mistake and mine doesn't look authentic. Overall it's all right but the cover is not that durable. My other two Britax I bought thru Toys R us. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/07/2009  1 17 0 Quoting Kelli: Convertible Car Seat Recommendations? I am looking for a Convertible Car Seat for my 8 month old son. He is growing out of his infant car seat and is ready to move up to a Convertible Car Seat. My husband and I have a 1994 Toyota 4-Runner and a 2002 Toyota Pre-runner and we need something that will fit in both vehicles. Do you have any recommendations? I will have to agree with the Britax. Both of my boys used that seat and nw we are in the Britax booster, love it!Although, the Britax is a L.A.T.C.H. System seat. I am not sure your 1994 Toyota has that system. I know your 2002 will because we have had a 4-runner made after 2000. You may want to look into that. The LATCH system makes it more stable and safer. You can use the lap belt on it but, you will notice the difference in how secure it is. I hope this helps! People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/07/2009  1 1 0 We have the Britax Roundabout for our 10 month old son, a hand-me-down from his sister. It's uncomplicated, safe and easy to install. Big sister now has the Britax Marathon. You can't go wrong with a Britax - good safety record, easy to buckle kids in/out and most importantly very easy to install properly. We bought a cheap Evenflo for carpooling and I hate it. Spend the extra money for a good carseat. It is worth it for your child's safety. Save your money on other children items but not your carseat! People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/06/2009  11 7 3 I bought the Evenflo Titan. It has just as high crash ratings in Consumer Reports as the Britax brand but is WAY cheaper. We bought one and loved it so we bought another for Daddy's car. It's very easy to get baby in and out. My daughter is now nearly 19 months and still fits great. I expect she will fit at least another year or more. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/06/2009  2 142 0 My daughter is extra tall and is at the top of the growth charts so I spent the extra and got a Britax. It had higher height and weight limits than some other brands so I will be able to use it longer. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/06/2009  5 13 0 I have the britax marathon and I love it. It is an extremely safe carseat, and it is easy to clean when you have messy toddlers. My daughter has been in hers for over two years now and I have never had a complaint. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    [deleted account] We have the Eddie Bauer Bryant and the it is a pain to install in the rear facing position, otherwise it works well. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/06/2009  1 10 0 I agree with Amy Snyder , all the car seats have to pass the same safety checks. When my daughter was car seat aged, I elected to get 2 of the cheaper ones, so that I didnt have to move it when I moved cars. I worked out great for me. All of the fire departments and some car dealerships will help you to install and make sure the seat properly fits into your car. Good luck! People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/05/2009  1 0 0 I work as a firefighter and have the carseat technician certification so I will give you a few facts as an fyi. All carseats have to pass the same tests to be put on shelves and sold. So price has nothing to do with safety, it is all in how much you want to spend on the color, style, and amenities like cup holders. When picking out a seat you should make sure it is going to last while. There are seats that go from convertible to booster. They have just recently passed a new law about 2 weeks ago that children have to stay in the booster until they are 8 yrs old or 4' 10" tall. It was 4 yrs and 40lbs. The seat needs to fit your car and your child! Costco seats are both inexpensive and nice looking. You can find a good seat for $30-$40 easily. Britax are nice but pricey. Good Luck! People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs     - posted on 01/05/2009  1 0 0 I love my Britax roudabout and they are right - you can't beat that brand!!! Definitely worth the extra $$$ People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/05/2009  1 91 0 Britax makes a great seat - wehaveused the Evenflo Triumph for both my kids since they outgrew their infant seats... we've been very happy with them. There is also the Sunshine Kids Radian65 (or 80 - they have 2 models) that can go from birth to 65 or 80 pounds ~ with a 5-point harness. They can basically use until they can go directly to sitting on the seat with the seatbelt! They are narrower than most of the other seats out there and you can actually fit 3 across the back seat of nearly any vehicle - if that is an issue... People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    [deleted account] We have the Britax Boulevard for both our 3yr old and 8mth old and wouldn't dream of buying any other car seat. It will hold them until they are 65 pounds, there is also a height limit too but I don't remember off the top of my head what it is. Here is the link http://www.britaxusa.com/products/produc... People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/05/2009  52 4 5 i know this is going to sound crazy but keep it in mind it will be better if you buy a slightly cheaper carseat I am saying not 150Dollars or more and get two cheaper ones that are just as safe one for each vehicle if the child is in and out of both regularly or atleast fairly regularly they say most problems parents have is getting it installed the right way in the car if you get one for each car you should be able to go to any firedepartment and they will tell you if they are in tight enough and properly and then you dont have to worry about the straps lossening from wear as much and you know it is tight and not going anywhere The carseats I bought were about 60 a piece and they have all the safety requirement as the really super expencive ones and they should not be used more than 5 years anyways so even if you have more than one kid they dont recommend using them or keeping them any longer than that because the plastics can wear and break down and you not even know it I am sorry this was really long and I hope you dont get mad at me but I just wanted to make sure you knew everything I have learned with two kids and more than one car and have been in an accident better safe than sorry People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/05/2009  5 10 1 I just purchased a Britax Roundabout since it is the only convertible seat that will fit in my husband's car. I bought it on eBay for a very reasonable price since the fabric is discountinued. I will let you know how it works out. :) People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs (1)   [deleted account] I have the Britax Marathon for my 5 year old and have used it since birth. Love it! We have a Chevy Impala and it fits nicely inthe back seat,but I was at the Red Giraffe the other day and happened to be looking through the latest car seats that were out and saw the Britax Roundabout and it did look nice andcompact compared to the Britax Marathon or Boulevard, so it may be agood one to switch betweenvehicles and if one should have a smaller back seat. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    [deleted account] Brittax is a great brand, esp if you plan to have more kids. The seat will last well with very few troubles. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/05/2009  1 19 0 go for the britax roundabout or the next step up! easy to use..lasts through toddler up until they need a booster, and they are super easy to clean! a little pricey but worth it! People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs    - posted on 01/05/2009  36 24 7 I have the Britax Marathon for my 2.5 year old and another one for my 6 month old as soon as she out grows the infant carrier. I have a 2003 VW Passat and they both will fit in there fine. It is a great car seat. People thought this was ... Helpful Nice Funny Encouraging Hugs   Comment Post Powered by RESPECT not THUMPS  Welcome to Circle of Moms!! 10,493,543 members - Invite More  Privacy: Open | Category: Motherhood  | Administrator :    You May Also Like Britax's New Technology Changes the Car Seat Game  Cool Boy Names  5 Solutions For Babies Who Cry in the Car  Chicco's New NextFit Convertible Car Seat Is a Game Changer When It...  Pretty Girl Names Most Popular Weening baby onto bottle - I'm having trouble weening my... I'm having trouble weening my daughter onto a bottle and I've tried different bottles,... 5th birthday party ideas - I am looking for birthday party... I am looking for birthday party ideas for my daughter's 5th birthday party. I... Got any formula recommendations? I'm having my second baby soonish and no sure what formula I want to put her on. My... What is a good brand of formula? What is the best formula for babies? Does anyone cloth diaper? Would love input! Right now I am seriously considering cloth diapering & Bum Genius makes and Organic... Related Conversations Convertible Car Seats? Any suggestions... We are starting to research convertible car seats for our 9 month old. She is very... car seats? - I am looking for recommendations for car seats.... I am looking for recommendations for car seats. My 7 month old has grown out of the... What's a decently priced convertible car seat? My 3 month old is going to outgrow his car seat in the next month or two so we are... any recommendations for the best convertible carseat? Car seat question - I'm starting to research convertible car... I'm starting to research convertible car seats (still using an infant seat) and I... Upgrading from Infant carseat. Advice? My dd will be 1 at the end of February. She is not yet 20 lbs but will obviously be... Looking for a convertible carseat for my almost 11 month old.... Car Seats - I am trying to choose between two forward facing... I am trying to choose between two forward facing carseats. One is a Graco, the other a... What convertable car seat do you recommend? We have a small car and I want to keep my baby rear facing as long as possible. What's... need recommendation for a car seat My baby girl is 9 months now and i needed you moms to help me choose the ...  Related Questions  Answers Q: What car seat do I get after the infant seat? 6 Answers Q: How can I get my toddler to stop unclipping his car seat? 16 Answers Q: When do you move your child up to the bigger car seat? 10 Answers Q: What are the best strollers? 51 Answers Q: What can I do to make my 3.5 hours airplane ride with my 21 month old go smoothly? 31 Answers Polls Want to find out the opinions of this community? Add Poll Related Tags  car seat recommendations britax and sunshine kids eddie bauer convertible car seat car seat technician britax marathon seat britax marathon or boulevard infant car seat make sure yo sunshine kids radian65 better safe than sorry height and weight limit Top Communities After Pregnancy: Babies and Infants Breastfeeding Moms Expecting Kids aged over 10yrs old... Moms of Teenagers Moms With School Age Kids mums over 40 ..........with children of all ages... Stay at Home Moms Toddler Moms Toddlers Topics All Topics Food Family Home Behavior Relationships Single Moms Staying Sane Family Fun Baby Names Birthdays and Holidays Top Features POPSUGAR Moms Communities Mom Bloggers The Cookbook QA Sitemap Learn More About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Community Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy Jobs  Circle of Moms  Follow @ circleofmoms Facebook 2013 POPSUGAR Inc.  Insanely Addictive  PopSugar  PopSugar Living  PopSugar Moms SiteCatalyst code version: H.26.Copyright 1996-2013 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com   