 https://my.analog.com https://registration.analog.com myAnalog_id 简体中文 | 日本語 | Руccкий Log In MyAnalog ANALOG DEVICES AUTOMOTIVE Automotive Site All of analog.com View All Products View All Applications Support Technical Support Customer Service Contact Webmaster EngineerZone Support Forum  HOME  AIRBAG/CRASH SENSING  ROLLOVER/STABILITY CONTROL  ADVANCED DRIVER ASSISTANCE (ADAS)  SENSORS AND SENSOR INTERFACE  BATTERY MANAGEMENT  HYBRID/ELECTRIC VEHICLES  INFOTAINMENT ADI Home Automotive Share Print Save to myAnalog Email Facebook Linkedin Twitter Google +1 Automotive Automotive Test In Automotive Electronics, signal processing plays a major role by enabling new functionality and better performance. To create the safer, greener and more comfortable automobiles of the future, designers are turning to Analog Devices’ converter, amplifier, MEMS, sensor, sensor interface, digital isolator, processor, and RF technologies to help them develop cost-effective, higher-performance system designs. Our components and application-specific ICs are found in the most innovative systems for rollover and stability control, airbag and crash sensing, radar and vision driver assistance, HEV / EV power management, 12V battery management, fuel injection, transmission control, head units, audio amplifiers and many other emerging applications. As a long-term supplier to the auto industry, our zero-defect management system is an integral part of our design and manufacturing processes and all Analog Devices’ plants are ISO9001/2000, QS9000, ISO14000-TS16949 certified. Brochure: Signal Processing Technology for Automotive Systems View or Download the latest Automotive Recommended Parts List   Airbag/ Crash Sensing ADI is a leading supplier of products that enable collision detection and airbag deployment. With a full portfolio of solutions, ADI can help with your next safety system challenge. More...  Rollover/ Stability Control Rollover and Stability Control systems provide active safety of the vehicle through precise monitoring of vehicle dynamics and automatic control of brakes, suspension and steering to maintain driver-intended operation. More...  Advanced Driver Assistance (ADAS Radar) ADI's broad portfolio of Base-band and RF ICs enable optimized performance/cost tradeoff in 24GHz to 79GHz radar systems. More...  Advanced Driver Assistance (ADAS Vision) Analog Devices camera based Advanced Driver Assistance products deliver scalable, high performance, low power signal chains to enable adoption of Comfort and Safety oriented automotive camera applications. More...  Sensors and Sensor Interface Sensor and Sensor-Interface is at the heart of ADI's technology. Products range from industry-leading op-amps to customized systems-on-chip. More....  Battery Management For today's more electronically sophisticated and demanding vehicles, ADI offers a variety of integrated IC battery management solutions specifically designed to maximize your vehicles available power budget. More....  Hybrid Electric Vehicles (HEV)/Electric Vehicles (EV) Analog's solution provides the best in class accuracy to meet the automotive Li-Ion monitoring and back-up needs for safety, reliability and costs. More...  Infotainment ADI gives automotive electronics designers the products and development platforms they need to bring a wide-variety of infotainment, entertainment and navigation products to market faster. More... Explore by Technologies  A/D Converters | D/A Converters | Linear | MEMS | Processors | RF/IF  Featured Products AD8436: Low Cost, Low Power, True RMS-to-DC Converter AD8283: Radar Receive Path AFE: 6-Channel LNA/PGA/AAF with ADC AD8280: Lithium Ion Battery Safety Monitor AD8210: High Voltage, Bidirectional Current Shunt Monitor AD8215: High Voltage, Current Shunt Monitor ADUC7030: Integrated Precision Battery Sensor For Automotive More.... News  Audi Group and Analog Devices to Collaborate on Automotive Innovations (07Jun13) Video: ADI's Electronica 2012 demo features multi-zone high definition video for the car. (01Dec12)  Searching For The Ideal Sensor, an interview with Mark Gill, vice president, Automotive Business Unit (01Nov12) German Companies Aaronia and Inova Semi-conductors GmbH Part Of Innovative Demonstrations In ADI Booth at electronica (09Oct12) Rearward Detection Mandate Presents Rearview Video Design Challenges (05Jul12) Analog Devices Becomes a Platinum Member of the Embedded Vision Alliance (29Mar12) Boston.com - Radar System Makes this a Smart Car Adaptive cruise control senses traffic and automatically brakes or slows. (25Jul11) EDN - Automobile Sensors May Usher in Self-driving Cars (26May11) Advanced Automotive Radar Helps Car Makers Increase Driver Safety Through Intelligent Vehicle Design (25May11) Design News - ADI Chip Monitors Safety of Lithium-Ion Battery Stacks in Hybrid Vehicles (15Mar11) Analog Devices Introduces Lithium-Ion Battery Monitoring and Protection System for Energy, Industrial and Automotive Applications ADI’s complete monitoring and protection system for Li-ion high-voltage battery stacks prevents over-voltage, over-temperature and under-voltage conditions. (05Mar10) Mitsubishi Motors Adopts Analog Devices’ Low-Power Isolation Technology For Next-Generation Electric Vehicle ADI's i Coupler digital isolation technology helps the Mitsubishi i-MiEV all-electric vehicles operate safely and reliably with high-voltage batteries. (24Mar10) Silentium and Blackfin® Bring Active Noise Cancellation to a Multitude of Applications (03Mar10) Analog Devices in Automotive (16Feb10) Car Tech: Taking Drivers' Helpers for a Spin (ComputerWorld, January 2010) (07Jan10) Aglaia's Blackfin®-based "Electronic Eye" Warns Drivers of Lane Departure, Adjusts Speed (24Nov09) Jungo's USBware Provides Complete USB Protocol Solution for Blackfin® (24Nov09) Fujitsu Ten Leverages SHARC® to Deliver Advanced Acoustic Equalization and Superior Performance for Car Audio Systems (24Nov09) SRS Uses SHARC for SRS Circle Surround® II Technology for Home Theater, PCs, Cars, Wireless Streaming (24Nov09) Subscribe to News Feed   Find Analog Devices in Social Media Join Analog Devices on EngineerZone Follow Analog Devices on Twitter Visit Analog Devices on Facebook Follow us on Google+ View Analog Devices on YouTube Join Analog Devices on LinkedIn RSS Feeds Careers Contact ADI About ADI Investor Relations News Room Site Map 简体中文 日本語 eNewsletters Analog Dialogue  1995 - Analog Devices, Inc. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Terms of Use 沪ICP备09046653号 Send Feedback X Send Feedback Close 