 Travel Greece Travel Search Greece Travel Going to Greece About Greece Best of Greece Filed In: Festivals & Events Arts, Culture, & Entertainment A guide to the arts and entertainment highlights of Athens, Crete, and the rest of Greece, including theater, plays, concerts, operas, art exhibits, and more. Onassis Cultural Center The Onassis Cultural Center opened in Athens Greece in December 2010. The new venue will offer a wide variety of cultural events. Greece Outside Greece Since ancient times the Greeks have travelled to new lands. If you're missing Greece, or you'd like to warm up for your trip to Greece, or you need to find a sudden extra souvenir after you've returned from the Greek islands, check out your local "Greektown". Music Venues in Athens, Greece Athens Greece has a lively live music scene with music for all tastes. Here are some of the most popular venues in Athens, Greece. Bios Claiming to be the heart of modernist culture in Athens, this edgy venue presents art and music from around the world, often in multi-media and interactive presentations. Booking Service: Openseas from Forthnet The Concert Hall in Thessaloniki hosts concerts, conventions, and other events in Thessaloniki. Top 5 Videos and DVDs on Greek Travel Get a glimpse of Greece before you go with these travelogues on Greece and the Greek islands. Rockwave Festival The increasingly-popular Rockwave festival continues to expand, offering top alternative acts in a music festival environment. Samothraki Dance Festival Will this controversial festival take place this year? That's an open question, but past events have been memorable at this unique dance festival. Vyronas Music Festival While tourists flock to the Hellenic Festival, savvy Greeks enjoy both local and international music at the Vyronas Festival, held each June and July just to the east of Athens. Arts and Culture Venues in Athens Explore more of the arts and culture of Athens at these museums and other venues, most easy to get to but often missed on trips to Greece. Free Greece Travel Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Greece Travel Must Reads Sightseeing Tours in Athens, Greece Best Beaches in Greece Tours and Trips in Greece Top 10 Destinations in Greece Find Cheap Flights to Greece Most Popular The ABCs of Greek - Learn the Greek Alphabet Easter in Greece - Dates Mamma Mia Movie Locations Greek Power Sharks in Greece Free Greece Travel Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Plan Your Trip to Greece Things to See & Do Athens Greece Santorini Mykonos Crete Greek Mythology Hotels in Greece Pictures of Greece Tours & Cruises of Greece Festivals & Events Eating & Drinking in Greece Greece Weather Greece Travel About.com Travel Greece Travel Festivals & Events Arts & Culture Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 