 Home Sitemap Tuesday 27 August, 2013 Scarlett Johansson and Nate Naylor Break up Rihanna Single for Two Years Lady Gaga Becomes a Witch? Robert Pattinson Was Caught Dating A Mysterious Woman Kim Kardashian Pinched Kanye Wests Butt in Public  Gossip Celebrity Music Movie Home Showbiz News Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Published On: Thu, Nov 19th, 2009 Gossip | By judyhalone Taylor Lautner Makes Fans Cry Celebrity Gossip  Taylor Lautner , the 17-year-old Twilight star, has an unusual effect on his fans — they burst into tears when they meet him, according to Parade magazine “A lot of them will just burst into tears, and that’s just moving,” Lautner said of his weeping followers. “It’s like it must mean so much for them to meet us and it’s just, it’s an amazing feeling to know that you can touch somebody in that way. It also makes you sad and you’re going, ‘Don’t cry, please stop crying.’” The buffed-up teen says he’s looking forward to his upcoming 18th birthday. “My upcoming 18th birthday will be a big day,” he said. “As soon as I finish this press stuff for New Moon , maybe I’ll think about that. I’m having the time of my life, so it couldn’t be a better end to my teenage years. I’m doing what I love and I’m spending time with the people I love, so it’s great. I’m definitely never ever going to forget this time in my life.” Taylor recently admitted that he still isn’t used to seeing his face on posters. “I don’t think there’s a way to ever get used to it,” he said. “It’s not normal to drive down the street and see your face up there. “But it’s Twilight . It comes with the job I guess.” Tagged with: Taylor Lautner , Displaying 4 Comments Have Your Say  britt says: April 20, 2011 at 12:05 am this pic is not of Taylor Lautner. Its of Steven Straight in The Covenant  Thurshasw says: June 1, 2011 at 5:10 am The picture that you have posted here titled Taylor Lautner Makes Fans Cry is actually a picture of Steven Strait from a scene in the movie The Covenant 2006.  Katie Graybill says: July 8, 2011 at 9:19 pm You got the wrong picture. Its of Steven Strait from the movie The Covenant. You might wanna get your facts and pictures strait before you post them all over the internet.  catherin says: October 10, 2011 at 3:13 pm hola taylor lautner soy tu fans numero 1 actuas en la pelicula sin escape buenisimo en la guao estas buenisimo soy catherin de venezuela maracay aragua quiero conocerte en la fundacion regional el simon aragua maracay cuando termine grabar la pelicula que trabaje como vigilante o muchacho de red o como profesor makandal calincanto maracay aragua  Have Something to Say? Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) (Optional) XHTML: You can use these html tags: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong  Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Related News Scarlett Johansson and Nate Naylor Break up Robert Pattinson Was Caught Dating A Mysterious Woman Chris Brown Wants His Girlfriend Back Jennifer Lopez and Casper Smart Officially Engaged?  Comments Categories Tags marcos vinicios on Taylor Lautner and Sarah Hicks Back Together! rina on Cristiano Ronaldo Devastated at Paris Hilton Snub Angea on Cigarettes Worsens Rihannas vocal Cords charles on Snooki to Become a MILF tona on Cristiano Ronaldo Devastated at Paris Hilton Snub Celebrity Celebrity Info Entertainment Fashion Gossip Hollywood Movie Movie Review Movie Trailers Music Music Reviews photos Showbiz News actress American Idol Amp angelina jolie brad pitt British Actor Britney Spears Celebrity Gossip Celebrity News David Beckham Fame Flick Girls Hitmaker Hollywood Insider jennifer aniston Kristen Stewart Lady Gaga Lily Allen Lindsay Lohan love madonna Marriage Megan Fox Michael Jackson Mom Movie Gossip Music National Enquirer new moon People People Magazine Relationship Rihanna Robert Pattinson Romance sequel showbiz news Showbiz News Simon Cowell Taylor Lautner Tom Cruise twilight Victoria Beckham Search Recent News Scarlett Johansson and Nate Naylor Break up Rihanna Single for Two Years Lady Gaga Becomes a Witch? Robert Pattinson Was Caught Dating A Mysterious Woman Kim Kardashian Pinched Kanye Wests Butt in Public LeAnn Rimes Suffers from Severe Infection Chris Brown Wants His Girlfriend Back Robert Pattinson: Women Are Difficult to Understand Kim Kardashians Simple Diet Tips Lady Gaga Spreads Her Hot Photos With Donatella Versace Anne Hathaway is Cheerful After Marriage Salma Hayek Says She is Chubby Nicole Kidman: Divorce Made Me Depressed David Beckham Learning to Become a Photographer Jennifer Lopez and Casper Smart Officially Engaged? Avril Lavigne Hiding Pregnancy? Nicole Kidman Denies to be Involved In Tom-Kats Divorce Katie Holmes Will No Longer Date Older Men Seth MacFarlane and Emilia Clarke in a Relationship Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Wont be Getting Married Soon Great Sites Football News Health tips    JudyHalone.com - All Rights Reserved 