 Jalopnik P Jalopnik I C Opposite Lock C Detroit C Ride Apart C Drive Kinja Deadspin Gawker Gizmodo io9 Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker S Advanced Include Unpublished Include Replies Include only posts that have... Images Video Marked as Spam  Drive free or die. Reviews · The Morning Shift · AOTD Oppo · Detroit · Drive · Rideapart Top stories What Happens When A Turbo Toyota GT86 Races A McLaren 12C? The 2014 Toyota Corolla Is 2003s Best New Car Boners, F-Bombs, And GoDaddy: Inside NASCARs 18,359 FCC Complaints Youll Never Look At Airplanes The Same After This Film Here Are Emails We Received After Our Viper Club Article Delaware DMV Tweets That They Will Not Suck Dicks What Dream Car Have You Never Seen In Person? The Ten Greatest Infrastructure Failures In Modern History Holy Crap Its A Flaming Joyride In A Jaguar XJ220 Countach Vs. Testarossa Showdown Ray Wert 6/06/11 2:15pm 6/06/11 2:15pm Edit 112,791 g 1 1 508 L K How Forza Motorsport 4 will change car culture forever With Forza Motorsport 3, Microsoft's Turn 10 Studios tried creating the greatest racing game of its generation. Arguably, it was. On October 11th, when Forza Motorsport 4 is released for Xbox 360 they're setting their sights higher — creating the next generation of car enthusiasts. As the man in charge of the world's largest auto enthusiast site, I know a little bit about car guys. I also know that they're a dying breed. I also realized our culture will die even faster if we all continue down a road built by soporific, auto industry-obsessed Autoblog -like sites or the beige buff books. It's the reason why, two years ago, I wrote  The Awesomeness Manifesto , a plan to use Jalopnik to not only cater to the hardcore enthusiasts, but also use its almost lifestyle-like reach to build the next generation of car enthusiasts. Since then, we've almost doubled in size. Yay us. At the heart of my strategy was the realization that the next generation of car guys were no longer being bred in garages and under shade trees, they're growing up in their parents' basements playing car video games. One needs only look at the cult-like status the GT-R has in this country thanks to the Gran Turismo franchise to understand the power of video games at molding reality of car enthusiasts. What we needed to do was turn gadget guys and video gamers into car guys. And that's exactly why we partnered with Turn 10 on  Forzalopnik  — two game packs for Forza Motorsport 3 — and it's why we're working with Turn 10 to partner even more closely on Forza 4 ( Full disclosure below. ) I'll put it to you this way — it's not Car  Driver , Motor Trend or Autoblog that I'm scared will likely unseat us with the online enthusiast community. No, it's the Forza franchise that keeps me up at night. Especially after I traveled out to Seattle last month to get behind the wheel — literally and figuratively — of Forza Motorsport 4. The game features some seriously impressive-looking new graphics, a completely re-worked physics engine with an enhanced tire dynamics system, two new game-play modes utilizing the XBox Kinect motion-action-camera-sensor system and a slew of cool new community features. Combined, they look like they might be able to deliver on the promise of my Awesomeness Manifesto in a way that I never thought possible. Let's walk through the new stuff: View gallery  Graphics (Polygon count size does matter!): For starters, Turn 10's re-rendered every single vehicle, ripping the graphics engine down and building it back up. And the results are simply staggering. Polygons per car are up from Forza 3's 400,000 to over one million polygons per car in Forza 4. Turn 10's added real-light changes like blooming and lens flares help make the cars look like they're really in the environment. Forza 4 is achieving in real-time at 60 frames per second what was once something Pixar needed weeks to render. Just take a look through the gorgeous gameplay shots in the gallery to the left to see what I mean. It's beautiful. Physics Engine (Kick the tires and light the fires!): Not only has Turn 10 rebuilt the physics engine from scratch, they've also tried to address one of the most glaring problems with Forza 3, the tires. That's why, for enthusiasts anyway, the most important addition to the game is going to be the tire physics. Thanks to a partnership with Pirelli, Turn 10 has completely redone the modeling for tire dynamics. The tire company let them inside their testing system to give the game a soup-to-nuts data download and allow them to directly input it into the game. That means that when you turn off all the nanny systems, and you're in a car fitted with a set of racing slicks, and you push down the accelerator a touch too hard, you'll slip and slide in the most realistic way I've ever experienced. I found out embarrassingly first-hand in a simulator the perils of such a setup on a ham-fisted and lead-footed auto journalist. S But it's so brilliantly realistic you can't not be excited at the prospect of turning off the nanny systems and letting loose some tire-shredding burnouts on a digital skidpad. Or, in my case, skidding into walls on an all-new track that Forza tried to build to be the best driving road on Earth. Set in the Swiss Alps with three to five different ribbons, it's certainly intimidating. It's also beautiful to look at. Kinect (Somehow we find a Kinect-ion is made!): There's three ways to use the Xbox 360 Kinect motion action camera system and the best way to conceptualize why both of them exist is to think of them as being for three different types of people. One, a sort of gimmick-y mode called Autovista Mode, is a system for bringing the automotive experience to life. You can walk around a car in a virtual showroom, crouch down to look at the details, or open the doors and hood using the power of Kinect. The coolest part of that feature is there's a heavy integration with Top Gear — Jeremy Clarkson has a soliloquy on each of the cars in Autovista Mode. The second, is what I like to call frat boy mode — imagine a fraternity house where you have the game set up and everyone's taking turns to play each other — a la Goldeneye from back when I went to school. Basically, you stick your hands out and grab a virtual wheel as you sit on the couch with your friends and family — and thanks to auto-acceleration and auto-braking — there's no controller required. That also means there's no controller to accidentally drop beer on. It's an easy way to play with friends with no muss or fuss. The third feature is really for the hardcore gamers and hardcore enthusiasts. You can truly immerse yourself in the game with Kinect Head Tracking, which pans the camera view based on how you naturally look into the corners when you're hard charging. There's even a fourth integration that I didn't try that can take advantage of Kinect voice control to easily navigate the game's menus. Community (Because car guys are social little bitches!): One of the coolest new community features is the ability to create a guild-like car club and then recruit your friends — or, really, the best of the best — and have the ultimate dream team of drivers, tuners and painters from the Forza community. Within each club you'll be able to share your custom cars and then, if you're interested, use them to dominate the other clubs. A second feature is an all-new Rivals Mode that lets you play against your friends whether they're online or not in a variety of different game types. Basically, you'd race against a ghost version of them, chasing or leading your opponent's ghost around the track. Now combine those features with access to cars from over 80 manufacturers — more than any other racing game. With the number of manufacturers Forza comes to the table with, it turns the game into something more — almost a quintessential experiential automotive game. You can have access to cars and manufacturers you'd never be able to afford or touch in real life, whenever and however you want them. Who cares what a car magazine says when you can walk around the Ferrari 458 Italia yourself, pop the hood, slip inside, shut the door, hear Jeremy Clarkson talk about it and then drive it yourself against your friend. And that's exactly why I'm more excited for Forza Motorsport 4 than I've ever been for a driving game. Not only does it look to be brilliant, it might even help save car culture. I'm all for it. Even if I am worried it'll put me out of business. FULL DISCLOSURE: Jalopnik had an editorial tie-up with Turn 10 Studios on Forza Motorsport 3, this game's predecessor, on two DLC packs for the game. We are working on a similar tie-up on Forza Motorsport 4. Although no money has exchanged hands in this relationship, because it might be something you feel could affect our judgment and clarity in covering this game, we felt the transparency was important. Related 3 4 How Forza Motorsport 4 will change car culture forever With Forza Motorsport 3, Microsoft's Turn 10 Studios tried creating the greatest racing game. On October 11th, when Forza Motorsport 4 is… Read… GM's share price is too low, Alan Mulally is smiling, and we're guzzling less gas This is the Morning Shift, our one-stop daily roundup of all the auto news that's actually important — all in one place at 9:00 AM. Or, you… Read… Forza Motorsport 4 E3 trailer shows off Ferrari-drifting, head-tracking fun Microsoft debuted their new trailer for Forza Motorsport 4 at E3 2011 last night, proudly displaying the game's new Kinect-enhanced ability to… Read… How Forza Motorsport 4 will change car culture forever On October 11th, when Forza Motorsport 4 is released for Xbox 360, Turn 10 Studios doesn't just want to create the greatest racing game. They… Read… The 2012 BMW M5 looks epic in Forza 4 Buyers of an up-priced Limited Collector's Edition version of Forza Motorsport 4 will be the first in the world to get… Read… Top Gear and Forza 4: From Car Soccer to Car Bowling As part of the tie-up between Microsoft's Turn 10 Studios and the BBC's smash-hit motoring show, Top Gear, Forza Motorsports 4 will include … Read… How the Stig tried to kill me It turns out The Stig doesn't like it when you tell him halfway through a hot lap of Top Gear's UK test track, I think Schumi was… Read… Does the world's greatest road course only exist in a game? The team at Turn 10 Studios tried to design the best road race course ever for Forza Motorsport 4. The result? The all-new Bernese Alps track.… Read… Your dad will dig the Forza Motorsport 4 free muscle car downloads A 1965 Pontiac GTO, '69 Shelby GT500 428CJ, '71 Plymouth GTX 426 Hemi, '70 Buick GSX. They're all in your dad's fantasy… Read… Jeremy Clarkson's epic Forza Motorsport 4 live-action trailer If your hands are already soaked with sweat in anticipation for the release of Forza Motorsport 4 on October 11th (in North America, Oct. 14th in… Read… Forza Motorsport 4: First Drive After my first quick hands-on this past June with Forza Motorsport 4, the latest iteration of Microsoft's Turn 10 Studios' racing franchise … Read… Design a DeLorean wrap in Forza 4 and we'll make it real The Electric DeLorean isn't DeLorean Motor Company's only project. They're also working on a supercharged version of the classic… Read… Forza 4 November Speed Pack DLC: Typhoon warning Turn 10 has released this trailer for the November update to Forza 4's menu of stunningly-rendered cars, featuring in-game footage of gorgeous — … Read… Related The Awesomeness Manifesto Much like the auto industry, Jalopnik has lost its way. It's time to get back on track with a simple mission: regain our snarky,… Read… 1 j Facebook i Twitter k Tumblr L Discuss discussions displayed because an author is participating or following a participant. additional replies awaiting review. K Show all discussions additional replies submitted and awaiting review Submitted discussions can be approved by the author or users followed by this blog. More from jalopnik More stories 4 About Help Terms of Use Privacy Advertising Permissions Content Guidelines RSS Jobs  Gawker Media 2013 