 Entertainment: Celebrity gossip and Hollywood news - FOX Carolina 21 Member Center: Create Account | Log In Manage Account | Log Out SITE SEARCH Home News US  World News South Carolina Headlines North Carolina Headlines Politics Photos Gas Prices As Seen On Links  Other Info FOX Fuss Special Coverage Special Reports Weather Weather Alerts Weather Blog Weather Maps Weather Cams Closings/Delays Tropics Tracker Traffic Sports Friday Night Blitz Local Sports Headlines South Carolina Sports Headlines North Carolina Sports Headlines NASCAR NFL College Football NBA MLB SEC Video Video Celebrate The Carolinas Digs Videos Entertainment Entertainment news from the AP Entertainment News from TV Guide Lottery Results Horoscopes Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Daily Animated Comic Entertainment News Releases via PRNewswire Community Events Calendar Lost, Found  Missing Contest Information Four-legged Friends Blog for New Moms LIFESTYLE Main Summer Summer Travel Back to School Get Involved in Your Child's Education Children's Health Healthy Kids Know What's Safe 101 Guide to Applying to College Entertainment Entertainment news from the AP Entertainment News from TV Guide Lottery Results Horoscopes Daily Animated Comic Entertainment News Releases via PRNewswire Money Personal Finance Your Job Business Small Business Home/Family Home  Garden Parenting Seniors Education Green Health Women's Health Diet  Fitness Men's Health Seniors' Health The Latest from HealthDay Children's Health Sex  Relationships Live Well Health Topics Food What's Cooking Now Favorite Recipe Collections Pets Dogs Cats Tech Travel Travel Destination Guides Hot travel deals! Beauty  Style Weddings Fashion Hair  Makeup Shopping Auto News Releases from PRNewswire VideoBytes In the Know Press Releases iWitness Station News Team Advertising Programming FAQs Send News Tips Contact Us Social Tools Jobs Mobile FCC Public File Better Carolinas ConnecTV Modern Family END wnDS29 Caroline Kennedy to join March on Washington rally Caroline Kennedy is joining the lineup of speakers commemorating the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington at the Lincoln Memorial. More END wnDS-20 More News Muhammad Ali awards to honor humanitarian efforts Boxing great Muhammad Ali wants to recognize the greatness of people waging their own fights for peace and social justice. More Spotify's Top 10 most viral tracks By The Associated Press  The following list represents the most viral tracks on Spotify, based on the number of people who shared it divided by the number who listened to it, from Monday, August 19, to... More 'Star Wars' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies Gilbert Taylor was a master of black and white and a master of different universes. More Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction and former love interest Harry Styles took the stage for the MTV Video Music Awards? More Spotify's Top 10 most streamed tracks By The Associated Press  The following list represents the top streamed tracks on Spotify from Monday, August 19, to Sunday, August 25: More '42' actor Boseman to play James Brown in biopic After bringing Jackie Robinson to the big screen, Chadwick Boseman is going to try another icon: James Brown. More Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm She didnt sing a note or write a lick of a lyric, but Smokey Robinson contends that Maxine Powell was as essential to Motown Records operation as the legendary labels songwriters, producers and musicians. More Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Cyrus Dont get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. The performance marked the first time the band played together in 11 years, and also the last time... More Radio star Piolin sues former employees Spanish-language radio host Eddie "Piolin" Sotelo filed suit Monday against six former Univision employees, accusing them of a plot to extort $4.9 million from him with threats that they would falsely accuse him of sexual... More Retired CBS newsman Bruce Dunning dies at 73 CBS News says longtime foreign correspondent Bruce Dunning has died. More Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs Miley Cyrus memorable moment at the MTV Video Music Awards may not have been good for her, but it was great for MTV and social media. More 'The Butler' tops box office with $16.5 million Despite three new releases, the period drama "Lee Daniels The Butler" and the road trip comedy "Were the Millers" stayed atop the box office. More Why twerking is already over: A countdown The day after the MTV Video Music Awards came with a few more people Googling the phrase: "What is twerking?" More Rapper 'Fat Joe' reports to prison in tax case Rap star "Fat Joe" has reported to federal prison in Florida to serve a 4-month sentence for tax evasion. More Damon, Panettiere get Environmental Media Awards The Environmental Media Association is honoring Matt Damon and Hayden Panettiere for their dedication to ecological causes. More Kate Gosselin sues ex over book, alleges hacking Former reality TV star Kate Gosselin filed a lawsuit Monday accusing her ex-husband of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer to get material for a tell-all book. More Michelle Obama, daughters see 2 Broadway shows Michelle Obama and her daughters caught two Broadway shows over the weekend - "The Trip to Bountiful" and "Motown the Musical." More James Brown biopic to be filmed in Mississippi Tate Taylor, the Mississippi native who directed "The Help," said Monday that hell make a biographical feature film about James Brown in the state, starting this fall. More Reggae star sues Va. groups after bottle injury Grammy-winning reggae musician Frederick "Toots" Hibbert is suing several organizations after he was injured during a May concert in Richmond. More Judge approves deal dismissing Paula Deen lawsuit A federal judge signed off Monday on a deal to dismiss a discrimination lawsuit against celebrity cook Paula Deen. More Trump calls NY attorney general a 'political hack' Donald Trump on Monday defended his Trump University as a booming success for student entrepreneurs and blasted New Yorks attorney general, who called it a scam. More James Brown biopic to be filmed in Mississippi The Mississippi native who directed "The Help" says hell make a biographical feature film about James Brown in the state this fall. More Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake own the MTV VMAs It may not be a good thing for her, but Miley Cyrus had the most memorable moment at the MTV Video Music Awards. More Indonesian clerics call for ban of Miss World One of Indonesias most influential Islamic groups is urging the government to cancel the Miss World pageant scheduled for next month, saying the exposure of skin by women in a competition violates Muslim teachings, an... More US businessman held in Chinese blogging crackdown Police have detained a Chinese-American venture capitalist on suspicion of visiting a prostitute in Beijing as authorities crack down on bloggers who have posted sensitive material on Chinas already heavily restricted... More Timberlake, 'N Sync take over Video Music Awards Miley Cyrus foam finger, Lady Gagas thong, Taylor Swifts mean streak and the look on Rihannas face while Drake performed will surely be remembered, but these MTV Video Music Awards belonged to Justin... More Julie Harris, Broadway star, dies at 87 Julie Harris, one of Broadways most honored performers, whose roles ranged from the flamboyant Sally Bowles in "I Am a Camera" to the reclusive Emily Dickinson in "The Belle of Amherst," died Saturday. She was 87. More 'The Butler' stays on top with $17 million "Lee Daniels The Butler" served up a second helping at the box office, topping the weekend with $17 million according to studio estimates Sunday. More Farmers' Almanac: Super Bowl may be 'Storm Bowl' The Farmers Almanac is using words like "piercing cold," bitterly cold" and "biting cold" to describe the upcoming winter. And if its predictions are right, the first outdoor Super Bowl in years will be a... More New biography claims more Salinger books due out The authors of a new J.D. Salinger biography are claiming they have cracked one of publishings greatest mysteries: What "The Catcher in the Rye" novelist was working on during the last half century of his life. More Witnesses to tell of Pistorius' character at trial Oscar Pistorius character, his temper and his use of guns are expected to be examined in his murder trial for the killing of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, based on the prosecutions list of witnesses. More Brazil's top modern artist gets Rio homecoming Shes the toast of New York and beloved in Paris and London, but Beatriz Milhazes thinks theres no place like home. More Brazil's top modern artist gets Rio homecoming Shes the toast of New York and beloved in Paris and London, but Beatriz Milhazes thinks theres no place like home. More Russell Doughten, evangelical filmmaker, dies Russell S. Doughten Jr., whose series of evangelical films about a post-rapture Earth was screened to millions of Christians in churches around the world, has died. He was 86. More Funeral held for author Elmore Leonard in Michigan Mike Lupica moved his tie out of the way and undid a few buttons of his dress shirt to reveal a simple black T-shirt that read: "Not now. Im writing." More Jury hears details of Jackson's medical visits By The Associated Press  A look at key moments this past week in the wrongful death trial in Los Angeles between Michael Jacksons mother, Katherine Jackson, and concert giant AEG Live LLC, and what is... More Linda Ronstadt tells AARP she has Parkinson's Linda Ronstadt says she suffers from Parkinsons disease, which has robbed her ability to sing. More Patrick Dempsey out of Tully's Coffee venture Actor Patrick Dempsey and his business partner in the venture that acquired Tullys Coffee out of bankruptcy have dissolved their partnership. More Alec Baldwin and wife give birth to daughter in NY Actor Alec Baldwin and his wife have given birth to a baby girl in New York. More Hernandez's cousin pleads not guilty to contempt A cousin of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez pleaded not guilty Friday to a contempt charge after being accused of refusing to testify before the grand jury that indicted Hernandez in the killing of a friend. More Sides agree to drop Paula Deen discrimination suit Lawyers signed a deal Friday to drop a discrimination and sexual harassment lawsuit against celebrity cook Paula Deen, who was dumped by the Food Network and other business partners after she said under oath that she had... More Kanye West unveils photo of baby on TV's 'Kris' Baby North West has made her television debut. More NBC re-airing Martin Luther King Jr. interview NBC News says it will rebroadcast a 1963 "Meet the Press" interview with Martin Luther King Jr. in honor of the March on Washingtons 50th anniversary next week. More ESPN drops out of PBS project on NFL head injuries ESPN ended its collaboration with PBS on an investigation of the NFL and players head injuries as public TV producers expressed surprise over the abrupt collapse of the 15-month partnership. More Lovato to appear in multiple episodes of 'Glee' Demi Lovato is taking her big voice to "Glee." More Steven Moyer cast in NBC's 'The Sound of Music' Steven Moyer will play Capt. Von Trapp in NBCs upcoming live production of "The Sound of Music." More Serena and Venus test their culinary skills Could cooking be the new doubles endeavor for Serena and Venus Williams? More Argentina's dubbing decree praised and parodied Argentines call popcorn "pochoclo," but you wouldnt know that watching television here, where many shows are made in the U.S. and come dubbed by actors with Mexican or Spanish accents who call it "palomitas." More Toronto mayor defeats Hulk Hogan in arm-wrestling Torontos larger-than-life mayor took down wrestling star Hulk Hogan in a friendly arm-wrestling match Friday to kick off an annual pop culture convention. More Spacey says TV must adapt to viewer demand or die Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey says television has overtaken cinema as the home of quality character-driven drama, but the industry risks failure if it doesnt recognize that viewers want control over what they watch,... More Stars of reality show 'Pawn Stars' meet Asian fans The stars of the cable reality show "Pawn Stars" have left their Las Vegas pawn shop to meet fans in Southeast Asia. And one of them says he never thought they would be so popular. More Conn. prison officials reverse ban of Lamb book Connecticuts Department of Correction on Thursday reversed its decision to remove a 21-year-old novel written by internationally known author Wally Lamb, a volunteer at one of the states prisons. More Affleck to play Batman in 'Man of Steel' sequel Ben Affleck will don Batmans cape and cowl. More Televised debate for NYC comptroller airs on CBS CBS and Time Warner have temporarily lifted a New York City television blackout so viewers could watch the Democratic candidates running to become the citys next comptroller square off in a debate. More Ex-Patriot Hernandez indicted on murder charge Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez was indicted Thursday on first-degree murder and weapons charges in the death of a friend whose bullet-riddled body was found in an industrial park about a mile from the... More Aziz Ansari writing book on modern courtship A publisher says its acquired actor-comedian Aziz Ansaris first book. More Injured NY tourist's family thanks Dr. Oz for help The parents of a British tourist who was injured when a taxi jumped a curb said Thursday they are grateful for the help of bystanders including TVs Dr. Oz. More Former 'Today' news anchor Lew Wood dies Lew Wood, who marched with Martin Luther King, covered John F. Kennedys assassination and was a news anchor for NBCs "Today" show during a distinguished broadcast career that began with the dawn of television, has... More Kendrick Lamar nominated for 14 BET Hip-Hop Awards Kendrick Lamar made a splash with his major label debut. He recently called out some of raps best by name, warning them about his aim for hip-hops top spot on Big Seans "Control." More Hendricks talks "Mad Men" signature fashion Christina Hendricks says its going to be difficult when the seventh and final season of "Mad Men" starts filming this November. More Ancient mound in Greece fuels heady speculation Greeces Culture Ministry has warned against "overbold" speculation that an ancient artificial mound being excavated could contain a royal Macedonian grave or even Alexander the Great. More Rapper 2 Chainz arrested in Oklahoma City Rapper 2 Chainz was one of 11 people arrested after refusing to get off a tour bus for almost nine hours following a traffic stop in Oklahoma City early Thursday morning, police said. More Winfrey marks 'Butler' debut with Hula Hoop joy When "Beloved" starring Oprah Winfrey fell flat at the box office in 1998, Winfrey drowned her sorrows in macaroni and cheese. More Wentworth Miller comes out, rejects Russian invite Wentworth Miller is declining an invitation to be an honored guest at a film festival in Russia because he is gay. More Kanye professes love for Kim Kardashian on 'Kris' Kanye West proclaims his love for Kim Kardashian and their daughter in an interview with Kardashians mother, Kris Jenner. More Duke coach: Mellencamp's son practicing with team Duke coach David Cutcliffe says walk-on Hud Mellencamp will continue to practice with the football team while he deals with felony battery charges in Indiana. More Ky. theater won't show 'Butler' because of Fonda A central Kentucky theater owner who trained pilots during the Vietnam War is refusing to show the nations top movie, "The Butler" because one of the stars is Jane Fonda who was an outspoken opponent of the conflict. More Tour Saint-Jacques gives new view of Paris skyline Its a view of Paris that only a handful of people have seen in 500 years. More Hedgehogs named for infant prince move to castle Three rare albino hedgehog babies, born on the same day as Britains new prince, have moved into a miniature castle at a Moscow petting zoo. More Balancing family with tennis makes Federer shine Since Roger Federer and his wife, Mirka, had their twin daughters four years ago, the girls have become fixtures on the tennis circuit, traveling with Federer from tournament to tournament. More Metallica to headline at the Apollo There will be a different type of Sandman featured at the Apollo next month. More Police: Intruder found at Lopez's Hamptons estate Police say an intruder had been living for a week on Jennifer Lopezs property in the Hamptons while she was away. More Police: Intruder found at Lopez's Hamptons estate Police say an intruder had been living for a week on Jennifer Lopezs property in the Hamptons while she was away. More Renoir's personal items coming to NYC auction Billed as the single-largest archive of Pierre-Auguste Renoirs personal property, an upcoming auction of hundreds of personal letters, photos and other memorabilia offers a candid look inside the master painters... More Photographer sues Kanye West over LAX scuffle A photographer who claims he was attacked by Kanye West at Los Angeles International Airport sued the rapper Wednesday, claiming assault, battery, negligence and violation of his civil rights. More Adam Carolla writing book, 'President Me' Adam Carolla has a dream. More HIV test prompts proposal for porn film moratorium The adult film industry announced a moratorium on the making of porn films Wednesday after an actor tested positive for HIV. More GLAAD finds movies lag behind TV in LGBT roles We may be seeing more prominent gay and lesbian characters on TV shows, but the movie industry lags well behind the small screen, an advocacy group reports. More Rapper DMX again arrested in South Carolina The rapper known as DMX has been arrested again in South Carolina and charged with possession of marijuana, police said Wednesday. More Sid Bernstein, who brought Beatles to Shea, dies Misty-eyed music promoter Sid Bernstein, who booked such top acts as Jimi Hendrix, Judy Garland and the Rolling Stones and hit the highest heights when he masterminded the Beatles historic concerts at Shea Stadium and... More Dr. Oz, union plumber aid injured British tourist Quick-thinking good Samaritans, including TVs "Dr. Oz," helped save the life of a British tourist whose leg was severed by a runaway taxi in midtown Manhattan. More Dave Barry a finalist for humor prize Dave Barry and former "Saturday Night Live" writer Alan Zweibel are in the running for a top humor prize. More Celeb Dr. Oz aids collapsed runner in Salt Lake Turns out Dr. Mehmet Ozs appearance at a New York City accident scene wasnt the first time this week hes swooped in to help an ailing stranger. More 'Partridge Family' star Cassidy charged with DWI Authorities say former teen heartthrob David Cassidy was pulled over in upstate New York for failing to dim his headlights and charged with DWI after tests showed his blood-alcohol content at .10, higher than the states... More Josh Duhamel loves Fergie's lady lumps Josh Duhamel may diss his pregnant wife in his latest film, but in real life, he loves his ladys lumps. More Hasselhoff saddened by wounding of Conn. clerk David Hasselhoff is expressing dismay after learning that a Connecticut convenience store clerk was critically injured while trying to stop thieves from stealing signs featuring life-size images of him hawking iced coffee. More James Franco gets artsy with Ovation channel James Franco is coming back to TV, but this time its not for a soap opera or the Academy Awards. More One Direction's Malik engaged to Perrie Edwards One Direction has one less eligible bachelor. More Jazz legend Marian McPartland dies at age 95 Marian McPartland, a renowned jazz pianist and host of the National Public Radio show "Piano Jazz," has died, NPR said Wednesday. She was 95. More Basketball star Wells sues Xavier over expulsion A former Xavier University basketball player sued the school, alleging it damaged his reputation by expelling him for what he says was a false sexual assault accusation. More Drake to perform at VMAs; Swift, Gomez to attend Drake is the latest A-list musician set to perform at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday. More NJ judge allows taping of Snooki MTV series A judge wont stop production of the MTV reality show "Snooki  JWoww" in a New Jersey shore town thats rebuilding from Superstorm Sandy. More GLAAD finds movies lag behind TV in LGBT roles We may be seeing more prominent gay and lesbian characters on TV shows, but the movie industry lags well behind the small screen, an advocacy group reports. More Al-Jazeera America debuts as newest news network Al-Jazeera America signed on with a brisk hello from anchor Tony Harris before he got down to business with his networks first stories: continued turmoil in Egypt, shots fired at an Atlanta elementary school and more... More Katy Perry to close iTunes Festival in London This years iTunes Festival is ending with a roar, to be delivered by Katy Perry. More TV mogul Simon Cowell says he'll be a dad British TV mogul Simon Cowell says hes looking forward to being a father, his first public confirmation that he will be having a child with married New York socialite Lauren Silverman. More After 'Smash' crash, songwriters savor success Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman have strong opinions about the demise of "Smash," the highly anticipated but ultimately much-maligned musical TV series about the making of Broadway musicals. More Best-selling author Elmore Leonard dies at 87 He was the master of his genre, the Dickens of Detroit, the Chaucer of Crime. More 'The Sims 4' adds emotional, multitasking Sims "The Sims" BC-US--Games-The Sims 4are getting in touch with their feelings. More 'The Sims 4' adds emotional, multitasking Sims "The Sims" are getting in touch with their feelings. More Fans mass for One Direction movie premiere A crowd of screaming fans has greeted boy band One Direction as it gathered in Londons Leicester Square, where its first feature film is getting its world premiere. More Leonard's cool inspired generation of writers By CHRIS TALBOTT AP Music Writer  Peter Leonard first figured out his father was cooler than most anyone else at an early age, when he was crawling around under the church pew and noticed Elmore... More Netflix of video games: Twitch coming to PS4 Twitch is another step closer to becoming the Netflix of the video game world. More The 'Today' Show launches new book club NBCs "Today" show is investing in readers. More Aretha Franklin says she's 85 percent healed Aretha Franklin wont say what caused her latest health problems, but says shes had a "miraculous" recovery and is looking forward to performing soon. More Dr. Oz rushes to scene after taxi jumps curb in NY After a yellow cab jumped the curb and struck a New York City pedestrian, Dr. Oz was there. More CBS is still prime time's most-watched network CBS continued to rule among viewers last week, scoring 11 of the top 20 prime-time shows. More 10 things to know about Elmore Leonard Ten things to know about Elmore Leonard, the acclaimed crime novelist who died Tuesday at age 87. More Conn. clerk injured in David Hasselhoff sign theft Connecticut police say a convenience store clerk has been critically injured trying to stop the theft of two signs featuring images of actor David Hasselhoff. More After 'Smash' crash, songwriters savor success Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman have strong opinions about the demise of "Smash," the highly anticipated but ultimately much maligned TV series about the making of Broadway musicals. More Spotify's Top 10 most viral tracks By The Associated Press  The following list represents the most viral tracks on Spotify, based on the number of people who shared it divided by the number who listened to it, from Monday, August 12, to... More Spotify's Top 10 most streamed tracks By The Associated Press  The following list represents the top streamed tracks on Spotify from Monday, August 12, to Sunday, August 18: More UK prosecutors charge Daily Mirror, Sun reporters Four journalists from the Daily Mirror and Sun newspapers have been charged with bribing officials for information as part of an ongoing probe into British media wrongdoing, prosecutors said Tuesday. More 1st portraits of Prince George are a family affair Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge have bypassed professional photographers and chosen family snapshots for the first official images of their new son, Prince George. More 'The Sims 4' adds emotional, multitasking Sims "The Sims" are getting in touch with their feelings. More Source: Jennifer Lopez deal with 'Idol' imminent A person familiar with negotiations to bring Jennifer Lopez back as an "American Idol" judge says her return will be announced this week. More Kellan Lutz of 'Twilight' unveils new fashion line Whats a hulking vampire to do without moody mortals in distress and with no more computer-enhanced battles to wage in the forest? More New Zealand gay weddings begin, 1 at 39,000 feet When Lynley Bendall and Ally Wanikau walked down the aisle to exchange vows, the fasten-seatbelt signs were off. More Dick Van Dyke uninjured after car fire on freeway Dick Van Dyke is uninjured after his Jaguar caught fire while he was driving on a Los Angeles freeway. More 'Lee Daniels' The Butler' opens atop box office Director Lee Daniels biopic of a White House butler who served eight presidents topped the weekend box office while three other new releases failed to connect with fans. More Lawsuit details Braun's efforts to fight drug test A former college classmate sued Ryan Braun, saying the Brewers slugger sought his help in fighting a failed drug test, balked on paying him and then disparaged him when asked why their friendship soured. More Publisher, superstore chain resolve book dispute A months-long dispute that had led to widespread reports superstore chain Barnes  Noble was cutting back on orders and promotion for publisher Simon  Schusters books has been resolved. More Beatrice Kozera, girl in Kerouac book, dies at 92 Beatrice Kozera, the Los Angeles-born woman whose fleeting relationship with novelist Jack Kerouac was chronicled in "On the Road," has died. She was 92. More Author-critic Albert Murray dead at 97 Albert Murray, the influential novelist and critic who celebrated black culture, scorned black separatism and was once praised by Duke Ellington as the "unsquarest man I know," died Sunday. He was 97. More Actor Lee Thompson Young found dead at age 29 Lee Thompson Young, who began his acting career as the teenage star of the Disney Channels "The Famous Jett Jackson" and was featured in the film "Friday Night Lights" and the series "Rizzoli  Isles," was found... More CEO Gary Knell leaving NPR after less than 2 years The president and CEO of NPR is stepping down after less than two years to take a similar position at the National Geographic Society, the public radio organizations board of directors announced Monday. More The Calling's singer says was attacked in Michigan The lead singer of rock group The Calling was abducted, beaten and robbed after performing at a Michigan festival, the band said Monday. More Chris Brown concerts cancelled in Canada The promoter of four Chris Brown concerts in Canada scheduled this summer says the events have been canceled. More 'Star Trek' actor to lead Cincinnati chicken dance "Star Trek" actor George Takei (ta-KAY) will get a chance to show off some special dance moves as he leads a mass chicken dance at an annual Cincinnati festival. More Prosecution: Woman screamed, then Pistorius fired A woman screamed and then there was silence, according to South African prosecutors pressing a premeditated murder case against Oscar Pistorius. Next, the indictment says, witnesses heard gunshots and more screaming at the... More Authorities: Men smuggled guns to NYC on buses A pair of gunrunners smuggled firearms into New York City by hiding them in luggage they carried on discount buses that offered cheap fares and lesser odds of getting caught, authorities said Monday. More Folk concert to be held for Coens' 'Llewyn Davis' The Coen brothers and T Bone Burnett will celebrate the folk music of their 1960s Greenwich Village comic drama "Inside Llewyn Davis" with a concert in New York. More Michelle Obama to attend US Open's Kids' Day Michelle Obama is taking her "Lets Move!" campaign to Arthur Ashe Kids Day. More Prince William describes his joy at parenthood His newborn son is "a little bit of a rascal" and car seats can daunt any dad, Britains Prince William says. More 1D goes 3-D in boy band's debut feature film In the tradition of great music movies, One Directions feature-film debut has sex, drugs and rock n roll - just without the sex or the drugs. More 2nd Mellencamp son surrenders on battery charges The second of rocker John Mellencamps sons has surrendered for arrest on charges of punching and kicking a 19-year-old man in southern Indiana. More Al-Jazeera America prepares for Tuesday launch In a warren of offices at a former bank building near Madison Square Garden, dozens of journalists are at work on gleaming new electronic equipment, ready to turn their test runs of Al-Jazeera America into the real thing. More Ashes of Richie Havens scattered at Woodstock site The ashes of Richie Havens have been scattered across the site of the 1969 Woodstock concert. More Dustin Johnson engaged to Gretzky's daughter PGA Tour player Dustin Johnson and Paulina Gretzky have taken to Twitter to say theyre getting married. More Lindsay Lohan vows her troubled past is behind her Lindsay Lohan says this time its going to be different. More 'The Butler' serves box-office success at No. 1 "Lee Daniels The Butler" is serving up success at the box office. More NecronomiCon to celebrate horror writer Lovecraft If youve enjoyed the works of Stephen King, seen the films "Alien" or "Prometheus," or heard about the fictional Arkham Asylum in Batman, thank H.P. Lovecraft, the early 20th century horror writer whose work has been an... More Obama golfs with Larry David on last vacation day President Barack Obama hit the links on his Marthas Vineyard vacation with comedian Larry David. More 'Duck Dynasty' star greets camo couple in W. Pa. A camouflage-clad bride and groom got a little advice from a bewhiskered witness on their wedding day: "Duck Dynasty" star Willie Robertson. More CNN, NBC won't be hosting GOP presidential debates The Republican National Committee, responding to plans by two television networks for programs about Hillary Rodham Clinton, approved a resolution Friday to block CNN and NBC from hosting GOP presidential primary debates. More Judge OKs LA County condom requirements for porn A Los Angeles County law requiring adult film performers to wear condoms is constitutional, a federal judge has ruled. More No charge for Kanye West in LAX paparazzi scuffle Kanye West wont face felony charges after being accused of attacking a photographer at Los Angeles International Airport. But hes not completely off the hook. More Singer Chris Brown sentenced to 1,000 hours labor A judge reinstated Chris Browns revoked probation Friday and gave the singer a new sentence to perform 1,000 hours of community labor such as cleaning beaches or highways, removing graffiti or performing other chores... More Paul Frank teams up with Native American artists It was Fashions Night Out in Los Angeles. Celebrities and models packed parties and shopping extravaganzas thrown by designers and retailers. More Crews begin work to restore vandalized RI mural Efforts are underway to restore a Rhode Island highway mural created by a renowned childrens book author and illustrator as part of a program to reduce vandalism after it was covered with graffiti. More 'Free Willy' actor August Schellenberg dies at 77 Canadian-born actor August Schellenberg, who starred in the "Free Willy" films and appeared in numerous television roles, has died at his Dallas home after a fight with lung cancer, his agent said Friday. He was 77. More Jazz vocalist Jane Harvey dies at 88 Jane Harvey, the jazz vocalist who performed with the likes of Desi Arnaz, Duke Ellington and Benny Goodman, has died. She was 88. More Singer Fergie officially changes her name Shes the F to the E, R, G, the I, the E. More Longoria to receive Hispanic Heritage Awards Actress Eva Longoria, chef Jose Andres and actor and director Diego Luna are among those who will receive the 26th Hispanic Heritage Awards. More FBI probes nude photo extortion of Miss Teen USA The FBI is investigating allegations that the newly crowned Miss Teen USA was the victim of someone who hacked into a webcam in her Southern California bedroom several months ago in an attempt to extort nude photographs from... More Robin Thicke heads to court over 'Blurred Lines' Robin Thicke is asking a federal judge to determine his song "Blurred Lines" doesnt copy from elements of two other songs. More Spider-Man show to go on despite new actor injury The Broadway musical "Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark" will be performed as scheduled Friday night, a day after an actor playing the comic book hero was badly injured during the special effects-laden show. Producers blamed... More Argentine rocker Charly Garcia goes orchestral One of Latin Americas most influential rock stars is preparing to make good on his dream of playing guitar with a full orchestra in the majestic Teatro Colon opera house in Buenos Aires. More Private funeral for Dutch Prince Friso Flags around the Netherlands hung at half-staff on Friday as the Dutch royal family gathered to bury Prince Johan Friso, who died this week at the age of 44 of complications from a skiing accident last year. More Sarajevo Film Festival expects 100,000 visitors The 19th Sarajevo Film Festival is kicking off Friday with a screening of Danis Tanovics "An Episode in the Life of an Iron Picker," which won the Silver Bear at this years Berlin Film Festival. More Thousands honor Elvis Presley at Graceland vigil Elvis Presley fans from around the world made their annual pilgrimage to Graceland on Thursday to pay their respects to the rock n roll icon with a solemn candlelight vigil on the 36th anniversary of his death. More Russell Simmons sorry for Harriet Tubman sex video Russell Simmons apologized for a parody video of Harriet Tubman in a sex tape that appeared on his All Def Digital YouTube channel. More Hit-and-run charge against Chris Brown dismissed A Los Angeles judge has dismissed a hit-and-run driving charge against singer Chris Brown. More 'That '70s Show' actress Lisa Robin Kelly dies "That 70s Show" actress Lisa Robin Kelly has died at age 43. More R singer Miguel arrested, suspected of DUI in LA RB singer Miguel has been arrested in Los Angeles on suspicion of drunken driving. More Jackson's ex-wife says med visits concerned her Michael Jacksons ex-wife acknowledged Thursday that she was concerned that some of his frequent medical visits were motivated more by a desire for drugs than by the treatments he received. More Jasper Johns' former assistant charged with fraud A former assistant to Jasper Johns has been charged with selling 22 works he allegedly stole from the pop artists Connecticut studio. More Viewers flock to 'Duck Dynasty' in record numbers AE says nearly 12 million birds of a feather caught Wednesdays season premiere of its hit unscripted series "Duck Dynasty." More Class act? 'Downton Abbey' enters merchandise fray Forget "Mad Men" modernism. This seasons style is all about "Downton Abbeys Edwardian opulence. More Timberlake to perform at MTV Video Music Awards Justin Timberlake is set to perform at the MTV Video Music Awards later this month. More UK prosecutors charge DJ with indecent assault A prominent British disc jockey has been charged with 11 counts of indecent assault and one count of sexual assault, authorities said Thursday, for offenses that allegedly occurred over a period of 30 years. More Pole vault great condemns homosexuality at worlds Pole vault great Yelena Isinbayeva condemned homosexuality Thursday after criticizing competitors who painted their fingernails in rainbow colors to support gays and lesbians in the face of a new anti-gay law in Russia. More Isinbayeva condemns homosexuality at worlds Pole vault great Yelena Isinbayeva condemned homosexuality Thursday after criticizing fellow competitors who painted their fingernails in rainbow colors to support gays and lesbians in the face of a new anti-gay law in... More Q on the extreme sport of wingsuit flying The extreme sport of wingsuit flying that killed British stuntman Mark Sutton this week involves a special aerodynamic jumpsuit developed about a decade ago. It creates fabric batwing sleeves around a persons arms and a... More END wnDS-20  Column 4 Layout Configuration: 7 Video Clip: Thousands of Long Island residents still without power - Disaster tourists seek firsthand look at NY's storm-ravaged neighborhoods, annoying some  News Weather Weather Blog Video Sports Entertainment Station News Team Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Children's Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content  2013, WHNS; Greenville, SC. (A Meredith Corporation Station) and WorldNow. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . Page Include: BODY END Page Include: BODY 