   Free Automotive Advice can come in handy when repairing your car, truck or SUV. Get the Answers to your Car Questions Here. Free Online Car Repair and Maintenance Source Ask a Mechanic Online Now     Search Thousands of Already Answered Car Questions  Wednesday, August 07, 2013 OBDII code p1614 2001 KIA A customer came with a code p1614 which my reader says there is no description. Google says its Low return voltage. Any ideas?????? Posted by John Helton at 6:10 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook No comments:  Links to this post  Friday, July 26, 2013 Oil Pressure A customer of mine is experiencing an oil light coming on after his 97 Doge Ram 1500 with a 5.2 engine warms up. He has replaced the oil pump and the oil sending unit and it still does the same thing. The gauge shows the pressure drops slightly after warming and no lifter noises. Any idea???????? Posted by John Helton at 5:42 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 1 comment:  Links to this post  Saturday, July 20, 2013 high crankcase pressure because of rings Hi,I have a 1995 Pontiac Gran Prix with a 3.1 engine with 127.000 miles on it.I just got it out of the shop having some work done on it and I noticed on the bill, high crankcase pressure because of rings, the car doesn't smoke or use oil, is this something to worry about? Posted by John Helton at 10:36 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 4 comments:  Links to this post Monday, July 15, 2013 4.6 v8 spark plug blow out Got 01 grand marque bout 115 k spark plug blew out #6 bout 1000 miles ago just wondering what the steel insert is doing to My engine My car runs like crap now. Cant afford the kits from lock n stitch Or timsert could I but the aluminum insert and just replace it that way. from what i understand this a common issue with the 4.6, 5.4 and the v10? Posted by John Helton at 6:36 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 3 comments:  Links to this post Thursday, July 11, 2013 what to check this time? ok, this is the 2001 Ford Escape that we put a t-stat in a few weeks ago. he told me that he also added something called "liquid glass."He say it has been running fine since then, but today when he was almost at work it started running rough. He has to go up a small hill, and he said it strained so hard he wondered if it was going to make it.When he got to work, it stalled out like it was hot, but the gauge and light still say it wasn't. Additionally, he said it didn't feel overheated like it did last week. It was hot because he was driving it but not hot enough to have overheated.Now when he starts it, when it's at a low idle it makes a weird tapping, almost like a chirping noise. It run badly, and when it goes down to idle the oil light flickers. At higher revs, the oil light stays off. Posted by John Helton at 5:34 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 4 comments:  Links to this post Monday, July 08, 2013 Engine Misfire 4.3 v6 tbi vortex 350 engine misfires when warm . Changed timing chain and gears, plugs and wires, cap and rotor, ignition coil pack, plugs and wires again and now here I am. Still misfires engine gets bouncy and shaky then misses it isn't constant but doesn't dissipate. Iv noticed a very sweet pungent smell recently ( coolant ) I'm out of ideas here Whats left to Fix Posted by John Helton at 4:55 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 4 comments:  Links to this post Tuesday, July 02, 2013 2001 Ford Escape Overheating Dave was driving it home from work about a week ago. He exited the interstate, and when he reached the stop sign at the end of the ramp the car died. I went out to give him a jump, and we ended up adding a bunch of water to the car.He says the "hot" light never came on, but I never know whether to believe him.When I was following him home, at one point I aw a lot of either smoke or steam coming from the exhaust. But not all the time. When we got home we found a plastic Y connector that connected two hoses in front had broken. We got that replaced, but the car still isn't right. It was idling rough, wanting to die, and running hot.I know you're thinking "head gasket" because I am too. But there's no smoke coming from the exhaust, and he claims the oil doesn't look milky or anything.He replaced the thermostat today, and it seemed to be ok. He took it on a test drive - about 30 miles away, and what would have been 30 miles back. But at about the 27 mile marker on the return trip, he got to a stop sign, and it stalled again. I had to go out and give him a jump. But it was not low on water. He claims the "Hot" light did not come on.He drove it home, and it died on us again about 1/4 mile marker, and would not start. It acted like it was hot, but no light. I pushed him home and here we are.What should we check? Posted by John Helton at 11:01 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 1 comment:  Links to this post Tuesday, June 25, 2013 Dry Push Rods Valve cover of doing timing just trying to eliminate potential reasons Why this 94 Chevy Astro 4.3 tbi runs like a clunker when warm. Any way I have realized that the lifters get oil coming up through But the push rod are dry well the part I can see any way. My main concern is should oil be coming up while the lifters are working Or does the oil stay low in the head? Posted by John Helton at 10:44 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 2 comments:  Links to this post Wednesday, June 19, 2013 A/C question on whether to add some PAG oil or not? I don't think the make/model is important, but we have a 1998 Mazda Protege that we just love. I went to recharge the R134A refrigerant in my air conditioning system (I don't think it ever had a top-up since it was manufactured) but I forgot to purge the line from the kit I bought. I got air into the system and it's running strange. If I had done it right I would not have had any issues, I'm certain. I tried bleeding some of it off then adding some a few times, and it didn't get any better. A licensed A/C professional (he installed my home A/C and heating system) said that air can make the compressor cycle on and off and when it's on it can pull very hard on the engine when the air gets to certain parts of the system. So I decided to remove the R134A and the air and start over. I am not going to remove the compressor to drain and measure the oil removed from it. If you knew how cramped the area is where the compressor is located you would understand why. I now have an evacuation pump that will pull a vacuum down to 75 microns (at sea level, I guess), and a set of gauges. I am familiar with the refrigeration cycle and process, and have viewed some decent, well-explained YouTube videos on how to evacuate the system and recharge it. As far as I know, we have no leaks. I should know for sure after I see that the vacuum holds for 1/2 to 1 hour after I shut the valves and remove the pump. Assuming that I don't have any leaks, I want to know if I should add any PAG oil to the system or not. I've read that the oil will evaporate under vacuum. I've also read that the oil will stay in the compressor and lines. I bought a 3 oz can of PAG oil that gets added through the gauge set in case I need it. The under hood sticker does not tell how much oil to use, just the amount of refrigerant. Can I safely assume that the oil is still in the system or should I add some? Too much oil can be detrimental to the system. I guess what I really need to know from someone more experienced is if the oil evaporates with the refrigerant and any moisture in the system (there shouldn't be any moisture in my system) when a vacuum is pulled for 1/2 hour or so. If someone here knows whether I should add the 3 oz can and assume it's not too much or if I should avoid adding any since I haven't opened the system nor am I aware of any leak, please let me know. I don't need to know about the general procedure, how to use the reclaimer, etc., just some information about the oil. However, I'm open to any tips you might have. Posted by John Helton at 5:15 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 1 comment:  Links to this post Saturday, June 15, 2013 battery cables reversed on 1994 Lexus A friend reversed his battery cables and blew some fuses. He also tried to start the car. I've replaced all the fuses I can find blown. The car turns over but will not start. Any suggestions before I tell him to tow it to a garage? Posted by John Helton at 6:14 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook 3 comments:  Links to this post Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom)   Resources Auto Air Conditioning Free Auto Repair Questions Free Auto Repair Estimates Online Repair Estimates Free Wiring Diagrams Auto Repair Manuals My Disclosure Policy Privacy Policy  Followers  Springboro Ohio Local Directory   Auto-Repair-Questions.com. Powered by Blogger .  