 TRIVIA FOOL - TRIVIA QUESTIONS WITH THE ANSWERS Trivia Questions - Comics - Life Magazine - Artists - Writers - Authors - Modern Art Trivia questions with answers including things like cartoons, cartoonists, novels, modern art, Aristotle Onassis, ghost story, alnd more! Trivia Fool > Arts & Literature Trivia > Misc. Arts & Literature 11  PRINT THE QUESTIONS (NO ADS) -->  Arts and Literature - Free printable trivia questions and answers. Who drew the first cartoon published in an American newspaper? A: Benjamin Franklin. His drawing of a severed snake--each piece representing one of the colonies--appeared with the motto Unite or Die in the Pennsylvania Gazette on May 9, 1754 What famous American's 1952 autobiography is entitled From Under My Hat? A: Hedda Hopper's -- she was known for her exotic hats and juicy Hollywood gossip. Somerset Maugham's 1919 novel The Moon and Sixpence is a roman a clef about what great French artist? A: Paul Gauguin. What is the origin of the phrase, United we stand, divided we fall? A: Aesop's fables. It's from the Four Oxen and the Lion, written in the sixth century B.C. The first Encyclopedia Britannica, published in 1771, devoted its first volume to A and B. How many additional volumes did it take to cover C through Z? A: Only two. Whose marriage in March 1952 was featured in a Life magazine cover story? A: Comic strip characters Daisy Mae Scragg and Li'l Abner of Dogpatch. Marryin' Sam performed the ceremony for $1.35, ending their 17-year courtship. The work of what famous French artist hung upside down in the Museum of Modern Art in New York for 47 days before someone realized it? A: Henri Matisse, in 1961. The painting was Le Bateau. What comic-strip character started out in 1932 as a middle-aged woman who sold apples on street corners? A: Mary Worth, who was originally known as Apple Mary. Who used the pen names Acton, Ellis and Currer Bell? A: Anne, Emily and Charlotte Bronte. What book did Aristotle Onassis keep on his desk in his multimillion-dollar yacht Christina? A: A copy of J. Paul Getty's How to be Rich. Who wrote the first modern ghost story in the English language? A: Daniel Defoe. It was True Relation of the Apparition of One Mrs. Veal.  