 516.379.1304 SPF Coupe The Coupe is built under license from Carroll Shelby Licensing Inc. It combines innovations of the past, technology from the future and captivating style to deliver a new generation of classic muscle. It is precision crafted, completely factory assembled and when coupled with your choice of engine and transmission will deliver impressive performances over 200 MPH. Driven On and Off the Track The Superformance Coupe chassis have their own fully independent front and rear suspension with unequal length upper and lower control arms. Bilstein coil over shocks with H springs as well as front and rear sway bars specifically designed for Superformance are standard equipment. The geometrics of the suspension are designed for the specific Superformance model resulting in precise and stable handling. Superformance borrows no components from other vehicles to achieve this perfection. In conjunction with Peter Brock Superformance designed a Coupe that would perform as well on the street as on the track. This combination of grace, classic styling and modern production technology have resulted in a tourer worthy of the name Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe and is under full license from Carroll Shelby Licensing Inc. The Line-Up  GT40 MKII  Mark III  1957 Speedster Coupe Articles Road  Track reviews the Superformance Coupe . Read on as the Coupe sets new records for both skid pad and slalom performance. Coupe Standard Equipment A complete factory assembled rolling chassis. Show quality PPG paint finishes with many standard colors. Fully independent front and rear suspension. Bilstein coil over progressive shocks with HR Springs. Tubular space frame constructed of mild steel. Power assisted rack  pinion steering. Four-wheel vented disc brakes, power assisted. PBR calipers. Aluminum radiator / oil cooler with dual electric fans. Oil cooler and braided lines. Stainless steel fuel tank. 20 gallon. Vinylestere and glass composite body. Custom TFE air conditioning system. BTR / Dana Hydratrac limited slip differential. 18" cast Alloy wheels. Tinted front, side and rear windows. Remote door locks and immobilizer system. Rear exiting silver ceramic coated side pipes. Dunlop tires: front 225/45ZR18, rear 285/50ZR18. Black leather and Alcantra interior. Retractable 3 point seat belts. Stewart Warner electronic gauges. Snakepit Home | News | Shop | Line-Up | Directions | Contact Cobra and the Cobra Snake design are the registered trademarks of Ford Motor Company, and Carroll Shelby is its exclusive licensee. Snakepit Automotive does not and cannot authorize the use of these trademarks on its products. 