  Tuesday 27 August 2013 ebooks i Jobs Dating Shop  Click here...  News Voices Sport Tech Life Property Arts  Ents Art News Features Reviews Great Works Architecture Music News Features Reviews Classical News Features Reviews Films News Features Reviews TV  Radio News Features Reviews Theatre  Dance News Features Reviews Comedy News Features Reviews Books News Features Reviews Puzzles and Games Edinburgh Festival No.6 Travel Money IndyBest Blogs Student Offers  Syria Fukushima Apprenticeships George Osborne Greece Michael Gove Click here... Arts  Ents > Books > News 'Father of modern African literature' Achebe, 82, dies after short illness   Nick Clark Nick Clark Nick Clark is the arts correspondent of The Independent. He joined the newspaper in June 2007, initially reporting on the stock markets. He has covered beats including the City, and technology, media and telecoms and made the switch to arts in December 2011. He has also contributed articles to the sports section. More articles from this journalist Follow Nick Clark  Friday 22 March 2013 Print  Your friend's email address Your email address Note: We do not store your email address(es) but your IP address will be logged to prevent abuse of this feature. Please read our Legal Terms & Policies A A A Email  Related articles ‘Father of African literature’: Chinua Achebes legacy Worlds most concise short story writer Lydia Davis wins Booker International Prize 2013 National Novel Writing Month: Write your novel online Hundreds attend Nigerian writer Chinua Achebes funeral The Empty Nesters, By Nina Bell Suggested Topics West Africa Authors Marriage Young Peoples Literature Schools Nigeria Higher Education Literature Africa Chinua Achebe, described as the “father of modern African literature” who inspired generations of writers across the continent, has died at the age of 82.  The Nigerian author of Things Fall Apart, considered the essential novel on African identity and nationalism, passed away at a hospital in the US city of Boston after a brief illness. In a statement, his family said: “One of the great literary voices of his time, he was also a beloved husband, father, uncle and grandfather, whose wisdom and courage are an inspiration to all who knew him.” Achebe moved to the US for treatment after a car accident left him paralysed in 1990 and since 2009 had been a professor of Africana Studies at Brown University. In 2007, he won the Man Booker International Prize, where judge Nadine Gordimer dubbed him the “father of modern African literature”. He received a string of literary honours and prizes throughout his career including the Commonwealth Poetry Prize, honorary fellowship of the American Academy of Arts and Letters, and the Unesco fellowship for creative artists. He became the first living author to be represented in the Everyman’s Library collection. Achebe was born in 1930, in Igboland, a region in south east Nigeria. He discovered the power of fiction at University College, Ibadan, where he read the novel Mister Johnson by Joyce Cary, which depicted Africans as “jealous savages”. He set about challenging the literary trope that painted the Africans as “unhuman”. Things Fall Apart, published in 1958, has sold more than 12 million copies worldwide and was one of the first novels to chronicle Africa from an African viewpoint. The novel, set in the 1890s, follows Okonkwo, a yam farmer in a fictional Nigerian village and tracks the effects of British colonialism and Christian missionaries. Fans ranged from novelist Margaret Atwood and poet Maya Angelou, to Nelson Mandela, who called Achebe a writer “in whose company the prison walls fell down”. More in News   Independent Comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus News in pictures Arts  Ents blogs Interview: David Stewart: “As much as writing my own material is important, writing and producing for other people are important as well” Children’s Book Blog: The Edinburgh International Book Festival 2013 10 tips to cope while Doctor Who is off the air         Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics  Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Celebrity Big Brother 2013: Meet Dustin Diamond, Charlotte Crosby, Carol McGiffin and the rest of the new housemates Four Weddings and 72 auditions: Hugh Grant won romcom role after marathon casting process MTV VMA Awards 2013 photo gallery: Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus and Bruno Mars among the stars on show The tongue, the twerking, the teddy outfit: Should someone have stopped Miley Cyrus VMA performance? The X-smiles: Gillian Anderson shows her lighter side 1 Syria: Russia’s warning falls on deaf ears as Britain and US prepare to bomb 2 Jamie Oliver: Let them eat stale bread 3 Feasting and fighting: the long-lost secrets of Beowulf 4 A-level student who gained six A* grades pens furious letter to Michael Gove over offensive exam reforms 5 Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: the crowd, the internet and the ‘Smith Family’ react  Click here...  Click here...  SPONSORED FEATURES  Win all you need for a delicious champagne picnic Tell us how you will make today delicious. You could win a £50 MS Giftcard plus this month's grand prize. Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Summer food reader survey Take our grocery shopping survey for your chance to win a £100 MS store gift card. MS prizes Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos See Norway’s spectacular coastline There is no finer way to discover and explore the dramatic Norwegian coastline than aboard an authentic Hurtigruten cruise. MS prizes Reader survey MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Summer Moments inspired by your M We have partnered with MS to offer you inspiring ideas that will surprise and delight your family and friends MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Where's Wallonia? War and peace: history revisited in the cities of Southern Belgium - a travel guide in association with the Belgian Tourist Office. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Celebrate the joy of reading with NOOK® You can buy a NOOK Simple Touch Glowlight at £69, or the NOOK HD8GB Tablet for just £99 - until 3 September. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Prizes  offers Business videos Enter the latest Independent competitions Win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Business videos Business videos from commercial thought leaders Watch the best in the business world give their insights into the world of business. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers   >" class="submitbtn bluebg" />  The X-smiles After Agent Scully, and The Fall, Gillian Anderson is ready to show off her lighter side Bank Holidays offer a complete break from it all – except the BlackBerry One bankers wife describes the stress of vacationing with a workaholic husband Saint GK Chesterton? Bishop begins preliminary tests for canonisation of writer From Purcell to Punk Gareth Malone hopes to take choirs from their comfort zones with new release The maternity gap 50,000 women a year don’t get jobs back Eduardo Paolozzi Living in a materialist world Pick a product that packs a punch The 10 Best face masks  The big fashion cover-up: Coats Make hay while the sun shines but remember cold weather is closer than you think Flushing Meadows ups the financial ante in battle of the Grand Slams The majors are raising prize money and improving facilities In the frame: Linda Farrow Brains behind sunglasses brand delving into our shady past Tailor-made for all pockets Patrick Grant meets Debenhams? Downing Street hogs the remote control The PMs use of tame media is annoying the big guns at Sky, ITN and the BBC A nation of workaholics The death of Merrill Lynch banking intern Moritz Erhardt shines a light on the cult of presenteeism – and the need for a new work culture Tim Harford: The man who gives geeks a good name Economics has never been more accessible, or instructive, thanks to one writers mission  The Independent 2 Derry Street London W8 5TT  independent.co.uk Terms  Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct Complaint form Email newsletters RSS Contact Us Subscriptions Apps Work for us Evening Standard Homes  Property iJobs Advertising Guide Syndication Novaya Gazeta (English) ES Business Connections ES Rentals  Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics  independent.co.uk  Click here...   