 About Us | Artists | Fine Crafts | Framing | News and Events | Mailing List | Contact Us  WELCOME ART GALLERY-PICTURE FRAMING-DESIGN SERVICES-CRAFTS-EVENTS A Z Fine Arts, 339 Washington Street, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts, 781-237-3600 is a full service art gallery representing over 60 local, national and international artists and artisans. One of the Best selections of quality art in the Boston area! * Contemporary, Traditional and Abstract Art * Oil, Watercolor, Pastel, Acrylic and More * Original and Limited Edition Pieces * Catering to Avid Art Collectors and First- time Art Purchasers. * In-Home and Office Art Consultation Services All Fine Art is available for Lay-Away with monthly payments. Call or come in for details... Join us on our Facebook Page where we talk about art, focus on artists and show some of the newest artwork to come into the gallery.Find us at http://www.facebook.com/pages/Wellesley-Hills-MA/A-Z-Fine-Art-Gallery/115954158431782?ref=sgm Check out the above links to see a full array of our artists work and services we offer. PICTURE FRAMING We offer museum quality custom framing at an affordable price! Compare prices and you will find that for the quality, you can't do better than A Z Fine Arts for your framing needs! * FREE Design Services * Fast Turn-A-Round * Hundreds of Mat and Frame Choices * Only Conservation Materials Used * Trade Discounts Available * SAVE Up to 50% OFF Your Frame Everyday! Whether it be a valuable original, a limited edition print, poster or your childs' first art project, we can give it the frame it deserves! We specialize in both commercial and residential framing projects. Isn't it time to get quality framing at an affordable price? DESIGN SERVICES Take advantage of our art consulting services where we can offer to come out to your home or office and help you choose the art perfect for your room. There is a small charge but it can be applied to any new art purchased from the gallery. With our help you can get the desired effect you have been looking for. We can also incorporate your existing art into the design.We specialize in both corporate and residential design. CRAFTS Handmade crafts including jewelry, candlesticks, vases, handbags, cards, pottery and more. It will be embraced and remembered for many years to come! Lots of items under $50.00.We also have great gifts for wedding season as well including vases and candlesticks. This website only shows a small sample of what is available. New things are coming in daily! Supporting American Made Craft GIFT CERTIFICATES ARE NOW AVAILABLE! EVENTS New Original oil paintings just in from William McCarthy, Celia Judge, Stephanie Marzella, Anthony Tomaselli, Line Tuttwiler, Bruce Backman Turner and many more artists. Lots of sizes to choose from including "Small Wonders" perfect for every room in your home. Get that special painting perfect for completing your room. Hundreds to choose from. LOCATION and HOURS Just minutes from Boston, A Z Fine Arts is located at 339 Washington Street, Rte 16(Next to Wellesley Hills Post Office in the Wellesley Hills Train Station) Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts. Gallery Hours: Tuesday-Friday 10-6PM Saturday: 10-5PM Sunday: Closed  Monday:Closed We are also available by special appointment or by chance.. Questions? Call 781-237-3600. Make sure to check out our NEWS & EVENTS section for upcoming artist openings and other events! If you have any comments or questions, feel free to contact us on our mailing list page. Sign up on our mailing list page and you may win a discount certificate to A Z Fine Arts!   2006 AZ Fine Arts, info@azfineartgallery.com Website design and hosting by 