 Top College News Subscribe to the Newsletter Home  Receive campus news in your inbox. Sign up for the email edition. Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Subscribe to our RSS feed Sign up for Our Newsletter Home News Sports Opinion Arts and Entertainment Lifestyles Restaurant Review Map About Us Classifieds Reader Submissions  The Quad News  Arts and Entertainment Blast from the Past: Nickelodeon to Re-air ‘90s TV Shows Published: Sunday, March 27, 2011 Updated: Sunday, March 27, 2011 20:03  Photo courtesy of www.sodahead.com To those of us who grew up in the 1990s, Nickelodeon was an important part of our childhood. It was the television station with the best cartoons, the funniest live-action comedy and who could forget the brilliance of Clarissa explaining it all to us? Although it has been years since these shows have aired, Nickelodeon has recently made the decision to bring them back. In 1985 Nickelodeon began airing Nick at Nite, a nighttime programming block that broadcasted classic sitcoms such as "Dennis the Menace," "ALF," "The Addams Family," "The Facts of Life" and "The Cosby Show." This fall Nickelodeon announced that its sister-station, TeenNick, will begin airing its own version of Nick At Nite to cater to the college-aged crowd. The block will be called "The '90s Are All That" and will air classic Nickelodeon shows from midnight to 2 a.m. While Nickelodeon hasn't announced the official line-up yet, bloggers and fans have been speculating which of their favorite shows will be coming back to TV. Among them are sitcoms like "The Adventures of Pete and Pete," "Clarissa Explains It All" and "Kenan & Kel;" sketch comedy shows like "All That" and animated shows like "Ren & Stimpy," "Doug" and the fan-favorite "Rugrats," among others. "I would love to see Hey Arnold!' which was probably my favorite next to Rugrats.' Aaahh!!! Real Monsters' was a good one too,'" said Brooke Wasserman, a 20-year-old Connecticut resident. While the new version of Nick At Nite will provide fun and nostalgic entertainment for those who grew up with 90s Nickelodeon, Quinnipiac sophomore Jenn Szilagy thinks that it will also provide some much-needed quality television for children of this generation. "I think today's TV shows are really hurting kids of this generation," Szilagy said. "Shows such as Hannah Montana' and 'Wizards of Waverly Place' are forcing kids to grow up way too fast. I think it's a really great idea to integrate older TV shows onto television so that young children can learn to enjoy their childhood." Whether you want to relive your childhood or introduce these shows to a new generation, the idea of re-airing classic 90s shows is proving to be a hit. A Facebook group called "I want my 90s Nickelodeon back!" has over 1 million fans who write and reminisce about old Nickelodeon shows and the "nicktoons" children of the 90s enjoyed. Recommended: Articles that may interest you Facebook Comments Site Comments Be the first to comment on this article! Add comment       I have read and accepted     I am not posting spam. I understand posting spam or other comments that are unrelated to this article will cause my comment to be flagged for deletion and possibly cause my IP address to be permanently banned from this server. log out  secParents;  Most Popular Tips From The Hood: Team Names Why Do People Hate Nickelback? Disney Channel Stars: Good Role Models? Country Stars Get Inked Illegal Downloading Benefits All Photo of the Day  The Quad News Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Subscribe to our RSS feed Sign up for Our Newsletter This site is powered by: is a member of the Official Music Sponsor: 