  Go Premium | | Sign Up |  Sign In | Take a Tour | Help Home Browse Browse Presentations Featured Presentations Most Viewed Categories Greeting  Cards Channels Upload Upload from Desktop Single File Upload    logging in or signing up Fine Art and Literature FunSchool Download       Post to :    URL : Related Presentations :     Share Add to Flag Embed  Email Send to Blogs and Networks Add to Channel Uploaded from authorPOINTLite Insert YouTube videos in PowerPont slides with aS Desktop Copy embed code: Embed: Flash iPad Dynamic h3 style=padding: 0px; margin: 3px;>a href=http://www.authorstream.com/Presentation/FunSchool-19450-Fine-Art-Literature-and-as-Entertainment-ppt-powerpoint/ target=_blank style=font:normal 18px,arial;>Fine Art and Literature /a>/h3>object width=425 height=354 id=player>param name=movie value=http://www.authorstream.com/player.swf?fb=0nb=1pl=asap=0c=#dfdfdfp=FunSchool-19450-Fine-Art-Literature-and-as-Entertainment-ppt-powerpoint />param name=allowfullscreen value=true />param name=allowScriptAccess value=always/>embed src=http://www.authorstream.com/player.swf?fb=0nb=1pl=asap=0c=#dfdfdfp=FunSchool-19450-Fine-Art-Literature-and-as-Entertainment-ppt-powerpoint type=application/x-shockwave-flash allowscriptaccess=always allowfullscreen=true width=425 height=354>/embed>/object>div style=font-family: arial; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal;font-size: 11px; line-height: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal;>More a href=http://www.authorstream.com/ target=_blank>PowerPoint presentations/a> from a href=http://www.authorstream.com/FunSchool/ target=_blank>Aiken I/a>/div>/div>" /> Copy Does not support media & animations Automatically changes to Flash or non-Flash embed WordPress Embed Customize Embed URL: Copy Thumbnail: img id='imgThumbnail' src='http://c.asstatic.com/images/FunSchool-19450-Fine-Art-Literature-and-as-Entertainment-ppt-powerpoint-118_88.jpg' alt='' width='118' height='88' border='0' />/a>" /> Copy The presentation is successfully added In Your Favorites .  Views: 927 Category:  Entertainment   License:     All Rights Reserved    Like it   ( 0 )   Dislike it   ( 0 )  Added: October 13, 2007 This Presentation is Public Favorites: 0 Presentation Description  No description available.   Comments  Posting comment... Premium member Presentation Transcript Slide2: Painters: more than 800 recognized in the country, most are self-taught, working full-time, and using a variety of stylesPrimitive art – encouraged by DeWitt Peters an artist  teacher from the U.S. Philome Obin founding father of this movement, Hector Hyppolite a poor voodoo priest was the greatest painter of the movement  found by DeWittMural Painting – started in 1949 by Selden Rodman an American poet  art critic: church murals – Wilson Bigaud’s Miracle at Cana in the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity Literature: comes from the anger directed against the white masters of the colonial past Jacques Roumain – poet, novelist, ethnologist: Jean Price-Mars innovator who supported the concept of Negritude or pride in being black and in the African heritage: Leon Laleau – poetry  prose: Louis Diaquoi – journalist  poet fostered the literary group Les Griots whose material comes from voodoo Women: Virgine Sampeur, Ida Faubert, Lucie Archin-Lay, Marie ChauvetSculpture: Odilon Duperier – carved masks and figures: Jasmin Joseph- terracotta sculptures: Georges Liataud  Murat Vriere – sheet iron sculpture: Roger Francois – dried roots Slide3: Primitive art Slide4: Painters:Do not have a uniform Dominican styleCostumbrismo – Realism / Dominican customs and themesGuillo Perez, Gilberto Hernandez Ortega, Ada Balcacer, Abelardo UrdanetaLiterature:Bartolome de Las Casas – colonial period Historia de Las Indias Romantic Period influenced by France through the 19th century – Realism – Modernism – Postumismo – Poesia de sopresaManuel de Jesus Galvan “nobel savage” idealized in Enriquillo  Salome Urena de Heriquez – patriotic poetry Gaston Fernando Deligne – modernist  Domingo Moreno Jimenes – Postumismo  Hector Inchaustegui Cabral – Poesia de sopresa  Juan Bosch – former president   Julia Alvarez – modern life of “Dom-Yorks” Slide5: Ballet:Highly regarded. The National Ballet Company ranks as one of the world’s most talented. Also: Camaguey Ballet and Cuban National Dance   Alicia Alonso – most prominent ballet personalityPoster Art 1965 – 1975 Golden Age of the Poster:Challenging political ideas demonstrated in posters; combined pop art, minimalism, and surrealism; mix of Afro-American, Indo-American, Euro-American Che Guevara publicly rejected the Soviet Union’s stifling of art, many posters are painted of him Painting:    Wilfredo Lam – post-World War II surrealist, Afro-Cuban themes La Jungle Manuel Mendive – Afro-Cuban themes Untitled  Raul Martinez – introduced pop art The Island Literature:   Government encouraged Cubans to read books with revolutionary or equality themes    Cirilo Villaverde – Cecilia Valdes   Others: Alejo Carpentier, Jose Lezama Lima, Luis Rogelio – political thrillers Slide6: Painters:Independence Movement 1950’s-60’sPhilip Lewis – formed the group Soul to ArtThere have not been many formal means to develop and support artists Literature:Was written in Standard English now a movement to write in the standard language of creole EnglishZee Edgell – Beka Lamb, In Times Like These, The Festival of SanJoaquin Slide7: Painters: Eduardo Kingman  Camilio Egas, have indigenous backgrounds and have used indigenous subjects to portray suffering and oppression.Oswaldo Guayasamin – most controversial and best known, his works portray social or political protest but often with rather ugly depictions of indigenous people. One portion of his mural in the Congress building in Quito shows a skeleton wearing a helmet that says the letters CIA, meaning the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. This created a huge argument. The U. AS. Ambassador called for the letters to be painted out, and there was a discussion about cutting aid to Ecuador, but in the end the painting remained. Slide8: Literature: Mario Vargas Llosa – novelist born in 1936 is one of the most famous Peruvians of recent times. He studied at San Marcos Univesity in Lima. His themes are based on his life in Peru. Conversation in the Cathedral is his most well known work. In 1990 he tried to become elected President of Peru. After being defeated he left to be in Spain. Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa is so many things he is best described as a modern-day Renaissance man. Politician, playwright, art, film and literature critic and essayist, he is perhaps best known as one of a handful of novelists that have brought contemporary Latin American literature to the forefront internationally. Slide9: Sculptor: Jose Belloni – enormous images of work animalsJose Luis Zorilla de San Martin – images of local things  peoplePainters 19th century: Pedro Figari – also vice-president in  1904; painted landscapes and everyday lifeJoaquin Torres Garcia – constructivism – abstract art that used  materials such as glass and metalPainters contemporary: Carlos Paez Vilaro – painted  a mural “The Roots of Peace” on the walls of the Pan American Union tunnel in Washington, D.C.in 1960 Jose Belloni Slide10: Painters:Leonor Fini: Born in Buenos Aires in 1907 of an Italian mother and Argentinian father whom she never knew, Drawing was an important part of her life and her extraordinary draughtsmanship is marked by rapid, vibrant, sharply incisive strokes of a fine pen. Leonor was a born story-teller, both in conversation and in the many tales, memoir-fragments, prose-poems and three novels that she wrote beginning in the early seventies. Jose Maria Villafuerte – paints in the style, vintage racecars, born in 1954 in Buenos Aires Influences in dance and song come from Native American, Spanish, Gaucho folk music, Portenos. Classical composers: Alberto Williams and Carlos Lopez Buchardo Pato – a national game orginally from the gauchos (dangerous then) Literature: Jorge Luis Borges – world famous short stories are strange and written in magical realism, influential http://www.villafuerte.com.ar/obras.htm Slide11: Poets: 2 Nobel Prize winners for literatureGabriela Mistral – a school teacher who wrote lyric poetry about lost love and everyday country people The Nobel Prize in Literature 1945 for her lyric poetry which, inspired by powerful emotions, has made her name a symbol of the idealistic aspirations of the entire Latin American world Gabriela Mistral (pen-name of Lucila Godoy y Alcayaga) Chile b. 1889 d. 1957 Slide12: Gabriela Mistral – Banquet Speech (Translation)Gabriela Mistral's speech at the Nobel Banquet at the City Hall in Stockholm, December 10, 1945 Today Sweden turns toward a distant Latin American country to honour it in the person of one of the many exponents of its culture. It would have pleased the cosmopolitan spirit of Alfred Nobel to extend the scope of his protectorate of civilization by including within its radius the southern hemisphere of the American continent. As a daughter of Chilean democracy, I am moved to have before me a representative of the Swedish democratic tradition, a tradition whose originality consists in perpetually renewing itself within the framework of the most valuable creations of society. The admirable work of freeing a tradition from deadwood while conserving intact the core of the old virtues, the acceptance of the present and the anticipation of the future, these are what we call Sweden, and these achievements are an honour to Europe and an inspiring example for the American continent. The daughter of a new people, I salute the spiritual pioneers of Sweden, by whom I have been helped more than once. I recall its men of science who have enriched its national body and mind. I remember the legion of professors and teachers who show the foreigner unquestionably exemplary schools, and I look with trusting love to those other members of the Swedish people: farmers, craftsmen, and workers. At this moment, by an undeserved stroke of fortune, I am the direct voice of the poets of my race and the indirect voice for the noble Spanish and Portuguese tongues. Both rejoice to have been invited to this festival of Nordic life with its tradition of centuries of folklore and poetry. May God preserve this exemplary nation, its heritage and its creations, its efforts to conserve the imponderables of the past and to cross the present with the confidence of maritime people who overcome every challenge. My homeland, represented here today by our learned Minister Gajardo, respects and loves Sweden, and it has sent me here to accept the special honour you have awarded to it. Chile will treasure your generosity among her purest memories. Slide13: The Nobel Prize in Literature 1971 for a poetry that with the action of an elemental force brings alive a continent's destiny and dreams Pablo Neruda (pen-name of Neftal Ricardo Reyes Basoalto)Chile b. 1904 d. 1973 a committed Communist, wrote about hunger, poverty, and the plight of factory workershttp://nobelprize.org/literature/laureates/1971/neruda-lecture.html Slide14: http://nobelprize.org/literature/laureates/1971/neruda-diploma.html Pablo Neruda Nobel Diploma Artist: Gunnar Brusewitz Calligrapher: Kerstin Anckers Slide15: Painters:Largely unknown outside of MexicoMexican Muralist – Diego RiveraOthers: Jose Fors, Manuel Gonzalez Serrano, Alicia Rahon, Ricardo Martinez, Jose OrozcoIndigenous Indian style continues to be the backbone on contemporary Mexican art Literature: Carlos Fuentes contemporary writer: The Death of Artemio Cruz and Where the Air is Clear Octavia Paz a writer and poet The Labyrinth of Solitude: Life and Thought in Mexico    In 1990 first local-born Mexican to receive the Nobel prize in literature Slide16: The Nobel Prize in Literature 1990 for impassioned writing with wide horizons, characterized by sensuous intelligence and humanistic integrity Octavio Paz Mexico b. 1914 d. 1998 Slide17: Octavio Paz - Nobel Diploma Artist:  Bo Larsson Calligrapher: Annika Rcker Slide18: Painters:     Jose Campeche 1752-1809 religious oil paintings / few survive  Francisco Oller y Cesterro 1833-1917 went to France / Impressionist movement El Velorio mourning for the death of a young child  Paved way for artists to use Puert Rico as themes for their paintings Miguel Pou and Ramon Frade   After World War II     Lorenzo Homar, J.A. Torres Martino, Rafael Tufino founded Center for Puerto Rican Art Silkscreen printing, woodcut and linocut techniques  Antonio Martorell – pop artist / playing cards with political cartoons, designing an undergrond shopping center (Ondergraun) Last 30 years: Mrna Baez, Ivette Cabrera, Consuelo Gotay Literature:   1890’s first novels Manuel Zeno Gandia / La Charca – political novel  20th Century Enrique Lagurre wrote about Puerto Rican society Rene Marques most famous / The Ox Cart – faming family moving to New York and struggling with their new lives Slide19: Notable developments in last 200 years After independence the first national arts institutions established creating the first music conservatory, a symphony orchestra, and an academy of art. Most often the theme is political.Notable painters of 20th century:     Jose Mejia Vides portrays small town life in his paintings. Vivid and simple style. Julia Diaz female painter whose work has exhibited all over the world Fernando Llort founded an art school in La PalmaPoetry since 19th century: Juan Jose Canas Gavidia wrote nostalgically about El Salvador’s lakes and volcanoes while living abroad.    Salazar Arrue, pen name Salarrue was a novelist, short story writer, and painter. His story Cuentos de Barro marks the beginning of the modern Central American short story genre.Exiles due to politics:Roque Dalton (executed) Clandestine Poems  Manlio Argueta One Day of Life and Cuzcatlan (Costa Rica) Claribel Alegria 15 books in 11 languages (Spain) Slide20: Group of New Sensibility – Late 1920’s (Later called casitas)Francisco Zunigo – sculptor Maternidad   Teodorico Quiros – painter El Porton Rojo   Others: Manuel de la Cruz, Enrique Echandi, Faust Pacheco, Margarita Bertheau, Luisa Gonzales de SaenzToday: Isidro Con Wong (began as a poor farmer painting with his fingers), Leonel Gonzalez, Roberto Lizano Aquileo J. Echeverria – National Poet ConcheriasToday:Alberto Canas – journalist, essayist, novelist, Alfonso Chase – prose writer, and Carmen Naranjo Literature – Costumbrismo=Local color that depicts life of the campesinos in campesino dialectJoaquin Garcia Monge – journalist  teacher  Reperatorio Americano and El Moto Slide21: Painters:Jose Miguel Gomez – 18th century, believed to have been the founder of fine arts in Honduras with his religious paintings1920’s – Arturo Lopez Rodezno – founded National School of Arts and CraftsDilber Padilla = vibrant colors, especially redCruz Bermudez – Garifuna painter, paints endangered species to publicize their dilemma Literature:Authors started work as newspaper journalists, not many local magazines. Few young adult and children’s books are written. Jose Cicilio del Valle, Rafael Heliodoro Valle, Jose Trinidad Reyes, Ramon Rosa, Juan Molina, Marcos Reyes, Rafael H. ValleLucila Gamero de Medina – a woman who wrote the first Honduran novel to be published when she was 20 years old in 1893 Slide22: Painters:Spanish influenced for many years, until 19th century used baroqueJuan M. Cedeno, Roberto Lewis, Rogelio Sinan, Jose G. MoraShelia Lichacz – honors ancient cultures of Panama, Infinity Literature:Basilio de Oviedo, Antonio de Herrara, Pedro de Angleria – colonial periodVictor de la Guardia – wrote the first play at the start of the 18th century After independence from Spain in the 19th century = Political era Ramon Valdes, Ricardo Miro – wrote with political themes Political Figures as well as literary figuresRicardo Alfaro – former presidentJose de Jesus Martinez – General Torrijos’s closeset aid Slide23: Mayans:Most of the art that is discussed about Guatemala is the history of Mayan art. It is found works of stone,textiles and literature. Literature: 2 Nobel Prize WinnersMiguel Angel Asturias 1967 – inventor of magical realism, South American literature characterized by this fusion of the real and the surreal: Legends of Guatemal, The President, Men of Maize http://nobelprize.org/nobel/stamps/1985.html The Nobel Prize in Literature 1967 for his vivid literary achievement, deep-rooted in the national traits and traditions of Indian peoples of Latin America Miguel Angel Asturias Guatemala b. 1899 d. 1974 Slide24: Over the years, Rigoberta Mench has become widely known as a leading advocate of Indian rights and ethno-cultural reconciliation, not only in Guatemala but in the Western Hemisphere generally, and her work has earned her several international awards. http://nobelprize.org/peace/laureates/1992/tum-symp.html The Nobel Prize in Literature 1992 in recognition of her work for social justice and ethno-cultural reconciliation based on respect for the rights of indigenous peoples Rigoberta Mench Tum Guatemala b. 1959 Slide25: Literature:Ruben Dario – poet, Leader of the Modernist movement that freed traditional Latin American writing from European reulesDaniel Ortega – former president, poetJoaquin Pasos – poet and member of Literary Vanguard established 1927Pablo Antonio Cuadra – author and dramatistErnesto Cardenal – poet  priest, minister of culture Sergio Ramirez – short stories; novelist Hernan Robleto; poets Mario Sanchez and Santiago ArguelloArtists: Genaro Amador Lira – sculptorAsilia Guillen – painter, Las Isletas Slide26: Painters  Sculptors:Alejandro Otero  Jesus Soto are both of the 20th century and work with Kinetic art forms or moving sculptureCarlos Raul Villaneuba - architect Slide27: Fernando Botero – paints recognizable round figures; it is said the people in his paintings are always fat. Many of the scenes he paints are form everyday contemporary life in Colombia and Latin America. At times he includes a wry look at military and political figures. He is also a sculptor, these can be seen in parks and squares in Colombia, U.S., and Europe. Artists:Alejandro Obregon: regarded by many as the father of modern painting in Colombia. His images are mainly of animals, birds, plants, which reflect his environment; also he is known for his semiabstract landscapes inspired by the coast Slide28: Literature: Gabriel Garcia Marquez The Nobel Prize in Literature 1982 for his novels and short stories, in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination, reflecting a continent's life and conflicts Gabriel Garca Mrquez Colombia b. 1928 Gabriel Garca Mrquez was born in 1928 in the small town of Aracataca, situated in a tropical region of northern Colombia, between the mountains and the Caribbean Sea. He grew up with his maternal grandparent - his grandfather was a pensioned colonel from the civil war at the beginning of the century. He went to a Jesuit college and began to read law, but his studies were soon broken off for his work as a journalist. In 1954 he was sent to Rome* on an assignment for his newspaper, and since then he has mostly lived abroad - in Paris, New York, Barcelona and Mexico - in a more or less compulsory exile. Besides his large output of fiction he has written screenplays and has continued to work as a journalist. Slide29: Oscar Niemeyer – architect: National Congress, Planalto Palace, Supreme Court,  Metropolitan Cathedral in BrasiliaRoberto Burle Marx – garden designs: Copacabana BeachCandido Portinari – 20th century artist – murals and canvas depicting social themesJorge Amado – early themes focused on poor but good people of the lower classes and evil men of power. His later stories are sophisticated and humorous Soccer  PelePele’s real name is Edson Arantes do Nascimento, first played soccer for Brazin in 1957 when he was sixteen, and he represented his country in four World Cup Tournaments. Once in Nigeria, opposing sides in the Viafra Civil War agreed to stop fighting for forty-eight hours so they could watch him play.There are more than 20,000 teams in the country. View More Presentations optical art and illusions   By:   eflclassroom   Journalism- The Art   By:   Memonaghan   Fine Art and Literature   By:   Carlotto   fine_art_photos   By:   giannisver   Fine Arts   By:   misse_2005   Fine Art Photos   By:   Sisi   Fine Arts   By:   misse_2005   Fine Art Weddings by Irfan Ahson'   By:   hooriakhalid   fine art photography   By:   tecelao   Integrating the Fine Arts Unit   By:   achristian   Tags Fine Art Literature *You can't enter more than 5 tags. Enter one or more tags separated  by comma or enter. Numeric tags are not allowed.   Update | Close Presentation Statistics loading..... loading.....  Channel Statistics   Included in these Channels:   You do not have the permission to view this presentation. In order to view it, please contact the author of the presentation. Account Join Now Sign In Premium  My Presentations Education Specials RSS  Featured  Featured Audio Featured Animated Latest Uploads Most Liked Most Viewed Featured Lessons Browse Podcast  Featured  Featured Audio  Featured Animated  Latest Uploads  Most Liked  Most Viewed Categories Facebook App Developers Get your Widget Channels Latest Members Help  Info About Us Help API FAQ Contact Us  Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Blog Julia's Blog Forum What's new? Careers Webinars Why authorSTREAM Feature Tour How it Works PowerPoint to Video & iPod PowerPoint on Blogs PowerPoint to Flash Share Presentations Online Present Live Presentation Analytics Branded Channels Video in PPT Greeting Cards Referral authorSTREAM Desktop Buzz on authorSTREAM Follow us on: Have a question? Call us at US 210-787-1860  Open Monday to Friday, 8 AM to 6 PM EST View and Share Fun Presentations on Facebook Go to Application   2013 authorSTREAM. All rights reserved.   Send to Blogs and Networks Processing ....   Premium member  