 Home About Services Reviews Promotions Contact Us A+ Rated Auto Repair by BBB For the highest quality, most reliable auto services, you can count on Brian's Auto Repair. Call us today to schedule an appointment. We promise 100 percent satisfaction or we’ll reevaluate your vehicle. Click Here to Get Directions in Sarasota  Stress Free Sarasota Auto Repair Services Brian's Repair is a Sarasota auto repair specialist. We provide Sarasota car repair services and auto services to Sarasota and the surrounding areas. When something is not right with your vehicle, it can be very stressful, especially if you aren’t familiar with the inner workings of a vehicle and don’t know how to do your own vehicle maintenance and repairs. We have an A+ Rating with The BBB, so rest assured you will receive the highest quality repair services from Brian’s Auto Repair. In a way, your vehicle is like an investment, and routine maintenance is the best way to protect this investment for miles of trouble-free driving. Manufacturers Warranties Your vehicle manufacturer recommends services, inspections, and part repairs at regular intervals to keep your vehicle running properly. At Brian's Auto Repair, we offer high-quality maintenance services that follow the recommendations in your owner’s manual, which helps ensure that you won’t have to have major auto repairs in the future. ACDelco Consumer Assurance Program Enjoy the security and confidence of knowing that as an ACDelco service provider, Brians Auto Repair stands behind all of the ACDelco parts we sell. Pronto Protection Plus The pronto Protection Plus Nationwide Warranty provides you with significant benefits. You can rest assured that repairs performed will be guaranteed with a 12 month/12,000 mile Nationwide Warranty. Ask your Smart choice Repair Center for complete details. Pronto Roadside Assistance The Pronto Smart Choice Service Centers offer you a certificate for Roadside Assistance 24 hours a day 365 days a year, anywhere in the United States and Canada. Service includes reimbursements for a jumpstart or tow, up to $60, for (1) year from the date of service or repair. Copyright 2013 - BriansRepair.com - 4103 Clark Road #8, Sarasota, FL 34233 Auto Repair Web Design: Sitespring Auto Repair Sarasota Florida , Car Repair Sarasota , Sarasota Car Service , Sarasota Auto Repair 