 Site Home Blog Home Used Cars Reports Selling Tips Fun New Cars Fuel Efficiency Buying Tips Car value Announcements Navigation SELL WITH US WHY CHOOSE US? HOW IT WORKS The Ultimate List of Places to Sell Your Car Admin November 20, 2007 Selling Tips , Used Cars 8 Comments Well tell you where to go to sell your car You have a car to sell and we want to help, beyond our own simple buying service there are plenty of places you can sell your car. Here is a list of some of the best options for selling your car online, from web based communities like Craigslist and Ebay, to specialized vehicle services such as KBB and Autotrader. Craigslist If you are a do-it-yourself kind of person and want to sell your car online, Craigslist is a good option to start with. Sellers can place an ad for free on the Craigslist.com website which is then viewed by anyone searching their classifieds for used cars. The submission form is simple and allows sellers to enter an asking price, a posting title and they supply a substantial area for car description. Growing in popularity, Craigslist has made a name for itself through housing and job markets, the traffic they generate means that your used car ad will have plenty of views. This in turn gives you a better chance of finding the right buyer. Ebay Ebay has been a hit since its humble beginnings. A place where a consumer can buy almost anything and conversley a place where anything can be sold. It stands to reason that they are a good place to sell your car as well. Sellers are required to register as an Ebay user, then they must set up a sellers account. The beauty of this site is that they will walk you through the entire process. Their vehicle checklist, car photo tips and help with descriptions and pricing makes it a no-brainer. However, there is a catch. Ebay charges the seller a fee to place the ad, then takes a percentage of the final value. The help they offer is solid, but it is not free. Autotrader.com As its name implies, the Auto Trader is a place built specifically to buy and sell cars, and to some sellers that is enough to make them an attractive option. There is a nominal fee to sell with them, but they offer several different packages, one to suit any budget. The fee is small when you consider that Autotrader.com lists you with other big names like Edmunds and Yahoo autos. KBB The KBB has been pricing cars for a long time, so if its longevity in the market you want, KBB is a good place to sell your used car. A quick segway to the next name on the list, The Kelley Blue Book uses Cars.com for their used car classifieds. They offer three different priced packages, based on the length of time the ad runs, the amount of photos the seller can use, and a few enhanced options for the most expensive package. Like Autotrader, they will list your car on some of the other big sites in the industry for maximun exposure. Plus they offer in-depth information on placing effective ads, closing sales and a large FAQ section. Cars.com KBB uses them to sell the cars they list, so it makes sense that Cars.com is a good place to sell your used car. Enter your zip code and select one of two options, an online-only ad or an ad paired with your local newspaper, then you are taken to another page which offers their package options. The options vary by length of ad run time, amount of photos seller can display and a few extra features offered to the higher priced packages. Same as above with KBB, Cars.com will run your ad with up to 175 of their affiliates, allowing for more views and more offers. Edmunds.com An newer name on the scene Edmunds.com has made quite a name for themselves within the automotive industry. Developed as an online service, they offer great information on almost any make and model you fancy. If you want to sell a car through them however you will be redirected to the Autotrader.com website to do it. We can help too The bottom line is this, if you want to sell your car the easy way, call us 1-800-946-7700 or fill out our online form and let us handle the rest.  Chrysler offers rebates in time for the holidays How to Sell a Car on Craigslist  Lashan Will you sell our new ford mustang gyula lazar I want to sell my car.please let me know how this is done i.e do you post on cars.com kbb,auto trader etc..And how much your service costs. thanks julius sharika I have a buick regal fully loaded with sunroof i need your help to sell it. J. Brown Car was just found-was stolen. Purchased another vehicle while it was stolen. Has body damage to Passenger door and front grill and bumper (CertFit Parts-Grill is $37.75 and Bumper $103.75) Has some other scratches and dings. Engine in good conditions-never missed service. Interior and some stains but no tears, rips, etc. CarMax Appraisal attached. It really is a beautiful car, have had no problems, just dont need 2 cars. This car sells between 11-14K, Gustavo I have a 1992 cadillac deville that I want to sell tha problem is it has no wheels. Give ma call at 8178913705 Mariruth A. Kim Can you sell my 2008 Chevy Equinox LS for me? http://mustanggt1998  Isaiah Thompson i want to tell my car in the next day or two. can u help? http://mustanggt1998  Isaiah Thompson i want 4800 "I wanted to sell my Car !Cash4UsedCars.com made it EASY" Latest Posts Choosing an online service to sell your car Selling Your Car Is Like Being In A Relationship Deciding On The Best Time To Sell Your Car Selling Your Gas Guzzler For a More Efficient Car Things To Remember Before Selling Your Car Cash For Cars In Los Angeles  The Easy Way Know The Important Things About Auto Insurance Cash for Cars vs. Sell By Owner in San Diego Use Cash for Cars to Sell Your Car in Long Beach Car Buying Secrets  Car Buying Tips from Cash For Cars Categories Announcements Buying Tips Car value Cash For Cars Depreciation DMV Fuel Efficiency Fun Hybrid Cars KBB New Cars Our Sites Reports Reviews Safety Selling Tips SUV Used Cars Archives August 2013 July 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 Blog | By zip | By City | Contact | Terms | Privacy Policy | Dealers 2926 East Miraloma Ave., Anaheim, CA 92806  2007 - 2013 Cash 4 Used Cars 