 twitter facebook Festival Info Experience Location Volunteer Eats  Drinks Stay and Play Event Schedule Festival History La Informacion En Espanol Become a Sponsor Rolling Art Art Exhibiting Artist 2013 Entertainment For Artist Only Foundation 2013 Beneficiaries Grant and Scholarship Applications About Torrey Pines Kiwanis Club Contact Us Press Press Releases Select Page Festival Info Experience Location Volunteer Eats  Drinks Stay and Play Event Schedule Festival History La Informacion En Espanol Become a Sponsor Rolling Art Art Exhibiting Artist 2013 Entertainment For Artist Only Foundation 2013 Beneficiaries Grant and Scholarship Applications About Torrey Pines Kiwanis Club Contact Us Press Press Releases   Thank You!  For 27 years, the La Jolla Festival of the Arts has brought some of the wests finest artists to scenic coastal San Diego and raised funds to support San Diegans with disabilities. Mark your calendars for June 21 and 22, 2014!  Sign up for our newsletter  stay informed.    View all of our 2013 artists here . Congratulations to our 2013 Best of Show winners!  Ceramics: Michael Weinberg Fiber/Textiles: Sue Britt Glass: Sherry Salito-Forsen Jewelry: Susan Ronan Mixed Media: Elizabeth Dunlop Painting: Erin Hanson Photography:   Youngbok Park Sculpture: Dan McCabe  Experience Friends mingle with artists in an intimate setting of original fine art, entertainment, and delicious cuisines complemented with fine wine and craft beer as you stroll the turf of UCSD Warren Field. This is not a street fair but an elegant, high quality showcase. Learn More... Art There are nearly 200 juried artists who will exhibit sought-after fine art including brilliant watercolor and oil paintings; serigraph (prints made by the silk-screen process); glass, ceramic, paper, wood and metal sculptures; jewelry; photography and more. Learn More... Entertainment Enjoy music and interesting diversions on the main stage and throughout the venue.  Featured performers are Dave Scott and Monsoon Jazz, Fred Benedetti and Peter Sprague, Jazz88 All-Stars, and RockinJazzBigBand. But youll see and experience much more! Learn More...  Festival Sponsors      Friends of the Fest Adamoff Designs Artisan Digital Works ASID San Diego Better Life Mobility Classic party Rentals Costco CUSTOMatrix Diamond Environmental EDCO Waste Management Financial Design Giving Back San Diego Golden State Graphics JWalcher Communications La Jolla Light La Jolla Playhouse Linda Brandes Foundation Modern Luxury – Riviera Paradise Promotions Saddleback Golf Cars San Diego Police Cadets Show Imaging, Inc. Stone Brewing and Bistro Speedpro Imaging Talent Evolution The ATM Guy UCSD XLNC1-Hits Forever  About Us LJFA is produced by the Torrey Pines Kiwanis, a non-profit organization that raises funds to support adaptive sports and recreation programs for San Diegans with disabilities. Newsletter Subscribe to our "Friend of the Fest" newsletter First Name: Last Name: Email: Facebook * Twitter Check out @rgnewman 's blog post about her family trip to San Diego from NY and #LJFA ! motherhoodlater.com/posts/rob Yesterday from LJFA's Twitter via web This month's ZOONOOZ features nature's makeup artists: buff.ly/12tQG5f Can you name the species? pic.twitter.com/XUxoXxllHF About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Buffer "Sunrise in the cloudy" featured in the Hall of Fame: buff.ly/12e1lkn Found at buff.ly/12e1lkp pic.twitter.com/CX9nNuIacn About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Buffer David and Robert Shapiro — in Beverly Hills, CA.Found at buff.ly/121bjKC pic.twitter.com/nvy2Gmvdqe About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Buffer Festival-goers: Did you catch some of our guests in @UTsandiego 's Night + Day?? pic.twitter.com/op1SgfoRLq About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via web #SanDiego still time to take in great art, music, food and drinks at this year's art festival LJFA.org About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Twitter for iPad Check out Gustavo Santana's glass wares at booth 911, #LJFA pic.twitter.com/Njxfa5v5AA About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Twitter for iPad The RockinJazzBigBand is the “real deal”  they are taking the main stage at 2:30! What better way to end the #LJFA ? About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Sendible Hutch Bronzon: human or statue? #LJFA pic.twitter.com/ScfIAmLlKK About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Mobile Web (M5) FredBenedetti and Peter Sprague will entertain Festival-goers w/ music ranging from W.A. Mozart to Lee Ritenour on the mainstage @ 11 About 2 months ago from LJFA's Twitter via Sendible Follow @LJFestivalofArt twitter facebook © 2013 Torrey Pines Kiwanis Foundation, Inc. DBA, La Jolla Festical of the Arts. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Website Design by: Talent Evolution 