  Shopping Tools Vehicle Tools Build Your Own Competitive Comparison Download a Catalog Offers  Finance Deals  Offers Estimate Payments Trade-in Appraisal Contact Chevrolet Schedule a Test Drive Get Email Updates Live Chat Search Inventory Request a Quote Locate a Store  Locate a Store Please enter your ZIP code to find dealers in your area: GO Click Here for Advanced Search.  View All Dealers Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals  Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards  Safety Design  Technology History  About All Search Search Popular Searches Camaro Silverado Equinox Corvette Impala  Cruze MYEE Traverse Volt Silverado Accessories Chat Contact Us Questions Cars Crossovers  SUVs Trucks  Vans All Certified Service Service Offers Maintenance Tire Service Auto Parts  Repair Previous THE PARTS TO DO THE JOB, THE KNOW-HOW TO DO IT RIGHT.  SCHEDULE SERVICE Next  Auto Parts Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Transmissions Engines Auto Parts - Get off to the right start with the right parts.  Quality Auto Parts for Your Chevrolet High-quality Genuine GM Parts are original equipment parts specifically designed, made, and tested to help you keep your Chevrolet vehicle running at peak performance—after all, your vehicle is an original. It pays to keep it that way. Whether you're restoring an old favorite or personalizing your newest vehicle, count on the right auto parts to provide the dependability you expect from Chevrolet. The Certified Service experts know precisely which parts your Chevrolet car, truck, or SUV needs —rely on them to maintain your Chevrolet with the same parts used to build it. Your Chevrolet dealer offers a full line of parts, each one designed and manufactured to exacting standards for your specific car, truck or SUV. Use the Locate a Dealer button to find your local Chevrolet dealer’s home page, where you can order many of these parts directly for yourself. Locate a Store Auto Service Repairs Hearing a rattle? Had a fender bender? Bring your Chevrolet vehicle back to your dealer and head down the service lane for any type of auto repair service, major or minor. Your Certified Service technician is trained to know every inch of your Chevrolet car, truck, or SUV and can help you keep it running like new. They'll start with a thorough vehicle inspection and perform the expert services you might need, including brake service , engine repair , transmission repair , collision repair , warranty work, and more. The Certified Service experts understand your vehicle and all its technological systems. They know you want to feel as good about your vehicle today as you did the day you bought it. Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection  With our Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection, you get a thorough assessment of your Chevrolet vehicle by trained experts and they'll let you know if any repairs are necessary. So protect yourself and your automotive investment with a comprehensive Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection at your Chevrolet dealer today!  Schedule Service View Current Service Offers  Understanding Chevy Auto Repair: How Parts Work  Signs of Wear Below you will find a part-by-part overview of all the major systems within your vehicle, many of which come backed by our Lifetime Limited Parts Warranty ◊ . Use the part description and signs of wear to better understand how to keep your Chevrolet running at its best. When the time is right for auto repair service or if you ever have concerns, bring your vehicle back to your Chevrolet dealer, nobody knows your vehicle better. HVAC  Engine Cooling Parts  Accumulator/Drier: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) The accumulator in your vehicle gathers and stores liquid refrigerant until it’s converted into a gas refrigerant. Sign of wear: Lack of or insufficient cooling in cabin Compressor: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) The compressor compresses refrigerant. The compression leads to a change in the refrigerant’s boiling point that helps create the cold air that is delivered through the HVAC system. Signs of wear: Lack of or insufficient cooling Excessive clicking sounds or unusual noises during A/C operation Water Pump: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) The water pump is responsible for circulating engine coolant through the radiator and engine system to help maintain optimal engine operating temperatures. Signs of wear: Engine overheating Leaking coolant Condenser: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) The condenser cools refrigerant gas back into a liquid state. Sign of wear: Reduced cooling capacity in vehicle cabin due to physical damage or debris Compressor Clutch: A critical component of your HVAC system, the compressor clutch engages and disengages your compressor. Signs of wear: Reduced cooling in vehicle interior Noise when running A/C system Rubbing/grinding noise when A/C is off Blower Motor: Your vehicle’s blower motor drives air through the HVAC system and into your cabin. Signs of wear: Engine overheats Fan doesn’t turn Poor A/C performance Engine Cooling Fan: The engine cooling fan, located behind your radiator, draws cool outside air through the condenser and radiator at low-speed operation to cool the engine. Signs of wear: Engine overheats Fan doesn’t turn Poor A/C performance Expansion Valve: The expansion valve restricts the flow of refrigerant, allowing it to change from a high-pressure liquid to a low-pressure gas, which provides the cooling effect of A/C. Sign of wear: Lack of cooling in cabin Evaporator: Warm air from inside your vehicle is delivered to your evaporator. Moisture and heat are then removed from the air and returned to your cabin.  Sign of wear: Lack of cooling in cabin Heater Core: Hot engine coolant from the cooling system circulates through the heater core to provide warm air to the passenger compartment. Signs of wear: Sweet smell coming from vents Insufficient heat from vents Wet carpet on passenger side Radiator: Engine coolant flowing through the radiator is cooled by wind and the radiator fan helping to keep the engine within proper operating temperatures. Signs of wear: Leaking (often a bright green color) Engine overheats Sweet smell Thermostat: The thermostat regulates the temperature of the engine coolant to maintain proper engine operating temperature. Signs of wear: Engine overheats Reduced fuel economy Insufficient heat in cabin Battery  Ignition Parts  Ignition Coil: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) The ignition coil increases electrical system voltage to help ignite the air/fuel mixture. Signs of wear: Engine won’t start Engine misfiring Visible cracks in coil body Ignition Modules: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) Later model vehicles with a distributor and coil pack use an ignition module as a switch that, when engaged, supplies power to the coil which in turn creates the spark that ignites the air-fuel mixture. Signs of wear: Engine won’t start Engine misfiring Ignition Wire Set: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) This specialized wire set carries voltage Signs of wear: Difficult engine starting Misfiring Decreased fuel economy Starting Motor  Solenoid: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) When starting the engine, the solenoid is energized, which engages the starter pinion into the flywheel, while the starter motor drives the pinion to crank the engine. Signs of wear: Poor starting qualities including repeated starting attempts Grinding while cranking Intermittent starter engagement while trying to start the engine Alternator/Generator: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) Your car’s alternator/generator provides power to electrical systems and charges the battery while the vehicle is running. Signs of wear: Engine won’t turn over Loss of battery power Some loss of electrical power Alternator warning light illuminates Dim headlights Battery: Your car’s battery supplies and stores electrical energy from the alternator when the vehicle’s engine is running. The car battery provides energy to start the engine plus supplies power to accessories when the engine is not running. For the best combination of longevity, power, and price, we proudly offer a wide range of ACDelco batteries. Signs of wear: Slow cranking Weak/dim lights while cranking Distributor Cap: Vehicles equipped with a distributor use the distributor cap to act as a hub for spark plug and ignition coil wires.  Signs of wear: Inability to start engine Poor starting qualities Misfiring Decreased fuel economy Spark Plug: Spark plugs provide the spark that ignites the air-fuel mixture within an engine’s cylinders. Signs of wear: Lack of power Sluggish acceleration Poor fuel economy Fuel  Engine Emissions Parts  Modular Fuel Pump/Sender: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) This two-part component delivers fuel from your tank to the fuel injectors while monitoring and sending fuel level information to your fuel gauge. Signs of wear: Difficult engine starting Slow acceleration qualities Intermittent power loss Inaccurate fuel gauge reading Engine Control Module (ECM) : This module monitors and synchronizes the operation of the ignition, emission, and fuel injection systems. All sensors input information to the ECM to constantly adjust the air-fuel mixture for optimum emissions, drivability, and performance Signs of wear: Engine won’t start Reduced or loss of engine power “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Exhaust Gas Recirculation Valve (EGR): The EGR valve recirculates some of the engine’s exhaust gas back into the intake manifold to be reburned, reducing emissions. Signs of wear: Rough-running engine Engine hesitation or stalling “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Fuel Injector: The fuel injector sprays a fine mist of fuel into a vehicle’s intake manifold or cylinders a fraction of a second before the spark plug ignites it.  Signs of wear: Sluggish engine performance Poor acceleration “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Mass Air Flow Sensor: This sensor measures the amount of air entering the engine.  Signs of wear: Engine hesitation Stalling Decline in engine performance “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Oxygen Sensor: The oxygen sensor measures the amount of leftover oxygen from the combustion process in the exhaust. nbsp; Signs of wear: Rough-running engine Poor fuel economy “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Engine Coolant Temperature Sensor: Constantly measures the engine’s coolant temperature. Signs of wear: Cooling fan(s) on high all the time Poor fuel economy “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Intake Air Temperature Sensor: Constantly measures the temperature of the incoming air to the engine. Signs of wear: Rough-running engine Poor fuel economy “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Humidity Sensor: Constantly measures the humidity of the incoming air to the engine. Sign of wear: “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Knock Sensor: Constantly measures the spark knock from the engine so the engine control module can adjust the ignition timing to reduce it. Signs of wear: Lack of power “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Throttle Position Sensor (throttle body): Constantly measures the opening of the throttle body as you depress the accelerator. Sign of wear: “Reduced Engine Power” light illuminates Accelerator Pedal Position Sensor: Constantly measures the amount the accelerator is depressed so the ECM can open the throttle proportionately to increase acceleration. Sign of wear: “Reduced Engine Power” light illuminates Fuel Pressure Sensor: Constantly measures the fuel pressure in the fuel rail so the ECM can maintain the pressure at optimum levels. Signs of wear: Ticking noise from engine “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Fuel Composition Sensor: On vehicles equipped to run on E85 ethanol, this sensor constantly measures the amount of ethanol in the fuel. Sign of wear: “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Positive Crankcase Ventilation (PCV) Valve: Your vehicle’s PCV valve was designed to regulate unspent combustion gasses so they can be burned in the engine. Signs of wear: Engine runs rough or unexpectedly stalls “Service Engine Soon” light illuminates Catalytic Converter(s): The catalytic converter is an emission control device added to the engine exhaust system in order to reduce hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide, and oxides of nitrogen pollutants from the exhaust gas. Signs of wear: Exhaust is louder Rotten-egg smell Resonator: Some exhaust systems are equipped with a resonator. The resonator, located either before or after the muffler, allows the use of mufflers with less back pressure. Resonators are used when vehicle characteristics require specific exhaust tuning.  Signs of wear: Exhaust is louder Clunking noise in rear of vehicle Muffler  Tailpipe: The exhaust muffler reduces the noise levels of the engine exhaust by the use of tuning tubes. The tuning tubes create channels inside the exhaust muffler that lower the sound levels created by the combustion of the engine. The tailpipe carries the exhaust gasses from the muffler to the rear of your vehicle. Signs of wear: Exhaust is louder Clunking noise in rear of vehicle Driveline/Powertrain Parts  Wheel Bearing: ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) The wheel bearing is mounted on a wheel hub which in turn is connected to the axle. The bearings reduce friction and increase your control of the vehicle as the wheel turns over the surface of the road. Signs of wear: Grinding Whining or squealing noises Looseness or roughness felt in the steering wheel CV Joint/Boot: The CV boot protects the CV joint (in front-wheel-drive automatic transaxle vehicles) from harmful moisture, sand, dust, and other roadway debris. If the boot is worn or damaged, these particles can eat away at the CV joint, potentially causing the need to replace the CV joint or even a half axle. Signs of wear: Lubricant leak Clicking sounds during turning Clunks during acceleration Front-end vibrations Engine: The engine is the heart of your vehicle. Most engines use combustion (igniting an air-fuel mixture to create mechanical energy) to create power that is delivered to the wheels, which in turn propels the vehicle. Signs of wear: Rough running High oil or fuel consumption Visible smoke while engine is running Transmission/Transaxle: The transmission/transaxle in your vehicle uses a combination of hydraulics and gears to transfer power from the engine to the wheels. Transmissions are utilized in rear-wheel-drive applications and transaxles on front-wheel drive. Signs of wear: Noticeable transmission/transaxle slippage Lack of acceleration Transmission fluid emits a burning odor Differential/Rear Axle: The differential receives power from the drive shaft and delivers power to rear-drive wheels through a series of gears. Signs of wear: Clanking noise Whining or humming noise at steady speed or during coast down Flywheel: This round, multi-toothed disc connects the engine, clutch system, and automatic transmission.  Signs of wear: Noticeable transmission slippage Lack of acceleration Failure to engage Erratic transmission operation Clutch: Manual vehicles use this combination of components to engage and disengage the engine to and from the transmission for changing gears.  Signs of wear: Clutch slippage Clutch engage failure Suspension Parts  Shocks  Struts ( Limited Lifetime Parts Warranty Protection ◊ ) The ride and handling system supports your vehicle’s weight, keeps the wheels in contact with the road and helps provide a comfortable ride. Signs of wear: Excessive ball joint play Leaking oil along the shock body Broken mounts or mounting hardware Worn or missing bushings Excessive vehicle bounce Cupped tire wear. Strut Mount/Bearing: The strut mount helps improve strut operation by absorbing energy and restoring smooth steering while the bearing allows the strut to turn with the wheels while steering. Signs of wear: Suspension noise Uneven tire wear Steering wheel does not easily return to center position Ball Joint: The ball joint is a pivot point for the wheel assembly, allowing the wheels to turn and move up and down with the suspension. Signs of wear: Rough ride Play in steering wheel Slow or stiff steering wheel return Excessive tire wear on one side Coil Springs: Your suspension system’s coil springs support the weight of your vehicle and maintain vehicle ride height. Signs of wear: Low vehicle ride height Rough, unstable, or uncontrollable ride Excessive tire wear on one side Bushing: The bushings attached to the suspension system provide a cushioned link between control arms and chassis. Signs of wear: Excessive steering wheel play Hard steering Noise Wobble Irregular tire wear Control Arm: to the vehicle frame, allowing for a full range of motion while maintaining proper wheel alignment. Signs of wear: Uneven tire wear Suspension noise or misalignment Steering wheel wobble or vibration Steering Parts Power Steering: The hydraulic power steering pump is a constant displacement pump that provides hydraulic pressure and flow for the power steering gear. The hydraulic power steering pump is belt-driven off your engine. Signs of wear: Fluid leakage Difficult low-speed steering Whining noise while turning Steering wheel wobble Pump housing leakage Rack-And-Pinion: long steel bar that is meshed with a pinion gear and connected to rods that turn the front wheels. The rack-and-pinion can be hydraulically assisted by a power steering pump or electrically assisted. Signs of wear: Excessive play in steering wheel Steering wheel vibration Unusual noises while turning the wheel Idler Arm: The idler arm in your vehicle acts as a pivot point to the steering linkage assembly. Sign of wear: Irregular tire wear, such as feathering or scrubbing Pitman Arm : On vehicles that utilize a steering gear, the pitman arm connects the steering gear and steering linkage. Sign of wear: “Wandering” and excessive steering with little directional change Tie-Rod End: The tie-rod end connects or ties the steering linkage to the wheel hub assembly, allowing for the transfer of motion to the wheel. Signs of wear: Rough or stuttered steering Play in steering wheel Inner or outer tire edge wear Belts/Hoses/Filters V-Ribbed Serpentine: This belt transfers power from the crankshaft to the alternator, water pump, air conditioning compressor, and power steering pump (if applicable). Signs of wear: Slipping and/or squealing belt Dimming headlights while driving Loss of battery charging Timing Chain/Belt: Your vehicle’s timing chain/belt synchronizes the engine’s camshaft and crankshaft.  Signs of wear: Engine stops Engine backfires Air Conditioning Hose: Refrigerant stored under high pressure is transferred from your vehicle’s evaporator in the engine compartment to the condenser in front of the radiator. Sign of wear: A/C inoperative Heater Hose: The heater hose within your vehicle routes the hot engine coolant to the heater core to heat the cabin. Signs of wear: Coolant leak Cracking/hardening/brittleness of hose Radiator Hose: The radiator hose moves coolant from the engine to the radiator to be cooled Signs of wear: Leaking Elevated engine temperature Coolant leak Cracking/hardening/brittleness of hose “Check Engine” light illuminates  Engine Air Filters: These filters prevent harmful debris from entering your engine. Signs of wear: Sluggish acceleration Decreased fuel efficiency Oil Filter: Your vehicle’s oil filter cleanses engine oil to help reduce wear on the engine’s internal components. Signs of wear: Oil leaks Burning oil smell Automatic Transmission Filter: This filter keeps certain abrasive particles in the transmission fluid from reaching the transmission’s internal components. Signs of wear: Late shifts Slipping in and out of gear In-Line Fuel Filter: This filter was designed to trap fuel contaminants before they enter the engine’s fuel delivery system. Signs of wear: Lack of power Vehicle will not start Vehicle only runs in idle or low speeds Cabin Air Filter: Cabin air filters prevent a majority of airborne particles from entering the cabin. Sign of wear: Decreased climate control (heating and A/C) airflow   Vehicles Cars Crossovers SUVs Trucks Vans Diesel Vehicles Performance Vehicles Hybrid Vehicles All Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Commercial Use Fleet Awards  Accolades Shopping Tools Deals  Offers Estimate Payments Locate a Store Build Your Own Search Inventory Request Quote Request Test Drive Competitive Comparison Offers  Finance Deals  Offers Trade-in Appraisal Estimate Credit Score Apply for Credit Chevy Volt Car Tax Credit Estimate Payments Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards  Safety Design  Technology History  About All Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals  Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Help Center Click to Chat FAQ Contact Us Download A Catalog Email Updates Site Map GM Sites Visit GM.com Chevrolet Worldwide Follow Chevrolet  Copyright  Trademark Privacy Statement Important Information User Guidelines AdChoices Español *The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Chevrolet vehicles' destination freight charges . **The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Destination freight charge is $995 for 2014 Tahoe, 2014 SS, 2014 Corvette Coupe and 2014 Corvette Convertible. SiteCatalyst code version: H.14.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com Close Destination Freight Charges  To allow you to do an accurate price comparison with prices featured on other Internet sites, GM provides Internet pricing both with and without the Destination Freight Charge (see prices including Destination Freight Charge below). To get full pricing details, go to our Build Your Own section. 2014 Vehicles 2013 Vehicles 2012 Vehicles 2014 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SPARK EV MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  ALL-NEW 2014 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 2500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 3500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO ZL1 CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE 427 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 TAHOE HYBRID MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 BLACK DIAMOND AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EXPRESS MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 COLORADO MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 