 Portugal Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Blogs You are here: Home > Transport in Portugal > Vehicle Ownership > Buying  Selling Cars Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Importing a Car Importing an EU Vehicle Non-EU Vehicle Imports Motorbikes  Scooters Vehicle Registration Classic Cars Buying  Selling Cars Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Public Transport Air  Sea Travel Useful Contacts EU Factsheets: Transport Show Local AngloINFO Algarve Lisbon Show Worldwide AngloINFO Home Argentina Australia Azerbaijan Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Costa Rica Cyprus Denmark Dubai France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Malaysia Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Panama Portugal Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Inside Emergency Numbers Foreign Exchange Portugal Maps Portugal News Public Holidays Translate Online Weather Essentials  Currency Converter Currency from: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Australian Dollar Brazilian Real Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Currency to: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Brazilian Real Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Hang gliding One of the Algarves adventure sports  Buying or Selling a Car in Portugal Information on the paperwork and process involved whether buying a car from a dealership or a secondhand car through a classified advertisement... The Government Traffic Department, Instituto da Mobilidade e dos Transportes Terrestres , IMTT (previously the DGV) deals with all aspects of car ownership, registration and licensing. The Institute of Registration and Notaries ( Insitituto dos Registos e do Notariado , IRN ) provides civil registry offices where citizens take care of many administrative matters, including vehicle registration. Vehicle registration forms and information may be downloaded from the Registo de Veículos section of the IRN website: Click here (in Portuguese) Registration may be completed online: Click here (in English and Portuguese) To find a local IRN office: Click here Note that most of the websites and documentation needed are in Portuguese. For those who don't speak Portuguese, staff at the Citizens Shops ( Lojas do Cidadão ) can help with all matters concerning vehicles and registration. For a list of the local Citizens Shops: Click here Buying a New Car Dealerships selling new cars take care of the registration of the vehicle on behalf of the buyer. Dealerships also often offer insurance deals (it is a legal requirement for all vehicles to have at least third party car insurance). Documents When the vehicle is turned in for destruction to a VFV-compliant centre, the owner provides the following documents: Form 9 ( Modelo 9 IMTT ) which cancels registration To access the form online: Click here Vehicle registration documents Buying and Selling a Second Hand Car Buying a second hand or used car ( de segunda mão/usado ) in Portugal is generally more expensive than in other European Union countries. There are several reasons for this, including the fact that depreciation is slower and higher taxes on purchases means that new cars tend to hold their value better than they do in other countries. A foreigner may buy a Portuguese-registered car in Portugal provided they have at least one of the following documents: An official Residence Permit ( Cartão de Residência ) or Proof that they are a Portuguese home owner (by showing title deeds) or A rental contract for a minimum duration of one year Where to find a second hand car Used cars for sale are available through dealerships, or may be advertised in automobile magazines, such as: Guia Automóvel (monthly) Auto-Hoje (weekly) Auto-Comércio (monthly) Newspapers also carry motor classified advertisements: Auto Ocasião Correio da Manha Jornal de Noticias Online publications: Automóveis.pt Auto Geiza When scrolling down online publications look for words such as classificados (classifieds) and then automoveis or carros (cars). The site may specify new cars ( novos ) or second hand cars ( usados ). There are also two Internet auction sites ( Leilões ) in the Lisbon area which deal in cars: Mega Leilões Miau (Portuguese ebay-type site) Transfer of ownership It is the seller's responsibility to provide the form for the registration of the change of ownership ( Transferência de Propriedade or Contrato verbal de compra e venda ). This Form 2 ( Modelo 2 ), available from the IRN, contains information about the vehicle, the previous owner and the new owner. At the point of sale it should be completed and signed by both the buyer and the seller. It is the buyer's responsibility to register the change of ownership at the local IRN vehicle registration department ( Instituto dos Registos e do Notariado ) within 30 days of purchase. To download the form for registration of change of ownership ( Requerimento de Registo Automóvel ): Click here To find the local civil registry IRN office: Click here The seller must provide At the point of sale the seller should provide the following: The transfer of ownership Form 2 for completion and signing The vehicle's registration papers: This will either be a DUA All-In-One Vehicle Document ( Documento Único Automóvel ) also called license plate certificate ( Certificado de Matrícula ) or two documents: vehicle registration document ( Título de Registo de Propriedade ) log book ( Livrete ) Proof of roadworthiness: a valid IPO ( Inspecção Periódica Obrigatória ) test certificate Green Technical Inspection card/certificate ( Calendário das Inspecções Técnicas de Veículo , also called: Carta Inspecção Técnica Periódica ) which details the vehicle's inspection history and when the next inspection is due Owner's Municipal Vehicle Tax Contribution ( Imposto Municipal de Veiculo ) documents or card as proof of paid up vehicle tax Note : The DUA document of more recently registered vehicles incorporates the information previously kept in three separate documents. Registering the new owner A foreign buyer will need to provide the following documents when registering the vehicle at the IRN office: Proof of residence in Portugal as outlined above (proof by means of residence card, property title deeds or rental contract) Proof of vehicle roadworthiness (the IPO test certificate) provided by the seller The vehicle registration papers provided by the seller Proof of up-to-date payments of vehicle tax ( Imposto Municipal de Veículos ) provided by the seller A registration fee Note : The registration of transfer of ownership of a used vehicle bought from a dealership will be handled by the dealer who should also provide a warranty and service history. If, following the process above, the buyer does not submit the change of ownership documents to the IRN vehicle registration department, responsibility for all fines or accidents involving the vehicle remain the responsibility of the seller. It is strongly advised to confirm that the buyer has completed the transfer process.  Classic Cars Vehicle Insurance  Related Information Driving Road Tax Road Types  Toll Fees Speed Limits Parking  Penalties Rental  Breakdowns Road Accidents Driving Licences EU Licence Exchange Non-EU Licence Exchange Portuguese Licences Driving Tests Renewing a Licence Vehicle Ownership Importing a Car Importing an EU Vehicle Non-EU Vehicle Imports Motorbikes  Scooters Vehicle Registration Classic Cars Buying  Selling Cars Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Public Transport Trains  Metro Buses  Coaches Transport Terms Air  Sea Travel Airport Hand Baggage Useful Contacts EU Factsheets: Transport Transport Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... If you believe any of the information on this page is incorrect or out-of-date, please let us know. AngloINFO makes every effort to ensure its INFOrmation Pages are as comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date as possible, but we're also grateful for any help! (If you want to contact AngloINFO for any other reason, please follow the instructions on this website's contact page .) Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Your IP address: LOGGED (10.58.74.49) Your suggestion: *  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Contact , Cookies . AngloINFO | Everyday life in Portugal, in English Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! X Welcome to AngloINFO Portugal Everything you need for life in Portugal - local information you can trust We have local franchise opportunities in Portugal and around the world Do you dream of having your own, profitable, easy-to-operate business? AngloINFO might be the solution! Now in its thirteenth year of business, AngloINFO is the world's leading network of expat information websites - with over three million monthly visitors from around the world. We have an established network of 81 local websites in 37 countries with many more in development. Our 54 local franchisees are the key to our success and come from a huge range of backgrounds, ages and nationalities. The common factor is a passion for success. Find out more... Close Window 