 Australia Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Blogs You are here: Home > Transport in Australia > Vehicle Ownership > Buying a Used Car Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Selling a Car Transferring Ownership Importing Vehicles Registering a Foreign Car Vehicle Insurance Vehicle Inspection Public Transport Air  Sea Travel Useful Contacts Show Local AngloINFO Melbourne Perth Show Worldwide AngloINFO Home Argentina Australia Azerbaijan Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Costa Rica Cyprus Denmark Dubai France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Malaysia Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Panama Portugal Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Inside Australia Maps Australia News Emergency Numbers Foreign Exchange Online Translations Public Holidays Weather Essentials  Currency Converter Currency from: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Australian Dollar Brazilian Real Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Currency to: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Brazilian Real Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Flowers Flower displays at Fitzroy Gardens Conservatory  Buying a Second-hand Car Information on how to buy a used car in Australia, with details on the documents required... In Australia used cars can be purchased from car dealerships, private owners, online or at an auction. Some states/territories require any used cars for sale to have a safety certificate. These are: the Australian Capital Territory, Queensland and Victoria. In New South Wales, the Northern Territory, South Australia, Tasmania, and Western Australia safety certificates are not needed before selling a second-hand car.  They may, however, be necessary if the vehicle is to be transferred between states or if it has undergone modification. Buying a car from a dealership A guarantee of title, legal protection and a warranty is provided when purchasing a used car from a licensed dealership. The guarantee of title ensures that there is no money owing on the car. Legal requirements on the length of the warranty vary with each state. There may be no warranty for old or high mileage vehicles. Typical warranty periods are three months or 5,000 Km for non-commercial vehicles which are less than 10 years old and have covered less than 160,000 Km. Buying a car privately, online or at an auction There are a number of websites with classifieds for used cars. Some of the main ones in Australia include: AutoMarket.com.au CarSearch.net.au Carsales.com.au CarsGuide.com.au Motoseller.com Popular websites with cars for sale from an auction include: CarNet.com.au Government Auctions Pickles Auctions When buying a used car privately, online or at an auction, check that the person selling the car is free to do so. If the car is stolen, or if it is being used to secure a loan then the current owner is not free to sell it. Each state and territory has a Register of Encumbered Vehicles or Vehicle Securities Register, which should be checked before buying a used car privately. These registers allow a buyer to confirm ownership of a car and find out whether the car is being used as a security. To carry out an ownership check, the vehicle registration number, engine number and chassis number are generally required. To find a local register, see the links below: New South Wales Tasmania Western Australia Victoria For unlisted states and territories, contact your driving authority: Click here To check whether or not a vehicle is held as security for a debt, check the Personal Property Securities Register:  Click here Before committing to buying a car privately, ensure that the seller has a current certificate of registration and a safety check report which is no more than one month old. The details on both these forms should match the vehicle. Prior to buying a car a mechanic or one of the Australian motoring organisations can check the car for any problems. Buying a car at an auction is often the cheapest way of getting a new car but it is also the riskiest. Auction houses must permit an inspection of the vehicle but most do not allow a test drive. A car purchased at an auction has no warranty. The auction house is responsible for ensuring that the car is free to be sold and for providing a completed change of registration form. If the car is not registered, a safety check report no more than one month old should be provided confirming that the car is fit for registration.  Buying a New Car Selling a Car  Related Information Driving Roads  Fuel Parking Road Traffic Accidents Driving Licences Exchanging a Licence Vehicle Ownership Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Selling a Car Transferring Ownership Importing Vehicles Registering a Foreign Car Vehicle Insurance Vehicle Inspection Public Transport Train Travel Buses  Coaches Air  Sea Travel Airport Hand Baggage Ferry Travel Useful Contacts Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... If you believe any of the information on this page is incorrect or out-of-date, please let us know. AngloINFO makes every effort to ensure its INFOrmation Pages are as comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date as possible, but we're also grateful for any help! (If you want to contact AngloINFO for any other reason, please follow the instructions on this website's contact page .) Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Your IP address: LOGGED (10.58.74.49) Your suggestion: *  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Contact , Cookies . AngloINFO | Everyday life in Australia, in English Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! X Welcome to AngloINFO Australia Everything you need for life in Australia - local information you can trust We have local franchise opportunities in Australia and around the world Do you dream of having your own, profitable, easy-to-operate business? AngloINFO might be the solution! Now in its thirteenth year of business, AngloINFO is the world's leading network of expat information websites - with over three million monthly visitors from around the world. We have an established network of 81 local websites in 37 countries with many more in development. Our 54 local franchisees are the key to our success and come from a huge range of backgrounds, ages and nationalities. The common factor is a passion for success. Find out more... Close Window 