 Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates  Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying and Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling  Events Car Maintenance  Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips  Tools Loan Tips  Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums   Home | Used Cars | Buying & Selling Tips | Buying Guide | Certified Pre-Owned Car vs. Used Cars  Get a Free Price Quote  Low Rate Financing  Find a Local Dealer  Save on Car Insurance Certified Pre-Owned Car vs. Used Cars  Related Used Car Buying Tips    Used Car History Check    Trading-In a Vehicle    Trading In a Car You Still Owe Money On    Selling your Used Car    Selling a Used Car    How Much Your Car is Worth    Fraud Awareness    Certified Pre-Owned Car vs. Used Cars    Car Trade-In Options    Buying a Used Car New Car Buyer's Tool   Get a Dealer Price Quote   Check Current Auto  Loan Rates   Locate Your Nearest  Dealer   Lock-in a Car Insurance Rate Certified Pre-Owned Cars Certified pre-owned (CPO) cars are used cars that have gone through original requirements testing by the manufacturers. As a result they get a stamp of approval; most are backed by a limited warranty. There is a 150 point inspection list, and a certified pre-owned car has to pass all of them in order to be given the certification. This approval makes CPO cars more popular because the certification can include warranties and sometimes additional features like roadside assistance, special financing options, and free oil changes. Certified pre-owned cars are generally off-lease vehicles that are low in miles and years. However, they do have the downside of being more expensive. Their prices are often adjusted 2-8 percent higher than the average market price, and CPO premiums are still on the rise due to recent popularity. This is a difference of $500-$1,700 for a non-luxury vehicle. Sometimes their prices are even the same as brand new cars. CPO cars are also often marketed under the previous warranty. This dupes people into thinking that they have a much longer warranty with a higher mileage cap. If a CPO car is at 90,000 miles and the warranty it is being sold under is for 100,000 miles, then there are only 10,000 miles left before the warranty expires. Lastly keep in mind that certified pre-owned cars were still checked by human beings, which happen to be error prone. Just because they are certified does not mean there aren't CPO cars without problems. Non-Certified Used Cars Basically non-certified used cars are just normal used cars without the manufacturer's stamp of approval. There is no hard evidence that a cautious buyer of used cars will necessarily get a worse deal than CPO cars. The up-front advantage of regular used cars is the savings, which can amount to thousands of dollars. Prices are more negotiable, and if you take the right steps, you can essentially get the same deal without paying extra for the manufacturer's stamp. The drawback would be the higher possibility of lemons. But then again, certified cars only carry a reduced risk of lemons, they don't eliminate the possibility altogether. Many states have Lemon Laws preventing the deliberate passing on of dud cars to unwitting buyers. If you're car savvy enough, you could probably certify a non-CPO car yourself by going through the checklist. Or you can hire someone to do it for you. Either way it will probably be cheaper. Next Article: Fraud Awareness  Find a Car Year Select Make Select Model    Latest Auto News NHTSA Expands Chevrolet Corvette Headlight Investigation Megan Stewart on  08/27/13 03:30 PM Mazda Expands SkyActiv Engine Production Megan Stewart on  08/27/13 01:30 PM Cadillac Vsport to Claim Up to 15 Percent of XTS Sales Megan Stewart on  08/27/13 11:25 AM Refreshed Already! 2014 Range Rover Evoque Matthew Askari on  08/27/13 09:23 AM Infiniti Releases First Images of Q30 Concept Vehicle Megan Stewart on  08/27/13 12:01 AM 2014 Toyota Corolla Prices Revealed Megan Stewart on  08/26/13 11:05 PM Behind the Wheel: 2014 Toyota Corolla Keith Buglewicz on  08/26/13 11:01 PM Recovery? Auto Loans Up, Delinquencies Down Matthew Askari on  08/26/13 07:00 PM Infiniti Q30 Concept Teased at Nissan 360, Including Interior Jacob Brown on  08/26/13 05:45 PM Future Products: Mazda, Subaru, and Mitsubishi Megan Stewart on  08/26/13 04:30 PM   About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content  Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. LIWWBIIS10 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes  