 Calendar  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies New York News Local News Blog Michael Musto Nat Hentoff Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  New York Events Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Free Will Astrology Tickets Brooklyn Pour 2013 New York Music Music Blog Concert Calendar Pazz & Jop New York Nightlife Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile NYC 4Knots Music Fest ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  New York Restaurants Food Blog Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Choice Streets Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  New York Arts New York Theater Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Obie Awards Books Dance Art ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  New York Movies Showtimes Film Poll Trailers Film Festivals Podcast Film Newsletter Repertory Film Get Mobile Free Stuff Things to do in New York Readers Poll 2012 2011 2010 2009 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads New York Promotions Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Web Awards Brooklyn Pour Tickets New York Classifieds Post an Ad Virtual Career Fair Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter After Dark  Food Music Events Movies Search Events Filter Events Date Tue Aug 27th - Mon Sep 2nd T 27  W 28  T 29  F 30  S 31  S 1  M 2  This Weekend Range Date Range:  -  Event Type  Music (753)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (180)  Arts (99)  Theater (94)  Food and Drink (87)  Recreation (86)  Tours (79) Show More   Music (753)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (180)  Arts (99)  Theater (94)  Food and Drink (87)  Recreation (86)  Tours (79)  Activism (6)  Art - Galleries (20)  Art - Museums (50)  Art - Openings and Events (1)  Arts (99)  Baseball (2)  Broadway: Now Playing (23)  Broadway: Opening (2)  Burlesque (30)  Cabaret (5)  Comedy (69)  Dance (7)  Family Events (11)  Fashion and Style (6)  Festivals (3)  Film - Picks (2)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (180)  Food and Drink (87)  Free Events (74)  Games (3)  LGBT Events (71)  Literary Events (25)  Museum Exhibits and Events (1)  Music (753)  Nightlife (29)  Off-Broadway: Now Playing (33)  Off-Broadway: Opening (19)  Off-Off-Broadway: Now Playing (7)  Off-Off-Broadway: Opening (7)  Photography (7)  Poetry (13)  Recreation (86)  Sex and Fetish Events (1)  Shopping (3)  Sports - Spectator (5)  Talks (4)  Theater (94)  Tours (79) Neighborhood  Above 110th (13)  Check/UnCheck All    East Harlem (4)   Harlem (3)   Inwood (2)   Morningside Heights (2)   Washington Heights (2)  Below 30th (867)  Check/UnCheck All    Chelsea (143)   Chinatown (12)   East Village (286)   Financial District (7)   Flatiron (14)   Gramercy Park (46)   Greenwich Village (92)   Little Italy (3)   Lower East Side (150)   Meatpacking District (5)   Noho (12)   Soho (24)   Tribeca (12)   West Village (61)  Brooklyn (216)  Check/UnCheck All    Brooklyn (149)   Brooklyn Heights (3)   Coney Island (1)   Dumbo (7)   Fort Greene (19)   Greenpoint (2)   Park Slope (19)   Prospect Heights (1)   Red Hook (1)   Williamsburg (14)  Elsewhere (5)  Check/UnCheck All    New Jersey (4)   Staten Island (1)  Long Island (5)  Check/UnCheck All    Long Island (5)  Midtown (269)  Check/UnCheck All    East 40s (3)   East 50s (8)   Garment District (6)   Murray Hill (25)   West 40s (130)   West 50s (97)  Out of Town (1)  Check/UnCheck All    Out of Town (1)  Queens (34)  Check/UnCheck All    Astoria (12)   Cambria Heights (1)   Far Rockaway (1)   Flushing (3)   Forest Hills (1)   Glen Oaks (4)   Jamaica (1)   Long Island City (11)  The Bronx (20)  Check/UnCheck All    Bronx (6)   City Island (12)   Mott Haven (1)   Riverdale (1)  Upper East (33)  Check/UnCheck All    East 60s (4)   East 70s (1)   East 80s (26)   East 90s (1)   Roosevelt Island (1)  Upper West (98)  Check/UnCheck All    West 100s (9)   West 60s (36)   West 70s (43)   West 80s (1)   West 90s (9)  Calendar of Events in New York Tuesday, August 27 Molotov  Irving Plaza Mexicos Molotov saw the impending apocalypse of late 90s rap-metal without fear simply because they knew the diversity of their music would save them. How else could they sing so cheerfully that El mundo se va a acabar on 1999s aptly-titled Apocalypshit? They always matched their American peers macho juvenilia, but Molotov transcended their purported... Read more about this event  Kurt Braunohler  The Bell House Earlier this year, Kurt Braunohler, known for such bizarre projects as the comedy series Penelope Princess of Pets with Kristen Schaal, had possibly one of his wackiest ideas ever. After raising $6,000 on Kickstarter, he hired a pilot to write How do I land? across the sky over L.A. Though the message quickly disappeared, it went viral online, receiving more than 1 million... Read more about this event  Fred Frith & Laurie Anderson  The Stone The brilliant British avant-guitar innovator (Henry Cow, Art Bears, etc.) kicks off a six-night residency with a pricier-than-usual improvisatory canoodle with violinist-vocalist Laurie Anderson. Return later in the week, when Frith leads a trio (Wednesday), confronts John Zorn (Thursday at 8), and plays a solo set probably involving table guitar (Thursday at 10). Read more about this event  Nick Turner & Ted Leo  The Bell House The post-post-punk worlds answer to what a singer-songwriter should sound like, Ted Leo, makes a special appearance at tonights record release party for comedian Kurt Braunohler. He will bring a sincere, heartfelt alternative to the often trite and ironic musings of funnymen, and fellow guests, Todd Barry, Eugene Mirman, Hannibal Buress, and Nick Turner. Luckily Leo has a... Read more about this event  Bruce High Quality Foundation  Brooklyn Museum United by their contempt for the "star-making machinery of the art market," the Bruce High Quality Foundation, an anonymous group of mostly Cooper Union grads, formed in 2004 to poke fun at the establishment. Named for a fictional artist (Bruce High Quality) who died on 9/11, the group runs a free, unaccredited art school (The Bruce High Quality Foundation University), hosts the biennial show... Read more about this event  More Tuesday Events >> Wednesday, August 28 John Mayer+Phillip Phillips  Nikon at Jones Beach Theater John Mayer will not relax or settle, bouncing from hard rock to jazz to pop to blues on the backs of fluid guitar figures that are less lyrical or prodigal than understatedly emotive. He's like a MOR Pied Piper, this guy, with the doofy lyrics, the sad eyes, the sometimes amusing facial hair, the wishy-washy Katy Perry romance. Laugh at him now, but he'll be laughing at you long after you're... Read more about this event  Danielle Grabianowski  The Duplex Its amazing how often one-of-a-kind performers draw their influence from any number of one-of-a-kind predecessors. Heres a explosive example whose stuff finds a way to be both unique and yet echo that of numerous others. She gets her kicks by pulling material from as many past and current decades as time permits. The result is non-stop delectable. Read more about this event  Mac DeMarco  East River Park Amphitheater A few days before eclectic rock firecracker Mac DeMarco lights up the Captured Tracks label's CT5 Festival this weekend, he's playing a special free set tonight at East River Park, and seeing him live is always a treat. Although the two critically acclaimed records he released last year ooze shambolic moodiness, his live shows are just shambolic, full of funny in-jokes that he actually lets... Read more about this event  Monogold+Slonk Donkerson+Bad Cop+Plastic Visions+Of the Opera  Pianos The frenetic, driving rock-pop of Monogold has earned these Brooklynites a reputation as one of the best live bands in the borough. Their paint-splatter indie rock will have you tapping your feet and bobbing your head in no time, but there's no metal or hard rock edge here. Expect guitar solos that spiral into the ether without ever fully evaporating. Read more about this event  Emeli Sande  Central Park, Rumsey Playfield Emeli Sande built a name for herself in the UK by lending her powerhouse vocals to tracks from emerging rappers like Wiley and producer Naughty Boy. After signing with EMI, Sande won a string of awards, moved to London, and released her debut album, Our Version of the Events in early 2012. Still touring off the strength of that release, Sande blends pop, soul, jazz, and blues in a crisp... Read more about this event  Holly Williams  The Cutting Room Female country singers have been evolving over the past few years, and despite her old-school pedigree Holly Williams manages to imbue her music with such a decidedly modern approach. Yes, Hank Williams is her grandfather and Hank Jr. her father, so Holly was born into a poetic lineage, but those who cry nepotism haven't taken a listen to her freight train vocals or heard her storytelling.... Read more about this event  Breakfast With Mugabe  Jewel Box Theater Any experienced psychiatrist will expect to encounter a range of patients, some straightforward, some difficult. It seems safe to assume that Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe belongs in the latter category and Fraser Graces play imagines the autocrats interactions with an analyst hired to ease his troubled mind. Read more about this event  Stranger Debris Roll Roll Roll  New Museum of Contemporary Art New Jerseyborn artist Erika Vogt has created a minefield inside the New Museums lobby gallery, except here the hazards are floating all around you. Stranger Debris Roll Roll Roll is the first museum solo show by the CalArts and Whitney Biennial alumna, whose past works have explored the ritual use and exchange of objects. With an array of cast plaster and found... Read more about this event  More Wednesday Events >> Thursday, August 29 Larry Harlow and the Latin Legends Band  East River Park Amphitheater As house producer and arranger of some 300 albums during Fania Records' golden age, Harlow was "El Judo Maravilloso"the marvelous Jewof modern salsa. The former acid rocker also composed Hommy the Who-inspired salsa opera featuring Celia Cruz. The pianist's Latin Legends Band upholds that sound in all its brawny brass-and-percussion majesty. Read more about this event  New York Jets vs. Philadelphia Eagles  MetLife Stadium This is just preseason, but both teams are desperate to iron out their quarterback problems. The Eagles are going with the always exciting and always erratic Michael Vick, and the injury to Mark Sanchez means the rookie Geno Smith has to step up fast. The Jets will also have to make a quick decision as to who will be the No. 3 QB. Jets fans can look forward to: the return of Santonio Holmes,... Read more about this event  Zero Boys+Night Birds+Nuclear Santa Claust+SpEd  Europa Night Club Indianapolis' Zero Boys were among the have-nots of American second-wave punk, its catalogue a subsistence diet of urgent, upended blasts of tuneful mucus. Because they broke up before amassing enough material to allow anyone to define an ascent or decline, there's a sort of eternal mystery of possibility surrounding the band. These days they're making the reunion rounds in the distant wake... Read more about this event  'The Halftime Show: 89.1 WNYU 15th Anniversary Party' w/ DJ Eclipse+DJ Riz+DJ Premier+Stretch Armstrong  Le Poisson Rouge Whatd Nas say? The real rap comes at halftime? He had no idea: Four years after the release of Illmatic, DJ Eclipse of the Rock Steady Crew and Crooklyn Clan don DJ Riz debuted their Halftime Show, breaking artists and broadcasting the sound of the streets over WNYUs 89.1 FM, and 15 years after that, theyre coming to nearby Le Poisson Rouge to celebrate their crystal... Read more about this event  Francisco Mora-Catlett & Afro Horn  Zinc Bar Conceived while Mexican-American drummer Francisco Mora-Catlett was living and working with Sun Ra, Afro Horn infuses Cuban rhythms with an avant-garde sensibility more oriented toward transcendence than disassociation. It grooves hard with the help of a band that usually includes saxophonists Abraham Burton, Alex Harding and J.D. Allen, pianist Anthony Wonsey, bassist Radu Ben Judah, and... Read more about this event  Here Is Where We Jump  El Museo Del Barrio Its been turbulent times at El Museo del Barrio, where they recently cut back on hours and staff and are facing charges of gender discrimination brought by former director Margarita Aguilar. But with their major biennial opening today, all that is put aside to make room for what matters most: the work. La Bienal 2013, titled Here Is Where We Jump, brings together 37... Read more about this event  Taj Mahal  City Winery At 71, Taj Mahal still tours more than 150 days out of the year. Maybe it's his dietthe guitarist holds a degree in agronomy and animal husbandry and prides himself on being able to apply spice to his cooking the same way he applies it to his blues lines. Never one to follow the recipe, multiculturalism abounds for the serial genre cross-pollinator, who remains a blues man to the core... Read more about this event  More Thursday Events >> Friday, August 30 Bat For Lashes+Barbarian  Webster Hall A few days before Natasha Khan, the woman behind Bat for Lashes' temperamental and touching electro-pop, opens for Depeche Mode at the Barclays Center, she's making a rare headlining performance. Her latest record, The Haunted Man, was one of the best of 2012, thanks in part to melancholy, PJ Harveyish piano ruminations like "Laura" and the single "All Your Gold," both of which seem to... Read more about this event  YACHT  Music Hall of Williamsburg Jona Bechtolt is more of an all-around artist than strictly a musician. After forming the Blow with Khaela Maricich, Bechtolt struck off on his own to form YACHT, a largely instrumental and experimental project. Now, Bechtolt is involved with several other groups and art-based collectives, YACHT has become a duo with the addition of vocalist Claire L. Evan. Expect arty pop and weird riffs... Read more about this event  Diarrhea Planet+The So So Glos  The Mercury Lounge Trapped between the moon and New York City, Diarrhea Planet will slide into Manhattan to try to convince people that their take on scuzzy, fuzzy indie rock is better than (or at least as good as) their name. But judging from the buzz around the bandmuch more buzz than any excretorily named band deserves (as opposed to, say, Bathtub Shitter and the Shitty Beatles)they might be able... Read more about this event  Re-Animator  Film Society of Lincoln Center - Elinor Bunin Munroe Film Center Stuart Gordons 1985 slash-and-laugh fest Re-Animator is certainly the strangest H.P. Lovecraft adaptation, but who says its not relatable, too? At its core is just another roommate horror storyhe bickers with your girlfriend, you find your dead cat in his freezer, he drags you to the morgue to conduct weird experiments late at night. But where the rest of us might be... Read more about this event  Kings  Nuyorican Poets Cafe Graffiti today doesnt rise to the colorfully epidemic proportions of past decades, but extralegal spray painting remains a popular pastime. But at Anna Governalis play at Nuyorican Poets, its more than just a hobby. In this drama, young Israel "Izzy" Flores throws up his tags in an attempt to locate his lost mother. Read more about this event  Llyn Foulkes  New Museum of Contemporary Art The L.A. gothic is as unlikely a sub-genre as they come. But there you have ita varied collective of auteurs like David Lynch, Joan Didion, and Tim Burton unearthing a weird, dark dread in the land of sun and fun. Llyn Foulkes is a logical counterpart in the realm of visual art. Instead of going for the hellish, oppressive heat one might expect, his desert landscapes feel somehow... Read more about this event  Ellsworth Kelly: Chatham Series  Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) On May 31, the great American abstract artist Ellsworth Kelly, who is still hard at work in his studio, turns 90. To celebrate, several museums around the country are putting together exhibitions, and, for its part, MOMA hosts Ellsworth Kelly: Chatham Series. Chatham is the name of the small town in upstate New York where Kelly retreated to in 1970 after living and working in... Read more about this event  Electric Zoo  Randall's Island Can a festival lineup ever become overwhelmingly strong? If so, this is it, as tonights Electric Zoo lineup features not only Avicii, Baauer, Knife Party, Skrillex & Boys Noize, and Danny Tenaglia, but all of them playing at the same time. That madness runs from about 9 to 11, but the good stuff starts as early as 2:45, when French turntablist trio Birdy Nam Nam and British garage whiz... Read more about this event  The Wonderful Remix of OZ  13th Street Repertory Company L. Frank Baum wrote more than 14 books in the Oz series, but subsequent adaptors keep on returning to the original. This latest version, by Jeannette Jaquish and Hollie Klem, gives the fantasy tale a Sex and the City spin, stranding tornado-blown Dorothy in a wonderland that looks an awful lot like Manhattan. Read more about this event  Fred Frith  The Stone It doesnt happen often these days. The revered British string improvisers visits to town are few and far between, so this stretch of dates, along with a mid-September hit at Roulette, are genuine events. His vocabulary for solo recitals is some of the most engaging guitar-speak around, and hes trying out a handful of trios and duets as well. Of course, the high-vis pow... Read more about this event  stop. reset  Signature Theatre Co With the rise of e-books, the question of how much longer traditional book publishing can hold out is the timely subject of writer-director Regina Taylors new play, stop. reset. At Chicagos oldest African-American book publishing company, owner Alex Ames goes about the unpleasant task of quizzing his employees to determine who has the skills to keep up with the rapidly changing... Read more about this event  More Friday Events >> Saturday, August 31 Omar Souleyman+Bobb Trimble+75 Dollar Bill+Steve Gunn  Pioneer Works Omar Souleyman is a legendary Syrain folk singer, fusing breakneck tempos of modern electronic pop with vocals that wouldn't be out of place at a traditional wedding. It's celebratory music set to reach an even wider audience when his Four Tet-produced new album is released this fall, but for now revel in this rare U.S. appearance at Pioneer Works to kick off the anniversary of the Issue... Read more about this event  Dixon+Joey Anderson+Francis Harris  Output When he plays at Electric Zoo, the Berlin-based DJ and founder of Innervisions label Dixon is practically an afterthought, shunted to a side stage and given barely an hour to play. At Output's afterparty, however, he's the marquee attraction, with ample time and comparative intimacy to highlight his slow burn take on psychedelic house. Support comes from Jersey native and cerebral techno jock... Read more about this event  James Turrell  Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum Its tough to think of a better museum to showcase the light and space experiments of James Turrell than the spiraling rotunda of Frank Lloyd Wrights Guggenheim Museum. Best known for his ongoing transformation of the Roden Crater in Arizona into a massive naked-eye observatory, Turrell will present Aten Reign, a new work that will play with light, color, space, and the... Read more about this event  Robert Pruitt: "Women"  Studio Museum Harlem In one painting a black woman wears a white, knee-length, feathery skirt paired with red Adidas tennis shoes and a red Adidas windbreaker. She is standing fierce, firm on the ground in a soldier-like pose. This is the work of Houston-based artist Robert Pruitt, which he presents through nearly 20 large-scale drawings in the Studio Museum exhibit titled Women. It combines... Read more about this event  CT5 Festival  The Wick Over the past five years, the Brooklyn-based independent record label Captured Tracks has given a platform to a creative roster of artists who are redefining postmodern music. This weekend, the label celebrates its half-decade of decadence by spotlighting a wide range of its forward-thinking acts at its own two-day CT5 Festival at Brooklyns beer-centric venue the Wick. Saturday... Read more about this event  More Saturday Events >> Sunday, September 01 Machel Montano+Mavado+Konshens  Webster Hall You already know how hype the West Indian American Day Parade on Labor Day gets, starting on Brooklyns Eastern Parkway and looping down Flatbush Avenue, but if youre looking for some pre-parade after-hours fun, Webster Halls annual 5 Alarm Blaze party is going to be tough to beat. Where last year the venue hosted the respective kings of soca and... Read more about this event  Breakfast With Mugabe  Jewel Box Theater Any experienced psychiatrist will expect to encounter a range of patients, some straightforward, some difficult. It seems safe to assume that Zimbabwean leader Robert Mugabe belongs in the latter category and Fraser Graces play imagines the autocrats interactions with an analyst hired to ease his troubled mind. Read more about this event  Stranger Debris Roll Roll Roll  New Museum of Contemporary Art New Jerseyborn artist Erika Vogt has created a minefield inside the New Museums lobby gallery, except here the hazards are floating all around you. Stranger Debris Roll Roll Roll is the first museum solo show by the CalArts and Whitney Biennial alumna, whose past works have explored the ritual use and exchange of objects. With an array of cast plaster and found... Read more about this event  The Hill Town Plays  Multiple venues I could only have imagined this happening, if I was lucky, when Im in my seventies, playwright Lucy Thurber told The New York Times. Thurber was selected as the first playwright to receive a retrospective in Rattlesticks inaugural Theater: Village festival, which will annually put on five plays simultaneously at various venues linked together by a... Read more about this event  Tootie Heath, Ethan Iverson, & Ben Street  Village Vanguard The members of this inter-generational trio milk each others fortes on the new Tooties Tempo, meaning swing and swagger overlap, yesterday high fives tomorrow, and poignancy nibbles on the ear of playfulness. Theres plenty of breathing room when the Bad Plus pianist connects with 78-year-old drum legend, and along with bassist Streets signature agility, they make... Read more about this event  More Sunday Events >> Monday, September 02 Pier 2s Pop-Up Pool  Brooklyn Bridge Park Today is officially the end of frolicking in summer sun. But before you put your swimsuit away, take one last dip at Pier 2s Pop-Up Pool. The Beach and Lizzmonade Brooklyn is open, serving up fresh artisanal lemonades made to order. And after 6, fresh fruit sangria, craft beer, and wine are on offer, along with activities like trivia and bocce ball hosted on-site. Read more about this event  Fools Gold Day Off NY  Williamsburg Park Captured Tracks isnt the only Brooklyn-based record label capitalizing on the extended Labor Day weekend; Brooklyn-based hip-hop and electronic music label Fools Gold is setting up camp at Williamsburg Park on Monday for its annual Fools Gold Day Off NY festival. Over the course of eight hours, 11 of the labels most-likely-to-move-a-crowd artists and some... Read more about this event  Snarky Puppy  Brooklyn Bowl Forged in the jazz labs of Denton, Texas, this hard-touring big band reclaims the ground where sophisticated jazz meets music for dancing. Led by composer-bassist Michael League, Snarky Puppy dazzles without the useless razzle. League keeps things taut yet homey with driving percussion, playfully Polyester analog synth lines, the occasional Brazilian tinge, and solos of refreshing concision.... Read more about this event  More Monday Events >> About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Things To Do App Advertising Contact Us National Classified Infographics Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? Careers 2013 Village Voice, LLC, All rights reserved.  Loading...  