 Members Business  Finance Car Buying Scam Using PayPal Seller beware if planning on selling a car on the internet. Posted by Dawn Sutton | Last updated: Mar 25, 2013   8  Car for Sale When Sarah recently placed an ad on several popular websites trying to sell a two year old car with low mileage, she received emails from interested buyers almost immediately. Sarah was convinced her car would be sold and she would have the much needed cash in hand in no time. She was surprised how similar some of these emails appeared. The interested parties wanted to buy the car through PayPal only and they were emailing from a distant location that prevented them from transferring a payment any other way. One person said they were a crew member with Air Canada and another person said they were conveniently 'at sea.' It also seemed odd that the buyers asked redundant questions such as the asking price when it was listed right on the ad, or they would ask for pictures even though photos were provided. These potential buyers promised to pay the full price through PayPal without ever seeing the car in person or taking it for a test-drive. Each person had a “pick-up agent” that would pick up the car once the payment was processed. When Sarah told each of these prospective buyers that she would only accept cash, every one of them discontinued communication with her. She called PayPal to try to find out if this was a recent common scam and how it worked. How the Car Buying Scam Works Through PayPal PayPal informed her that some clients purchase an expensive item and then do what they call a “charge-back” – that is they call their credit card company afterward to inform them that they will not authorize that charge. Even though PayPal assured her that she would receive her payment, once a credit card company refuses a charge, then there will be a dispute that could take who knows how long to settle. She went online and looked for examples of this car buying scam and came across Gerry Gainford’s article. Gerry was asked to send money via Western Union to a shipping company in England to cover pick-up fees of his car. The buyer sent a verification email from a “mail2pay.com” address to an email account that was not associated with any PayPal account for several thousands of dollars. He was then told that PayPal wouldn’t release such a large sum until he sent the money to his shippers through Western Union. The Western Union website urges consumers to protect themselves from fraud in the following ways: Never send money to someone you do not know personally using a money transfer service. Do not use money transfer services to pay for online auction purchases. Taxes or fees on foreign lottery winnings should never be paid for through money transfer services. Never send a payment in the name of a friend or relative with the intention of changing the name to someone you do not know personally. If you think you might have been a victim of fraud, you can contact Western Union at 1-800-448-1492. Sources: Western Union (Accessed March 19, 2010) Gainford blog (Accessed March 19, 2010) PayPal Security Center (Accessed March 20, 2010) Recommend this About the author  Dawn Sutton Suite101 contributor Member since Mar 2, 2010 7 posts 8  Join the discussion View the discussion thread. what others are reading 0 The Trends and Geography of U.S. Women Who Have Never Married Posted by Lindsay Withers  0 Exploring Medicaid Birth Statistics by U.S. State Posted by Lindsay Withers  0 Volunteers - Who Volunteers and Where Do They Volunteer? Posted by Tom Raley  0 Accounting 101 – Calculating Expense to Gross Profit Percentage Posted by James Clausen  0 Why SAT Scores Should be Compared with Caution Posted by Harvey Craft  More on this topic Can Changing Advertising Slogans Be a Change for the Better? By Mark Schneider  Equity Swap: Start-up Businesses Swapping Services for Shares By Guy Lecky-Thompson  How to Get a Restaurant Listed on Google Maps By Greyson Ferguson  Stay Connected with Reinvented Telephony by Google Voice By Kim White  Clean Data Inconsistencies Quickly and Easily with Google Refine By Kim White  About Terms Contact Suite101 is one of the web's largest independent publishers, home to more than 20,000 experts, writers, teachers and travelers since 1996. Made in Vancouver, Canada.  