 SUBSCRIBE TO OUR RSS FEED FOLLOW US ON TWITTER ADD US ON FACEBOOK Follow Us  home news entertainment lifestyle humor male ego All Sections Community Mainstream Misc Stuff Offbeat politics 30 Interesting True Facts That Will Increase Your Knowledge July 1st, 2013 Drunken Man Wakes On Top Of 70ft Bridge June 13th, 2013 Naked Man Fights People In San Francisco Subway While Doing Acrobatics *NSFW VIDEO* June 13th, 2013 The 10 Fantastically Funny Animal Puns April 8th, 2013 30 Adorable Animals With Their Miniature Versions April 2nd, 2013 games Movies Music TV The 20 Best Things about Rihanna's Fashion July 1st, 2013 Sexy Photos Of Leyla Ghobadi, The Woman Kanye West Allegedly Cheated On Kim Kardashian With June 13th, 2013 30 Ridiculously Funny Captioned Images April 10th, 2013 20 Kick Ass Women Every Woman Wants To Be Like March 21st, 2013 The 20 Bootylicious Gif Moments of Nicki Minaj March 14th, 2013 Art Style Technology Amazingly Realistic Body Art Illusions by Chooo San April 6th, 2013 20 Amazingly Impressive Matchheads by David Mach April 1st, 2013 30 Sexiest Rock Climbing Babes March 29th, 2013 The 15 Incredibly Creative Tea Infusers March 25th, 2013 20 Motivational Fitness Quotes to Get You Back Towards Workout March 1st, 2013 Funny Gifs Funny Pictures Funny Videos What's Wrong With Kids These Days? February 13th, 2013 Stop Talking To Me February 13th, 2013 The 20 Without Question Funniest Rage Comics on Internet February 11th, 2013 I'm Not Playing Hard To Get February 6th, 2013 I'm Proficent In 3 Languages February 6th, 2013 Babes Dating Sex Sexy Photos Of Leyla Ghobadi, The Woman Kanye West Allegedly Cheated On Kim Kardashian With June 13th, 2013 Glamour Model Imogen Thomas in Lingerie April 18th, 2013 Kim Cloutier Flaunting Her Stunning Curves in Lingerie April 18th, 2013 The Hottest Photos of Lizzy Barter April 18th, 2013 The Hottest Photos of Luisana Lopilato April 10th, 2013 News Mainstream Misc Stuff Offbeat politics Entertainment games Movies Music TV Lifestyle Art Style Technology Humor Funny Gifs Funny Pictures Funny Videos Male Ego Babes Dating Sex Left right Entertainment The 20 Best Things about Rihanna's Fashion Robyn Rihanna known mononymously as Rihanna is a Barbadian recording artist and actress. She was born in Saint Michael, Barbados. At age of 16, she moved to the US for pursue a recording career under Written By Sarah Sexy Photos Of Leyla Ghobadi, The Woman Kanye West Allegedly Cheated On Kim Kardashian With Written By Maurice 30 Ridiculously Funny Captioned Images Written By Sarah 20 Kick Ass Women Every Woman Wants To Be Like Written By Sarah The 20 Bootylicious Gif Moments of Nicki Minaj Written By Sarah  humor What's Wrong With Kids These Days? Stop Talking To Me The 20 Without Question Funniest Rage Comics on Internet I'm Not Playing Hard To Get Male Ego Sexy Photos Of Leyla Ghobadi, The Woman Kanye West Allegedly Cheated On Kim Kardashian With Written By Maurice Glamour Model Imogen Thomas in Lingerie Written By Sarah Kim Cloutier Flaunting Her Stunning Curves in Lingerie Written By Sarah The Hottest Photos of Lizzy Barter Written By Sarah The Hottest Photos of Luisana Lopilato Written By Sarah Lifestyle Amazingly Realistic Body Art Illusions by Chooo San Written By Sarah 20 Amazingly Impressive Matchheads by David Mach Written By Sarah 30 Sexiest Rock Climbing Babes Written By Sarah The 15 Incredibly Creative Tea Infusers Written By Sarah 20 Motivational Fitness Quotes to Get You Back Towards Workout Written By Sarah news 30 Interesting True Facts That Will Increase Your Knowledge Written By Sarah Here we have some really interesting random facts that will of course increase your general knowledge. - [Read More] Drunken Man Wakes On Top Of 70ft Bridge Written By Maurice Iva Tolvich, 28, has one of the best drunken night stories to tell his friend, after passing out halfway up a 70ft high bridge in Belgrade Serbia. Tolvich, a future AA member, after a crazy night of wild drinking decided he couldn’t make the trip - [Read More] Naked Man Fights People In San Francisco Subway While Doing Acrobatics *NSFW VIDEO* Written By Maurice Naked man identified as Yeiner Garaizabalo, 24, a former circus acrobat was recorded terrorizing people in the 16th Street BART station in San Francisco last month. Yeiner Garaizabalo who also goes by the name of Yeiner Perez, was filmed randomly attacking people then stopping to perform - [Read More] The 10 Fantastically Funny Animal Puns Written By Sarah I always love to know something about animals. And when I read something funny about animals it makes me more happy and cool. Here is a compilation of 10 animal puns with full of humor. I'm sure you will enjoy! - [Read More] 30 Adorable Animals With Their Miniature Versions Written By Sarah Lets try to handle the cuteness of these adorable animals who are enjoying moments with mini versions of themselves. via - [Read More] 20 Amazingly Impressive Matchheads by David Mach Written By Sarah Artist David Mach creates amazing sculptures using matchsticks. He has been building matchstick sculptures for over 30 years. In the early 1980s Mach started to create smaller-scale works assembled using thousands of matchsticks pressed into a clay mold to form the likeness of Charlie Chaplin, Marilyn - [Read More] The 20 Ugliest Animals on Earth Written By Sarah In this list I’m talking about physical ugliness, not internal, so don’t even bother mentioning your most hated left or right wing politician or celebrity in the comments. Well, question is that do any of our readers have already owned any of these animals as - [Read More] 15 Gifs Proving That Cats are Dicks Written By Sarah Your cat doesn't care that you are tired or want to read the paper, it is hungry and not going to let you rest until that food dish is full. Even then, it is probably still going to later dart between your legs as you - [Read More] Brazilians Bidding Over $100k To Take Sex Doll’s Virginity Written By Maurice How much money would you pay for a one night stand with a virgin? How about if the virgin was a sex doll? Hundreds of people in Brazil are bidding 10s-of-thousands on the opportunity to have sex with the worlds first life-like sex doll. An - [Read More] Too Cute to Handle: The Cutest Squirrel Pictures on the Internet Written By Sarah A Red Squirrel enjoying some nuts in the falling snow. Is there any animal that looks better in these conditions? Simon Phillpotts a wildlife photographer based in the beautiful Yorkshire Dales National Park in northern England. I try and work as locally as possible finding - [Read More] Woman Arrested For Going Door-To-Door Selling VHS Porn Tapes Written By Maurice In these economical times, and a desperate need for money, people are tying to make money whoever they can. Jeannette Ellis was one of those people. Ellis decided to be a door-to-door sales woman. Jeanette Ellis, 52, was arrested in Gaffney, S.C. trying to sell - [Read More] The 20 Epic Parenting Fail Gif Moments on the Internet Written By Sarah Being a mom or dad is not an easy job for everyone. Here we have a proof of 22 hilarious parenting fail gifs that stupid people don't deserve to be parents. Cause these parents are ridiculously doing everything wrong. gif via gif via gif via - [Read More] Boy Gets Bicycle Stuck In Anus Written By Maurice This must be every cyclist nightmare, though I doubt many of them would even think this would be possible! Unfortunately for one rider this actually happened. A Chinese student cycling to his first day of school got seriously injured when somehow his seat bent back - [Read More] 20 Reasons Adding Parents On Facebook can Get You in Embarrassing Situations Written By Sarah If you are at facebook and you have added your mom and dad in your fiends list then guys,I'm going to warn you that you are face some embarrassing situations soon. My pure advice to you is "Remove Your Parents" from your facebook as soon - [Read More]   Recent Activity Cool Links  Categories Arts  Style Entertainment LifeStyle News Offbeat Tech Talk Information Contact Us Copyright Privacy Policy Business Our Friends Banned in Hollywod BooyaPictures Daily Fun Facebook Covers Hack College Hail Mary Jane HapHappy I Can Has Internets PopJolly TVOvermind Uber Humor TVHackr Our Network Awesome Cosplay EgoHype Failing Parent FitBodyHype Free Games HypeHumor Junky Joint Youre A Failure  2013 SocialHype Maurice Cox 