 Serving Stroudsburg, Bartonsville, and the Greater Pennsylvania Area Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets 1167 N 9th Street, Stroudsburg, PA 18360 877-891-8459 130 Route 611, Bartonsville, PA 18321 877-715-4930 Home Inventory Search Used Trade Appraisal Find My Car Pre-Owned Specials Abeloff Advantage 100 Warranty GM Certified Program Nissan Certified Program Finance Get Pre-approved About Us Meet Our Staff Abeloff Advantage Rewards Job Openings Employment Application Contact Us Click Here to View All Our Inventory!   Click on the Images Below to find out more about our Certified Warranties with 100,000 mile coverage! Specials  Current Finance Specials: Rates as low as 1.99% on Certified Pre-Owned vehicles!! Contact Us Today for more details! Copyright @ 2013 by DealerOn | Sitemap | Privacy | Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets | 1167 N 9th Street Stroudsburg PA 18360 | 877-891-8459 Group Models: All Models, New Inventory , Used Inventory , Resources Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets serving Stroudsburg & Bartonsville Pennsylvania offer great low prices, rebates, and incentives for used and certified pre-owned cars, vans and SUVs to all of our neighbors in Stroudsburg, Bartonsville, Allentown, Wilkes-Barre, and Scranton. We at Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets, serving Stroudsburg & Bartonsville Pennsylvania, look forward to serving your pre-owned vehicle needs and we hope that we can help you with your next used or certified pre-owned vehicle purchase. We have helped customers from Stroudsburg, Bartonsville, Allentown, Wilkes-Barre, and Scranton with their used vehicle needs and we look forward to helping you. Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets in Stroudsburg & Bartonsville Pennsylvania are two of the premier Certified Pre-owned dealers of Certified Pre-owned & used vehicles in Stroudsburg, Bartonsville, Allentown, Wilkes-Barre, Scranton. We carry the most complete selection of used and Certified Pre-owned vehicles available in Pennsylvania. At Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets in Stroudsburg & Bartonsville Pennsylvania, we are your one stop shop for all your used vehicle needs. At Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets, customer service is our number one priority. If you plan to buy used vehicle, you will always find the lowest prices and the best service at Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets. No other Pre-owned dealership in Pennsylvania sells more used and Certified Pre-owned vehicles and has more satisfied customers then Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets Because of our outstanding service and low, low prices, customers travel from all over Pennsylvania to visit Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets. Customers travel from cities such as Stroudsburg, Bartonsville, Allentown, Wilkes-Barre, Scranton because they know they wont find a better deal on a used or Certified Pre-owned vehicle than at Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets. At Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets, we offer the best deals on used vehicles than at any other Pre-owned dealer in Pennsylvania We hope that you find our website helpful to your Pre-owned vehicle needs. Although Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets serving Stroudsburg & Bartonsville don't stay open 24 hours a day, the Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets website does. On our website you can research the used or Certified Pre-owned car, truck, or SUV van that we offer at the lowest prices, request a vehicle price quote, find the value for your trade, view pictures and data about the Pre-owned models, learn about our latest specials on used and Certified Pre-owned cars that we sell. Whether you are from Stroudsburg, Bartonsville, Allentown, Wilkes-Barre, or Scranton we hope you will give us a chance to show how Abeloff Certified Auto Outlets are the best used and Certified Pre-owned dealerships serving all of Stroudsburg & Bartonsville.  