 An Auto Bill of Sale document transfers of interest in an automobile from a private Seller to the Buyer. Bill of sale form records a purchase - sale transfer of vehicle, automobile, car, auto Legal Document Preparation Service   LEGAL INFORMATION LEGAL DICTIONARY LAWYER DIRECTORY Federal and State laws require the seller of the used vehicle to certify the odometer mileage of a car. Seller have to deliver the title to a Buyer. Bill of Sale is not an acceptable proof of ownership without other proofs  LEGAL FORM SERVICE FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS LEGAL ARTICLES & NEWS FIND LAWYER CONTACT US ACCESS MY ACCOUNT  LEGAL DOCUMENT SERVICE Bill of Sale  Power of Attorney  Health Care Directive  Living Will  Prenuptial Agreement  Living Trust  Promissory Note  Divorce Online  Immigration Forms  Credit Report    LEGAL RESOURCES  Legal Dictionary Find a Lawyer or Law Firm Law Books Legal News & Crime Stories Government Forms & Docs Discussion Board Legal RSS / ATOM Feeds    Selling / Buying an Automobile  WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT SELLING / BUYING YOUR CAR An Auto Bill of Sale documents transfer of interest in an automobile from a private Seller to the Buyer. It also provides proof that the purchaser paid a certain amount of money for the vehicle, and that the seller received it. Having this contract in writing may allow you to avoid a potential lawsuit for breach of an oral agreement, as long as all terms between the seller and the buyer are written down and signed by both parties. Title Transfer : Federal Law requires the Seller to deliver the title to the Buyer. A Seller who is delivering the title to the Buyer must sign it in the reassignment portion on the title, releasing interest in the vehicle. If the title transfer is not taking place in a DMV Office, an individual should complete the notice of transfer (located at the very bottom of the title). This portion by itself does not transfer the title; however it notifies the DMV of a transfer pending and the DMV will not renew the registration in the current owner's name until the transfer has taken place. The new owner must give the original Bill of Sale to the DMV with the other acceptable proofs of ownership required. A Bill of Sale is not an acceptable proof of ownership without other proofs. The acceptable proof of ownership is a title certificate from any state. If the vehicle is transferred as a gift, indicate this on the Bill of Sale and indicate that the purchase price is $0.  Make sure that the information listed on the title certificate is not altered, erased or changed. If any information is altered, erased or changed, the current owner must get a duplicate title certificate and use the duplicate to transfer the ownership to you. Odometer Disclosure Statement : Federal and State laws require the seller of the used vehicle to certify the odometer mileage of a vehicle that is less than ten years old. If you fail to release the odometer reading or issue a false statement fines and even imprisonment may be applied. You do not need an odometer disclosure statement if your car is: 10 years old or older; non-motorized; weighs more than 16,000 pounds (gross vehicle weight). You will need to submit this statement to the local DMV at the time you apply for your title. Please note that the seller and the buyer must both sign the odometer statement. Please note that different states have different rules as to when the transfer fees are due. In many states penalties are assessed if payment is not received by DMV within 30 days of the "sale.", or even earlier.  To better understand Bill of Sale related issues the following related information may be of interest to you. Understanding the Bill of Sale When could a Bill of Sale be useful for you? Top page  NEWS  Selling / Buying a Car An Auto Bill of Sale documents transfer of interest in an automobile from a private Seller to the Buyer ...  Bill of Sale could be useful for you If you want to sell your personal property (vehicle, bike, furniture, jewelry) to another ...  Understanding Power of Attorney A Power of Attorney can cover simple tasks like writing or endorsing checks. It can also ...  Why Texas Bans the Sale of Tesla Cars Yahoo! News That's a dig at the traditional middlemen in the car-buying experience: the car dealers. Musk wants to ... “It takes them at least twice as much effort to sell someone an electric car and to educate them as to why an electric car is good,” said Musk ... Selling your used car ConsumerAffairs ... that you will get more for it in a private sale. So you wash it, detail it and place an ad on Craigslist. But is that all there is to it? There seems to be plenty of advice for consumers who are buying a car but very little for those who are trying ...  TESTIMONIALS Thanks for the quick service! I am very impressed with the speed and quality of your products and service. My husband is stationed in San Antonio, TX and I am trying to move us from NC to TX by myself- this power of attorney helped tremendously with so little complication! Thanks again! Kimberly S., TX  Thank you so much. I appreciate your service and will continue to do business. Didi S, NC  In a minite I got the power of attorney I need. Incredible website. Will use again. Nicolas G., PA  Thanks for your prompt responce. Did not even expect you to be that quick and attentive. Your customer service is superb. George A., NY  Thank you for your service, you just earned a customer for life. Ms. Dove, OR  LEGAL INFORMATION LEGAL FORMS SITEMAP LEGAL FEEDS LEGAL BLOGS LEGAL DISCLAIMER CONTACT US  