 Skip to main content Your Future in Automotive Register / Login Main menu Home Education Advice University Guide Student Journal Competitions Travelling Fellowship Student Congress Career Advice Jobs & Internships Travel Bursary Contact Us YOUR EDUCATION Studying at school, college or university? We’ve got the essential information to help you with those all‐important choices and some fun stuff too!  YOUR CAREER Interview tips, careers guidance and all the advice you need to get your career in the automotive industry moving, and fast.  LATEST Tweets by @FISITAtweets  FISITA 2014 Islands of Excellence  Student Travel Bursary  Student Congress  Automotive - A dynamic career About us  Your Future In Automotive was created by FISITA: the International Federation of Automotive Engineering Societies, to help students and young people everywhere find out more about studying engineering at university and about the many exciting career opportunities for engineers in today’s automotive industry. More Your Future In Automotive was created by FISITA: the International Federation of Automotive Engineering Societies, to help students and young people everywhere find out more about studying engineering at university and about the many exciting career opportunities for engineers in today’s automotive industry. FISITA was founded in Paris in 1948. Today our members are the national engineering societies in 37 countries, together with 60 of the leading vehicle manufacturers, suppliers, energy companies and technology providers who belong to our Honorary Committee. In total, we represent more than 185,000 automotive engineers around the world. FISITA organises the biennial World Automotive Congress, as well as the annual World Automotive Summit – where leaders from the auto industry come together with scientists and policy makers to plan the future of the automobile in society. We have a FISITA magazine: ATZautotechnology; we publish technical papers and organise programmes for students and young engineers to help them gain practical experience and contacts within the global auto industry. We are a non-profit, non-governmental association. Our mission is to share knowledge among the world's automotive engineers and contribute to the development of automotive technology world-wide. By helping engineers from different nations to work together, we help to move the automotive industry and the engineering profession closer to our shared goal of safe, sustainable, efficient and affordable mobility for all. www.fisita.com Less 30 Percy Street London, W1T 2DB, United Kingdom Phone: +44 (0) 20 7299 6630 Fax: +44 (0) 20 7299 6633 info@fisita.com  © Copyright: International Federation of Automotive Engineering Societies (FISITA) 2012 web design by Mark Design Brighton  Privacy Policy LOGIN E-mail * Password * Why Register? To view this content you need to be a registered member, please sign in or create a new account. Create new account Request new password To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty.  