              Follow Us: Home About Us Customer Support Email Us    You are at About Us   Careers  Culture  Personalize Font Size: A A A Employee Engagement Culture Employee Testimonials Continuous Learning Culture We at Tata AIG have a performance based culture. Your career progression is determined by your experiences, your interests and the results you deliver. We believe in driving a culture that gives you room to achieve, to grow and to seek new opportunities. We also seek to be the most innovative, the most tenacious in opening new markets and the most creative in developing new products and offering state-of-the-art services to clients, brokers and agents around the world. Indeed, our pace and result-orientation defines us in the marketplace. Culture@ Tata AIG enables its employees to collaborate with people and draw from experience around the country. Tata AIG not only enables you to work with dynamic people, but also enables you to keep a healthy work-life balance. You will find the time and the organizational encouragement to enhance your interests and share them with others. Surrounded by smart, resourceful people, you will notice positive-ness in the atmosphere. Tata AIG employees actively contribute to various community-based initiatives and you can be a socially responsible citizen through our Corporate Social Responsibility Programme. Over just 9 years in India, a young and fun loving Tata AIG has invested in people, culture, values, training and systems  processes to chart a pioneering course for success. It makes us the ideal organization to grow a career with. Come to Tata AIG, build your own road to success. Need Help? Ask our Experts Find your nearest branch FAQs Name : Mobile no : Contact no : Email ID : City : Select One Product : Select One Corporate Health Mediprime Health Other Home Lifestyle Motor Private Client Group Rural SME Travel Buy Service Call us on our 24x7 Toll Free helpline 1800-266-7780 OR SMS `TAG` to 5616181 Write to us at customersupport@tata-aig.com or click here to give us your feedback. Downloads Contact Us Tools  Calculators Resources Careers Personal Insurance Public Disclosures   Proposal Forms Claims Forms Brochures Policy Wording Key Feature Document Ask our experts Find your nearest branch Find your nearest garage Send us your feedback Refer a friend Premium calculators Set a policy renewal reminder Subscribe to Newsletter News Glossary General FAQs Product Related FAQs Service Related FAQs Careers @ Tata AIG Employee engagement Culture Employee testimonials Continuous learning Health Insurance Travel Insurance Motor Insurance Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | Brokers | Tata Group | AIG | Chartis | Tata AIA Life Insurance | IRDA CEW | US Visitor Visa | Tata Medical Center | Insurance Institute of India Insurance is the subject matter of solicitation Copyright 2008, Tata AIG General Insurance Company Limited All Rights Reserved. Registered with Insurance Regulatory  Development Authority (IRDA) under the Registration Number 108. Registered Office: Peninsula Business Park, Tower A, 15 th Floor, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Off Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 창 400 013, Maharashtra, India. For more details on benifits,exclusions,limitations, terms & conditions please refer sales brochure/policy wordings carefully before concluding a sale.  