  4505 Lomas Blvd NE (Corner of Lomas and Washington) (505)-255-0602 Monday-Friday 7:30-5:30      Client Testimonials "What I really liked about the service was that I didn't feel like they were taking advantage of me or giving me the run around. I just can't say enough nice things about these people, they are great!" Contact Us    505-255-0602      The Best Auto Repair in Albuquerque - #1 Auto Mechanic Shop ALBUQUERQUE auto repair COME SEE US AT: 4505 Lomas Boulevard Northeast (click here for a map) NO MATTER WHERE YOU LIVE IN ALBUQUERQUE - IT'S WORTH THE DRIVE FOR SERVICE AND PRICING LIKE THIS - COME SEE US TODAY! Be sure to Ask about our 10% Off Special. From Albuquerque Brake Repairs, Car A/C - air conditioning service to Complete Auto Repair, our Auto Mechanics can get the job done.We can handle anything from alignments and check engine lights to transmission repair and blown head gaskets. No job is too big and no job is too small. Don't   pay car dealer pricing, our customers routinely save up to 50% over dealer prices.   We have the most friendly staff and auto mechanics in Albuqurque. Not sure what type of repair your car needs? No problem. Bring your car in for a Diagnostic. We will perform a FAST and FREE scan of your check engine light.   We will do our best to have you in and out in as little as time as possible. As always, we have a very clean and recently updated customer wait area that is one of the best in town. Complete Auto Repair, Service and Parts Replacement, including: Tune-ups $19.99 Oil Changes ! Serpentine Belts Repair and Replace Radiators Car Emission Repair Differential Service Clutch Replace / Repair Fuel Injection Service Power Steering Repair PCV Valve Car Starters Fuel Pumps All Flushes; Transmission, Radiator etc... Alignments Shocks and Struts - Suspension Water Pump Replacement Alternator Repair Tire Rotation and Balance Rotors / Drums / Brake Pads / Calipers Car Air Conditioning - A/C Service Car Electrical Repair Drive Train Repair / Replacement Brake Service, Replace, Repair Blown Head Gaskets Brake Master Cylinder Transmission Service and Repair Complete Engine Repair in Albuquerque! Click here more car repair services...  If you are looking for; The Best Brake Repair Service in Albuquerque The Best Car A/C service, recharge, repair shop The Best Auto Shop for Shocks and Struts in Albuquerque Starters, Alternators, Radiators, Power Steering, best best best best The List Goes on! Come See us, we can handle it, we have great deals, fast turn around. Do you have leaking fluid, funny car noises, green stuff, car problems or something broken? Whatever your auto service or repair issue is, we are the automotive repair shop in Albuquerque to bring your car to! We can diagnose and fix any car service issue that you have! Located at 4505 Lomas Blvd NE in Albuquerque New Mexico, Nob Hill Complete Auto is in the heart of Albuquerque, close to shopping, and great restaurants. Unm, Presbyterian Hospital, Scalo Restaurant, and Central ave. are within blocks!!   Great Prices + Great Service + Friendly / Knowledgeable staff = Nob Hill Auto Repair   Call or come by today, we look forward to being of service! Check out our new Blog     We provide excellent car service on just about any make and model including:  Acura   Buick   Cadillac   Chevrolet   Chevy  Chrysler    Dodge    Ford    General   Motors    GMC    Honda    Hummer    Hyundai    Isuzu    Jaguar    Jeep    Kia    Land-Rover    Lexus  Lincoln    Mazda   Mercedes  Benz   Mercury   Mitsubishi   Nissan  OTHERS     Nob Hill Auto Repair - 4505 Lomas Boulevard Northeast Albuquerque , NM 87110 - PHONE: (505) 255-0602      site by: Auto Shop SEO / Internet Marketing . All rights reserved. Home | About Us | Albuquerque Auto Repair Shop |  Coupons | Sitemap | Contact Us   Come See us today for the Best Auto Repair in Albuquerque, NM ! 