 Members Technology Car Care/Ownership Used Cars How to Use NADA Bluebook Used Car Book Value Price Guide Discover how to use NADA for trade-in and retail value. Learn the various pricing categories and what they mean when buying or selling a used car. Posted by James Clausen | Last updated: Mar 25, 2013   1  NADA Blue Book Used Car Values Used Car Price Guide Calculator  The NADA bluebook used car-pricing guide is one of the most popular guides used by new car dealers. NADA or National Automobile Dealers Association is an organization that’s primary function is to service franchised auto dealers. Even though their primary focus is the automotive dealer, consumers can access used car pricing values on their affiliate website. How to Use the NADA Used Car Price Guide Calculator The following instructions are a step-by-step tutorial on using the NADA used car-pricing guide. From the home page click on the “start here” yellow logo select a make (Ford, Toyota etc.) select a year and model (Mustang, Camry etc.) select a trim (GT, SE etc.) select mileage and options (transmission, sound system etc.) Once all of the information is inputted, used car values of trade-in (rough, average, clean) and suggested retail should be displayed NADA Used Car Pricing Guide Values Other popular bluebook used car value guides include Kelly Bluebook and Edmunds. Different bluebooks have different pricing categories. Of the popular bluebooks, NADA has the fewest of the major pricing categories. NADA does however have a wider pricing range when it comes to trade-in value. Keep in mind that their primary focus is the automotive dealer. NADA is broken up into the following pricing categories. rough trade-in average trade-in clean trade-in clean retail The various trade-in pricing categories are based on mechanical and appearance factors. The trade-in value is what the dealer would give the consumer for trading in their vehicle for another vehicle. The clean retail value is the amount the car dealer would sell the used vehicle to their retail customer. If major expense were required for the dealer to bring the vehicle up to clean retail value, rough trade-in value would be used. If the vehicle requires very little expense to bring the vehicle up to clean retail value, clean trade pricing would be used. Used Car Pricing Guide Value Categories Depending on the needs of the consumer for buying, selling or trading in a used car, there a few different pricing value categories. Some of the different pricing guide value categories, in order of value (lowest to highest) include wholesale (used by auto dealers for unwanted trade-ins) trade-in value (the amount allotted by the dealer to the consumer) private party value (when an individual sells to another individual) suggested retail (the price the dealer sells to a retail customer) certified pre-owned (factory certified used cars) If the car owner needs other pricing categories other than trade-in or suggested retail, other bluebook-pricing guides must be used. Since many dealers use the NADA guide, there is a benefit for the car owner to consult the NADA pricing guide. If the car owner is trading-in a used car or looking to buy a non-certified used car from a car dealer , the NADA pricing guide should be used to check the dealer’s integrity. Source: nadaguides.com  Recommend this About the author  James Clausen Suite101 contributor Member since Jun 22, 2009 362 posts 141  Join the discussion View the discussion thread. what others are reading 0 Car Valuation Tips – Estimate Used Car Values Posted by Candice Edwards  0 Buying a Used Car - Dealer or Private Party? Posted by James Clausen  0 Tips on Buying a Used Car From a New Car Dealer Posted by James Clausen  0 Where to Buy a Used Car – New Car Dealer or Private Party Posted by James Clausen  0 Getting the Best Trade-In Deal from a New Car Dealership Posted by James Clausen  More on this topic Where to Sell Your Car By Jo Jones  The Lotus Elan SE: A New classic By Douglas Forrest  The Best and Most Reliable Used Cars: Buying Guide By Candice Edwards  Where to Buy Cheap Used Cars: Best Affordable Secondhand Vehicles By Jenny Evans  Car Valuation Tips – Estimate Used Car Values By Candice Edwards  About Terms Contact Suite101 is one of the web's largest independent publishers, home to more than 20,000 experts, writers, teachers and travelers since 1996. Made in Vancouver, Canada.  