  Home About Advertise with us Contacts and Submissions Links Home  OL Weekly Book Review: 1781 By Steve Donoghue One Comment 1781: The Decisive Year of the American Revolution by Robert L. Tonsetic Casemate Publishers , 2011 Six years after shots were exchanged between American colonists and British soldiers at Concord and Lexington, the war of the American Revolution had become the one thing it was never supposed to be: a slogging match. The British had committed significant forces to quell the uprising in America, including some of the most battle-tested front line troops in the entire English army. And yet, as Horace Walpole commented, America is once more not quite ready to be conquered. Washingtons unexpected success at Trenton, the turning of the tide at Freemans Farm, the British debacle of Kings Mountain, and half a dozen other such encounters had gone a long way toward changing the initial impressions of the conflict, when General Howe had beaten Washington at Long Island, White Plains, and Fort Washington and looked ready to roll up the entire American resistance in time to make the next social season back in London. By 1781, as retired US Army Colonel Robert Tonsetic makes clear in his lucid and fast-paced new book, that initial euphoria had worn off as American resistance stiffened. The year 1781 was a critical one for the British, Tonsetic writes: If their southern strategy was to succeed, the rebels in South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and the real prize, Virginia, had to be crushed. Lord North believed that victory over the American rebels was still possible, but only if Britain remained resolute in the coming months. If the southern strategy succeeded, Britain would, as a minimum, retain its four southern colonies. North was confident that he had the monarchs full support in continuing the war. North might have had the support of George III, but he also had squabbling generals. Sentiment between Lord Cornwallis and his superior General Clinton had gone downhill from civil dislike to public contempt, and this was only exacerbated by their radical differences in temperament, Clinton calm and calculating, Cornwallis impulsive and more than a little stupid. The two men were united in their goal of mobilizing supposedly widespread Loyalist support to wrest control of the South from the rebels, and in that they ran up against two equally dissimilar men equally united in opposing them. Soft-spoken, limping Nathaniel Greene was in charge of Patriot forces in the south, and burly old Brigadier General Daniel Morgan was a superbly gifted cavalry commander. Morgans forces were energetically loyal to him, and they were being hunted in the countryside by Cornwallis own cavalry bravo, Lieutenant Colonel Banastre Tarleton. Tonsetic claims that 1781 was the decisive year of the Revolution. Its not a daring claim or a new one, and it pivots on three events: the Battle of Cowpens on 17 January in which Tarleton was thoroughly out-generaled by Morgan, suffered a complete defeat, and barely escaped capture, the Battle of Guilford Court House on 15 March in which Cornwallis so badly mauled his own forces in winning a technical victory against Greene that he could barely limp them into rest quarters at Yorktown, and the Siege of Yorktown itself in October, at the end of which Cornwallis surrendered his army to Washington and spent the rest of his life blaming Clinton for it all. Its explosively dramatic material, but Tonsetic never lets the drama carry him away. All through his account of his signal year, hes forever ticking things off in lists, like someone accounting for every last piece of ordnance: Strategically, Cornwallis focused on Greenes southern Continental army as the American center-of-gravity for his campaign. At the same time, he underestimated the threats posed by American irregulars to his supply and communication lines as he marched deep into the interior of the Carolinas. Furthermore, he underestimated the operational mobility of Greenes army and the American militias. Another failure in the British strategy was the failure to synchronize Cornwalliss campaign with Arnolds operations in Virginia. Conversely, Greene received both logistical support and reinforcements from Virginia throughout the campaign. This is careful historical writing, very careful, and readers will be informed far more often than theyll be delighted (one wishes the books copy editors had been equally careful  typos crop up frequently in the book, bibliography, and index)(for instance, were told that Tarleton was hated by more Americans that any other British officer serving in the Carolinas). But theres a reassuring solidity to battlefield analyses made by a historian whos seen actual battlefields. 1781 saw the effective end of large-scale British warring in America, but the principal strength of Tonsetics book is that he never takes the victory at Yorktown for granted as so many Revolution writers do; he never writes backward from the surrender of Cornwallis, nor should he: Americans need periodic reminders that they could just as easily have lost.  Tweet  One Comment  Jeanine says: April 23, 2012 at 6:03 pm I heard a radio interview with Mr. Tonsetic where this book was discussed. It was a great interview! Ive purchased the book and it is next on my list to read. My question: When reading this book will it be revealed to me why a gentleman in the Capture of Yorktown picture is not wearing pants?!? They are very much in the heat of battle and the man is not wearing pants! Reply to this comment  1Pingbacks  Book Review: 1781 | Open Letters Monthly  an Arts and Literature  | Pulplit Magazine says: November 28, 2011 at 11:13 am [...] the original post: Book Review: 1781 | Open Letters Monthly  an Arts and Literature  This entry was posted in Books and tagged flinty-new, pivotal-year. Bookmark the permalink. [...] Reply to this pingback  Leave a comment! Click here to cancel reply  Add your comment below, or trackback from your own site. You can also Comments Feed via RSS. Be nice. Keep it clean. Stay on topic. No spam. Name Mail (will not be published) Website (optional) You can use these tags: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong This is a Gravatar-enabled weblog. To get your own globally-recognized-avatar, please register at Gravatar .   OL Weekly    Book Review: Planet Without Apes  More than at any point in their collective history, mankinds great ape cousins face the threat of total extinction. A passionate new book outlines all the threats  and clings to some hope  Norman Lebrechts Album of the Week  Vladimir Horowitz in London  In 1982, Vladimir came to London and gave his first recital in Europe in 31 years. The release of that performance is something no piano lover can do without. More articles  Donate Make a contribution Follow Us! Latest Popular Comments How to Get a Book Written August 27, 2013 Open Letters Monthly, August 2013 August 25, 2013 Barbara Messud: The Excellent Women Upstairs August 25, 2013 The Reader as Writer: Giraldi and His Gratuitous Grumblings August 24, 2013 The Browsing Algorithm August 23, 2013 Taxonomy and Grace April 1, 2011 Second Glance: Astonish Us May 1, 2011 In Defense of the Memory Theater July 1, 2010 Against the Wind October 1, 2010 Attainted: The Life and Afterlife of Ezra Pound in Italy September 1, 2012 Bloomsday Croatia: One correction: Joyce lived in Trieste from 1905, ...  Open Letters Monthly: Gasp! You're entirely right! One very embarrassing...  A: I believe you meant to write "the villainous EXECU...  Elisa: Thank you Rebecca!...  Rebecca Loudon: Terrific, Elisa, and brava indeed. Kate Zambreno r... Previous Issues Select Month August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 Categories Select Category Arts  Life biography comics film fine art music nature science theater video game Features A Year With Short Novels A Year With The Romans A Year With The Tudors A Year With The Windsors absent friends American Aristocracy bestseller feature 2008 bestsellers 2009 bestsellers Humour its a mystery Keeping up with the Tudors Keeping up with The Windsors On The Scent one encounter Our Year in Reading peer review second glance Summer Reading Year Five: The Critical Issue Fiction belles-lettres criticism romance science fiction Monthly Cover OL Weekly CD of the Week Open Letters Blogs Four Color Opera Hammer  Thump Like Fire Novel Readings stevereads Poetry criticism Green new poems Politics  History current events history politics Quiz travel Video Authors Rohan Maitzen  Steve Donoghue  A.C. Childers  A.I. White  a.rawlings Abigail Deutsch  Abraham Benrubi  Adam Golaski  Alice Brittan  Alice Murphy  Alyssa Meyers  Alyssa Mackenzie  Amanda Bragg  Amardeep Singh  Amelia Glaser  Amy King  Amy Wright  Andrea Zanzotto  Andrea Henchey  Andrew Martin  Andrew Crocker  Andrew Warner  Andrew Flynn  Andrew Singer  Andrew Ladd  Anna Elena Eyre  Anna Lena Phillips  Anne Fernald  Anthony Lock  Anthony Stewart  Arianna Haviv  Arthur Brock  Ascanio Tedeschi  Astrid Van Sarisgaard  Austin Allen  Barrett Hathcock  Bartolomeo Piccolomini  Becca Klaver  Becka Podlertz  Ben Mazer  Ben  Terry Soderquist  Betsy Fagin  Brad Jones  Brendan Drischler  Brian Kirker  Bryan Emory-Johnson  Bryn Haworth  Caedmon Haas  Caren Beilin  Carol Mirakove  Carolyn Grantham  Carrie Murphy  Casey Fiore  Chad Reynolds  Charles Jodoin  Charlotte Mathieson  Chase Nordengren  Chris Tonelli  Chris Morgan  Chris Nealon  Christen Enos  Christine Herzer  Christopher Urban  Clayton Eshleman  Colleen Shea  Courtney Fiske  Craig Dowd  Dagmar Iversson  Dan Gutstein  Daniel Green  Daniel Bouchard  Daniel Carter  Daniela Hurezanu  Dasha Baker  David Meadow  David Michael  David Schloss  David Winters  David Gregory Moser  Deb Irish  Deborah Poe  Deirdre Crimmins  Dennis Drabelle  Derek Henderson  Dorian Stuber  Douglass Shand-Tucci  Ed McFadden  Edmund White  Eli Wanamaker  Elinor Lipman  Elisa Gabbert  Elisa Gabbert  Kathleen Rooney  Elizabeth Hardy  Elspeth Prothero  Emily Pettit  Esther Schell  Fani Papageorgiou  Finch Bronstein-Rasmussen  Frank Gado  Freydis Skaar  Gabe Cohen  Gabriel Blackwell Greg Gerke  Gardner Linn  Garrett Handley  Garth Risk Hallberg  Gaston Frontenac  Gerald Nachman  Giles Harvey  Gillian Devereux  Greg Waldmann  Greg Gerke  Heather Green  Honoria St. Cyr  Hugh Seames  Hugh Merwin  Iain Mulder  Ian Manfred St. Cyr  Ignazio de Vega  Ingrid Norton  Irma Heldman  Ivan Lett  J. Robert Lennon  J.R. Pearson  Jacey Faye  Jack Hanson  Jackie Clark  Jan van Doop  Janet Potter  Jared White  Jason Haslam  Jason Guder  Jay Snodgrass  Jaya Aninda Chatterjee  Jeannie Vanasco  Jeff O’Keefe  Jeff Bursey  Jeff Alessandrelli  Jeffrey Eaton  Jenn McCreary  Jennifer Olsen  Jennifer L. Knox  Jeremy Kessler  Jerry White  Jesse Ball  Jessica Breiman  Jessica Miller  Jessica Smith  Jim Newell  Joanna Scutts  Joe Betz  John Cotter  John Madera  John Williams  John McIntyre  John C. Anderson  John Cotter and Adam Golaski  John G. Rodwan, Jr.  John Matthew Fox  John Milton trans. David R. Slavitt  Jonathan Aprea  Jordan Davis  Josely Vianna Baptista  Joseph Wood  Josh Lefkowitz  Josh Harmon  Joshua Garstka  Joshua Lustig  Joyce Lee  Julie McGinley  Justin Hickey  Kaethe Schwehn  Karen Vanuska  Karen Rigby  Karen Hannah  Karl Beckendorff  Kate Schapira  Kate Colby  Kathleen Rooney  Kathleen Smith  Kathy Cawsey  Keith Newton  Kennen McCarthy  Kevin Mullins  Kevin Frazier  Khalid Ponte  Kirsten Kaschock  Krista Ingebretson  Kristen Borg  Kristin Brower Walker  Kristin Marie Kostick  Kyle Dargan  Laura Kolbe  Laura Tanenbaum  Lauren Groff  Lazaro Lopez  Leah Lambrusco  Leah Triplett  Lianne Habinek  Liz Satterwaite  Liza Birnbaum  Lorraine Martinuik  Luciano Mangiafico  M K Hall  Maggie Smith  Malcolm Forbes  Marc Vincenz  Maria Rybakova  Mark Wallace  Mark Mercer  Martha Moffett  Mary Jane Weedman  Matt Sadler  Matthew Klane  Maureen Thorson  Max Ross  Megan Kearns  Megan Doll  Mel Nichols  Michael Adams  Michael Trocchia  Michael Gushue  Michael Johnson  Michael Ives  Michele Battiste  Miriam Burstein  Morten Høi Jensen  Nate Pritts  Nathan Schneider  Nicholas Nardini  Nick D'Annunzio Jones  Nicole Perrin  Nivedita Gunturi  Norman Lebrecht  Panagiotis Polichronakis  Paul Violi  Paul Charles Griffin  Pedja Jurisic  Peter Coclanis  Peter Jurmu  Peter Mishler  Peter Jay Shippy  Phil Christman  Philip Gambone  Phillip A. Lobo  Quentin Brand  Ravi Shankar  Rebecca Evans  Rita Consalvos  Robert Latona  Robin Mookerjee  Robin Powlesland  Rohan Maitzen  Rosemary Mitchell  Ryan J. Davidson  Sage Marsters  Sam Sacks  Samantha Carrick  Sampson Starkweather  Samuel Wharton  Sandra Simonds  Sara Henkin  Sarah Hudson  Sarah Shaffer  Sarah Emsley  Sarah Goldstein  Scott Esposito  Scott Abbott  Sean Hughes  Sergio De La Pava  Shafer Hall  Shanna Compton  Shannon McCloskey Allain  Sharon Fulton  Shaun Randol  Sommer Browning  Spencer Lenfield  Stephen Sturgeon  Stephen Akey  Steve Donoghue  Steve Brachmann  Steve Kluger  Steve Danziger  Steve Donoghue  John Cotter  Susan Fraser King  T Mazzara  Ted Underwood  Teow Lim Goh  Thomas Larson  Thomas J. Daly  Thurlow  Zach Truman  Timothy Ledwith  Tom Cardamone  Tomas Tranströmer  Tony Mancus  Tony Hightower  Tracey Kelly  Trevor Ross  Tristan Tzara  Tuc McFarland  Tucker Johnson  Victoria Best  Victoria Olsen  Virginia Konchan  William Coyle  Y Greyman  Yali Lewis  Zac Marconi  Žarko Radaković Latest Tweets Saki's prose style is a first line of attack in the reading experience. http://t.co/xCiUw3FJ2k - posted on 08/27/2013 'Blog is just one letter away from bog'? Really? Giraldi's gratuitous blog bashing irks @RohanMaitzen http://t.co/QCrAjRZ9yu - posted on 08/27/2013 Want to write a book? Gary Glass has some ideas about how to get it done. http://t.co/Iufz9OJWA2 - posted on 08/27/2013 DRINKING BUDDIES: an interview with writer-director Joe Swanberg http://t.co/3NbCBglKEn - posted on 08/26/2013 Behold the man: Reza Aslan's controversial new book shows a Jesus who came to bring not peace but a sword. http://t.co/4PzeYli4e4 - posted on 08/25/2013 My Twitter , by Xhanch Random Posts (refresh random posts) Pages About Advertise with us Contacts and Submissions Links Most Commented Taxonomy and Grace Second Glance: Astonish Us In Defense of the Memory Theater Against the Wind Attainted: The Life and Afterlife of Ezra Pound in Italy Most Popular PAX Ludorum Shall We in That Great Night Rejoice? Taxonomy and Grace Who the Hell is Lili St. Cyr? Thinking God Knows What: James Joyce and Trieste  Powered by WordPress | Entries (RSS) | Comments (RSS) | Valid XHTML and CSS Arthemia Premium by ColorLabs & Company 