 Unbiased Car Buying Tips  Tools from Automotive Experts Subscribe to RSS Home Used Cars New Cars eBay Auctions Car Loan Car Insurance Tips and Advice Search  Popular Articles (last 7 days) Top 3 Best Used SUVs With Third Row Seats Best 2013 3 Row SUVs with Good Gas Mileage Best 2013 Quietest Cars Best 2013 SUVs With 3rd Row Seating Best 2013 Quietest SUVs Top 5 MPG SUVs with 3rd Row Seat Best 2013 Crossover SUVs With 3rd Row Seating Best Tall People Cars How Much Does It Cost to Replace an Alternator? How Much Does it Cost to Replace Brake Calipers? Categories Car Maintenance Tips General Automotive News How Cars Work Motorcycle Buying Tips Reader Questions Tips on Auto Insurance Tips on Auto Loans Tips on Auto Parts  Accessories Tips on Buying a New Car Tips on Buying a Used Car Tips on Buying Auto Insurance Tips on Buying Extended Auto Warranty Tips on Buying from a Car Dealership Tips on Buying from Private Party Tips on Car Inspection Tips on Car Repair Tips on Car Safety Tips on Car Seats Tips on Caring for Your Car Tips on Getting Auto Financing Tips on Hybrid / Fuel Efficient Cars Tips on Negotiating Tips on Pricing Tips on Questions to Ask Seller Tips on Rims Tips on Selling Your Car Tips on Using a Car Broker Tips on Using iSeeCars Tire Tips Uncategorized Popular Tags 3rd row suv third row suv used cars cars under 20000 top car insurance companies used cars for sale used car buying tips cars under 30000 cars under 20k awd Car FAQs Car FAQs How Long Should I Keep My Car Before Selling It Wednesday, January 28th, 2009 By: Sarah E. Sanuth, an insider in the automotive industry  with many years of experience in the car dealership and repair business There comes a time that we all ask ourselves whether or not we should sell the vehicle we have. Have we had it long enough? When will it start to give me problems or even possibly leave me stranded? Is the mileage too high? Unfortunately, there is no clear cut answer to this question, as there are always exceptions to the rule. Two things are for sure. If the vehicle is pre-1996 and/or over 200,000 miles; it needs to go. Vehicles that typically fit into this criterion are long over-due. Age is a big factor regardless of the mileage driven because environmental factors are starting to take its toll. Items such as salt and water start to eat into the frame and cause frame or component rot, which you may not always see. Higher mileage, such as 200,000, also receives similar effects, regardless of age because of the time it sees driving. Transmission and other important parts of the vehicles will start to fail, making for a hefty repair. With those two items aside, the 7 year mark (when a vehicle has reached the age of 7) is when you should be at least thinking about selling it to purchase a new one. Many financial institutions will not finance a new vehicle for more than 7 years. This is because when the vehicle has reached the age of 7, frame and component rot tends to creep in. If they know the vehicle is going to start to fail on a level that could hinder its operation or “fitness for a particular purpose,” the borrower might give up on the payments altogether, “It doesn’t work anymore, why should I have to pay for it.” There are financial institutions that will finance a used car, however these companies have stringent guidelines on how long and what year models; this is for the same reasons as above. Of course, if you have a vehicle that is older than this, and aren’t seeing the effects of age; you just may have lucked out. But keep in mind that this is not something you can avoid. Steel rots after time, and there is nothing that can change it; it can only be prolonged. Each vehicle will rot or fail at different times. We all drive over different roads and are exposed to different environmental factors. Keeping the undercarriage of your vehicle clean on a regular basis will slow the process down, especially if you live in a region where there is heavy salt usage on the roads, such as in winter. (I have seen a 2003 vehicle is the Northeast in which the alternator disintegrated during a transmission repair because of heavy salt use.) Once your vehicle starts to creep on the 7 year mark, you should make an effort to carefully inspect certain areas of your vehicle. This will help determine whether or not you should sell it and purchase a new one. Doors Open each door of the vehicle and check the bottom-most part of the door (where it would meet the bottom part of the door jamb of the door frame.) Check for water damage. Even though doors appear to be sealed, water will get in overtime and causes the bottom of the door to rot. Check all doors, including any hatch or trunk lids. If you do start to notice rot in this area, drill a small hole at the bottom of each door so that water can escape before it causes more damage. This will buy you some time. This area can be fixed, but is still only prolonging the inevitable. The most comprehensive way to stop this is to purchase a new door, which in turn will equal obtaining a new paint job, which can get expensive. Undercarriage Check for any holes or large rust spots (you may see large flaking rust spots) on the frame. Frame damage is very expensive to repair. Cars typically need to be coated on the undercarriage at least once every year to prevent this damage, but it is not standard practice and many people don’t know that it is part of preventative maintenance. Newer cars tend to rot faster than some of the older models. This is for reasons of quality. As time has gone on, car manufacturers have been looking for ways to produce the same product with less overhead. The steel that these vehicles are made of isn’t as thick, which means it needs less time to rot. Regardless of whether or not your vehicle is old, there are signs that signal problems ahead. Any time you have reoccurring mechanical failures, you should start to consider selling it. One small thing after another is only a signal that something bigger may be coming. When youre ready to sell your car, see tips for increasing the value of your used car before selling it . If you have a question you’d like our experts and community to answer, please ask your question at http://forum.iseecars.com .  To start your used car search , visit http://www.iSeeCars.com Related Car Lists 6-Cylinder Cars with Most Horsepower for the Money 5-Cylinder Cars with Most Horsepower for the Money 4-Cylinder Cars with Most Horsepower for the Money Korean Cars with Most Horsepower for the Money Diesel Cars with Most Horsepower for the Money Tweet Share Related Tips Selling Your Used Car: Tips on Increasing its Value By: Sarah E. Sanuth, is an insider in the automotive ... Best Selling SUVs in 2011 Now that 2011 is behind us and the full calendar ... Best Selling Luxury SUVs in 2011 Buyers looking for more upscale features in their SUVs can ... Best Selling Luxury Cars September 2011 The list of best selling luxury cars September 2011 includes ... Best Selling Cars September 2011 The best selling cars September 2011 looks a lot like ... About iSeeCars Team More Posts (272) Tags: used car selling tips , when to sell your car This entry was postedon Wednesday, January 28th, 2009 at and is filed under Tips on Buying a Used Car , Tips on Selling Your Car .You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site. 1 comment on How Long Should I Keep My Car Before Selling It How Long I Keep My Car Before Selling  Junk Cars Blog says: April 29th, 2010 [...] By: Sarah E. Sanuth  Source [...] Leave a comment Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website  Plugin by wpburn.com wordpress themes  Want to Share Car Advice? Share and post your car tips here and get it seen by millions of consumers. Ask our Experts Have a Question? Ask our Experts. Recent Articles 5 Terms You Should Know Before You Go to a Dealership Best Labor Day Car Deals Labor Day Infographic: American Automotive Achievements Why Labor Day Is a Good Time to Buy a Car Labor Day 2013 Car Shows Best New Hatchbacks of 2013 How to Buy a Car in a Different State Best Small SUVs of 2013 Best Car Deals and Incentives August 2013 Best Car Lease Deals August 2013 Copyright  2013 iSeeCars . All Rights Reserved. Feed Me, Seymour theme designed by c.bavota . Powered by WordPress . 