 Study Guides and Lesson Plans Study smarter. Welcome, Guest !  Set Background  Blackboard Green Chalkboard Desk Sign In Join eNotes HOMEWORK HELP QUIZZES TOPICS eBOOKS & DOCUMENTS FOR TEACHERS BLOG LITERATURE HISTORY SCIENCE MATH MORE SUBJECTS ARTS BUSINESS SOCIAL SCIENCES LAW AND POLITICS HEALTH POPULAR  Romeo and Juliet   (William Shakespeare)   Macbeth   (William Shakespeare)   Shakespeare Quotes     To Kill a Mockingbird   (Harper Lee)   Hamlet   (William Shakespeare)   Guide to Literary Terms     The Great Gatsby   (F. Scott Fitzgerald)   Julius Caesar   (William Shakespeare)   Othello   (William Shakespeare)   Lord of the Flies   (William Golding)   Of Mice and Men   (John Steinbeck)   Animal Farm   (George Orwell)   William Shakespeare     The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn   (Mark Twain)   A Midsummer Night's Dream   (William Shakespeare)   1984   (George Orwell)   The Odyssey   (Homer)   The Crucible   (Arthur Miller)   Frankenstein   (Mary Shelley)   The Canterbury Tales   (Geoffrey Chaucer) JOIN eNOTES eNOTES PEOPLE Loading... 1950's Lifestyles and Social Trends   1 Members Following   Follow a topic to see new activity, such as homework help questions and answers, in your personal feed on the homepage.   Homework Help   1950's Lifestyles and Social Trends   Primary Sources   1950's Lifestyles and Social Trends Overview Topics in the News The Baby Boom Black Americans and Society The Car Culture Comic Books and Juvenile Delinquency Courtship in the 1950s Fads of the 1950s Sex Social Theory of the 1950s Suburbia Women's Roles in the 1950s Youth Headline Makers Eisenhower, Mamie Doud 1896-1979 Galbraith, John Kenneth 1908-2006 Hauser, Gayelord 1895-1984 Hefner, Hugh 1926- Kelly, Grace 1925-1982 Mills, C. Wright 1916-1962 People in the News Deaths Publications Important Events in Lifestyles and Social Trends, 1950–1959 The 1950's The Arts Business and the Economy Education Fashion Government and Politics Law and Justice Lifestyles and Social Trends Media Medicine and Health Religion Science and Technology Sports The Car Culture Print PDF Cite Return to Prosperity. Americans had suffered through fifteen years of economic hardship and material shortages from the beginning of the Great Depression through the end of World War II. Small wonder, then, that as soldiers returned home and economic prospects seemed much brighter, people were in a mood to buy. During the war automobile production had dropped drastically as automakers were enlisted in the war effort. The number of registered cars on the road plummeted by four million: as they became inoperable, their owners were unable to repair or replace them. Out of the 25.8 million registered cars in 1945, Fortune magazine reported that half of them were at least ten years old. Millions of these cars were ready for the scrap heap. Production Surge. American automakers were glad to satisfy the pent-up demand for cars, of course, but they could do so only gradually. The process of converting back to civilian... (The entire page is 2105 words.) Want to read the whole thing? Subscribe now to read the rest of this article. Plus, get access to more than 30,000+ study guides! READ MORE Did this raise a question for you?  From Homework Help Examine why many Americans were conditioned to think that the United States was a classless society during the 1950s. The original question had to be edited. I think that the American consciousness in the 1950s was conditioned to believe in the classless society for a couple of reasons. The first was that such thinking enabled Americans to focus their... Read More   eNotes.com is a resource used daily by thousands of students, teachers, professors and researchers. We invite you to become a part of our community. Join eNotes Become an eNotes Educator  2013 eNotes.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Recommended Links Literature Study Guides Literature Lesson Plans William Shakespeare eTexts Literature Critical Essays History Study Guides Useful Areas Help About Us Contact Us Jobs Privacy Terms of Use Advertise on eNotes  