 Maps of World We do magic to Maps World Maps North America Map South America Map Europe Map Asia Map Africa Map Australia Map USA Map Buy Maps World Map / Venezuela / Venezuela Culture What's New? CheckourBlog Venezuela Map Political Map of Venezuela Where is Venezuela Venezuela Outline Map Venezuela Physical Map Venezuela Cities Map Venezuela Mineral Map Venezuela Google Map Venezuela Lat long Map Venezuela River Map Venezuela Stock Exchange Map Simon Bolivar International Airport (CCS), Venezuela Mapa Del Mundo Download Free Venezuela Political Map About Venezuela Flag Geography Climate Population Caracas, Capital City of Venezuela Fast Facts Education System Venezuela Languages Venezuela Culture Food of Venezuela Sports in Venezuela States in Venezuela Venezuela Travel Guide Tourist Attractions Hotels Restaurants Airports Cities in Venezuela Ciudad-Guayana Cumana Coro Juan-Griego Las-Piedras Maracaibo Porlamar Puerto-La-Cruz Major Cities Maps Caracas Ciudad-Guayana Coro Cumana Juan-Griego Las-Piedras Maracaibo Porlamar Puerto-La-Cruz Valencia  Venezuela Culture  Venezuela Culture has been greatly influenced by its history. The indigenous people and the Spanish conquest have all had considerable influence in the culture of the land. Culture of Venezuela The houses and churches of Venezuela also stand as proofs of the rich architectural heritage of the country. The modern houses are built in simple styles. Venezuela art, and theater of Venezuela also form an inseparable parts of Venezuela Culture. Spanish is spoken by majority. However, native languages are prevalent in certain parts of the country. Venezuela Art The Venezuela Art is a fine blend of the pre-colonial and the colonial style in the field of painting, fine arts, literature, music and dance. There was profound influence of Spanish art forms on Venezuela art. Venezuela Literature As far as Venezuela Literature is concerned, it started developing during the days of colonial subjugation. Different types of poetry and archives formed the basis of the literature during the 1700s. The 18th century opened a new chapter of Venezuela Literature. Slowly, a large number of eminent poets, authors emerged in the country such as Teresa de la Parra and Arturo Uslar Pietri Music and Dance of Venezuela The music of Venezuela originated after the country won its independence from the Spaniards. The music of Venezuela was the product of intermingling of the African, Spanish and native music. Gaita is one of the important traditional music of the country which is mainly performed during the festival seasons. Joropo is the national dance of Venezuela. Salsa is one of the most popular dance forms in this country. Folk music of Venezuela also forms an important part of Venezuela Culture. Some of the notable figures in the field of Venezuela fine art and literature, the cultural heritage of the country are as follows Armando Reveron Arturo Michelena Gego Jesus Rafael Soto Carlos Cruz Diez Marisol Escobar Yucef Merhi Festivals in Venezuela Festivals in Venezuela bring color and fun to the country and lets the Venezuelans enjoy their culture and heritage. Festivals of Venezuela are celebrated in a grand way by the Venezuelans with high spirit. The country is well decorated and lit up. People spend their holidays during the Festival in Venezuela, with their family and friends. Important Venezuelan Festivals The Procession of the Holy Shepherdess Carnival in Venezuela La Paradura del Nino Drumming Feast of St. John May Cross Celebrations Festivals in Venezuela, which are completely based on the tradition of the Venezuelans, are enjoyed even in the present day. Festival Venezuela attracts a great number of tourists from all over theworld. Carnival in Venezuela Carnival in Venezuela is celebrated in the month of February forty days before the Easter Sunday every year. It is one of the most popular festivals in Venezuela. Venezuela Carnival is celebrated in the most grand way in the coastal towns and villages than any part of the country. During the Carnival, Venezuela is lit up and decorated. People play with balloons filled with water instead of air and throw them at each other. Carnival of Venezuela continues for four days when people indulge in wearing new outfits. El Callao is the best and most popular Carnival in Venezuela. It also attracts a great number of tourists from far and wide. Initiated in 1853, El Callao, which was called as Caratal in the earlier days, is celebrated universally, when people meet their family and friends. Carnival in Venezuela is celebrated with music and festivity. Carnival in Venezuela, being the most important of all occasions is celebrated just like Christmas or any other big festival.  Click on any of the below sections for its Information  Country Maps US Map Canada Map Mexico Map Costa Rica Map UK Map Germany Map Italy Map France Map Spain Map Russia Map Singapore Map New Zealand Map Brazil Map Argentina Map China Map India Map Japan Map South Africa Map Egypt Map Ireland Map Israel Map City Maps LA Map London Map Chicago Map Paris Map NYC (New York City) Map Sydney Map Rome Map Tokyo Map Hong Kong Map Delhi Map All about Maps New Maps World Political Map World Atlas World Map in Different Languages World Physical Map World Map Printable World Map - Image US Map - Image Thematic Maps Travel Maps Honeymoon Destinations World Travel Destinations US National Parks World Top Ten Maps Earthquake Maps Oceans Map Mineral Maps Location Maps Weather Map Rail Maps Road Maps River Maps Air Routes Map History Maps Outline Maps World Weather Chart World Language Map World Time Zone Map Wall Maps Map Quiz Utilities Map Games Route Planner Flight Schedule International Airports Landkarten Weltkarte Kontinentkarten Europakarte Deutschlandkarte Country Information World Lat-Long Maps Flags of the World Projection Maps Countries and Capital Connect with us Facebook Twitter Apps RSS Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter Download Free Maps | Infographics | About Us | Media Kit 2013 | Advertise With Us | Feedback | Sitemap | Privacy Policy Compare Infobase Ltd.  