  Home Videos News Photos Celebrities Style Movies TV Music Win   Loading... By Deepika Rajani On July 3, 2013 Move Over Cumberbitches! Benedict Cumberbatch Reveals Celebrity Fan Of Sherlock The actor has a fan in Meryl Streep Tweet  It appears Benedict Cumberbatch has picked up some celebrity fans since becoming Sherlock in the hit BBC drama which tells the story and the crimes followed by the iconic detective. With a substantial fan base already, the actor recently revealed that US actress andAugust: Osage Country co-star Meryl Streep has been added to the fan base after she told him how much she enjoyed watching Sherlock. Recalling the moment, Benedict told the Daily Express: She's a Sherlock fan. The first time we met, she came up to me and said, 'Everyone in our family loves your show. And I just adore it.' However, that wasn't all as the actor joked that he told Meryl he was the best actor in the world after Star Trek movie, Into Darkness director JJ Abrams coined the actor to be the best actor in the world. He said: Oh, she knows that. She knows she's number two. Seriously, though, she's not only one of the all-time greats, she's also a human being rather than a film star. That's the best thing of all. Meryl Streep is a fan of Sherlock (WENN) Meanwhile, as fans wait for the return of Sherlock, magician Ali Cook has given his theories on how Sherlock managed to fake his own death at the end of the last series, telling EntertainmentWise: I think it is a very little known fact that Benedict Cumberbatch has a twin brother! hmm, we're not sure that's how he did it. Probably a more promising theory from Ali was: I think when no one was looking he built a double wall which sits in front of the first building. He falls down behind the duplicate building where there are loads of crash mats and his dwarf friend throws over a dummy. Ali also explained how a simple harness under his clothes could have supported the actor with the use of strong piano wires: Piano wires are very thin and very very strong and also its a grey building isnt it so it could have blended in. Check out the video to see the rest of Ali's interesting theories as to how the detective survived. Ali Cook is an award winning magician who will be bringing his critically acclaimed magic show 'Principles and Deceptions' on tour from June through until December 2013. Tags : Benedict Cumberbatch, Sherlock, Meryl Streep Follow @areyouentwise Loading...  Latest News MTV VMAs 2013 Best Bits: Taylor Swift Blasts Harry Styles, Miley Cyrus' Twerktastic, X-Rated Performance & More! (VIDEO) Check out the best bits from Sunday night's VMAs Alec Baldwin 'Attacks' Photographer Outside New York Apartment (PHOTOS) The star has been involved in yet another street scuffle! Selena Gomez Refuses To Answer Questions On Whether Taylor Swift Told One Direction To 'Shut The F**k Up' 'Don't try that with me' protective Selena says Look Away, Rihanna! Chris Brown Cosies Up To Karreuche Tran On Hawaiian Holiday (PHOTO) Chris allegedly whisked his ex away on a romantic break 'We Had A Great Party': P. Diddy Plays Down Rumours Of 'Drunken Brawl' At VMAs Posh Show Bash Beyonce and hubbie Jay Z party mood dampened after alleged P Diddy and J Cole scuffle Monica Bellucci Splits From Husband Vincent Cassel After 14 Years Of Marriage Italian beauty announces shock separation Luther Will Not Return To TV, Confirms Show Creator Neil Cross But he said the enigmatic detective will come back in a spin-off film Katy Perry's Fans Vote Her New Release To Be 'Dark Horse' Featuring Juicy J Song was chosen via a Twitter poll as her second single off 'Prism' Australian Actress Stef Dawson Joins Hunger Games Cast As Annie Cresta The unknown youngster will join the franchise in the final films Mockingjay 1 & 2 Zayn Malik And Perrie Edwards Engagement: Wedding Date Revealed? Zayn was quizzed about the special day during yesterday's This Is Us NYC premiere Ellie Goulding Is So Over Niall Horan Backlash As She Announces UK Arena Tour The Burn star throws herself into work after a week of rumours Hollyoaks Broke The Rules Over 'Violent And Shocking' Train Death Scene Ofcom have issued a warning to Channel 4 soap Lamar Odom 'Dropped By The L.A Clippers' As Alleged Drug Abuse Allegations Continue The team have refused to re-sign the basketball star, according to sources Simon Cowell 'Wants To Name Unborn Child After Father Eric' Has Cowell Jnr already got a name? 'Cut Her Some Slack': Adam Lambert Defends Miley Cyrus' X-Rated VMA Performance The singer says she must be 'doing something right' Sorry Justin Bieber! Selena Gomez Admits Crush On George Clooney Looks like someone's after an older man No Bad Feelings! Former Doctor Who Star Christopher Eccleston Admits: 'I Love The Doctor' The actor has revealed despite not being included in the anniversary episode One Direction Talk Simon Cowell's Baby News: 'We're Gonna Get Him A Stroller' The band have said that Cowell is going to be a great dad Made In Chelsea's Binky Not Worried About Ollie Locke's Exit: 'We'll Still Always Be Very Good Mates' Binky and Ollie will remain friends The X Factor: Dermot O'Leary Not Worried About Being Fired From The Show Dermot reveals that he's just enjoying what he's doing  Follow us! Quick Links Entertainment News Celebrity Photos Celebrity News Celebrity Style Movie News TV News Music News Get the RSS feeds Entertainment News Celebrity News Movie News Music News TV News Useful Links Gigwise.com Festival Guide Face of EntertainmentWise Healthy Recipes - Emma McQuiston Coram Children's Charity , Voluntary Adoption Unibands  2005-2013Giant Digital Terms and Conditions Privacy Advertising Job Vacancies Contact Us entertainmentwise  