 X Autobytel - Your Lifetime Automotive Advisor Sign In | Connect with Us!  Find a Dealer Select Make  Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Plymouth Pontiac Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo New Cars New Cars New Car Pictures Car Comparison Tool What Car Is Right For Me Build A Car Online New Car Incentives Car Quotes Top 10 New Cars Used Cars Used Cars Used Car Finder Kelley Blue Book Used Car Buying Guides Top 10 Used Cars Car Reviews Car Reviews Expert Car Reviews Car Ratings Top 10 Cars Car Buying Guides Car Buying Tips Car Buying Tips Car Buying Steps Car Warranty Information Auto Insurance Information Car Financing Car Financing Money Saving Tips Car Calculators Car Loan Information Lease A Car What's Hot Now What's Hot Now CarTV Videos Auto News Auto Shows Car Recalls MyGarage MyGarage Diagnose Problems Repair Cost Calculator Ownership Tips  Loading... Advertisement Home > Car Buying Tips > Car Buying Guides > Buick Car Buyers Guide > Buick Enclave Car Buyers Guide > 2012 Buick Compact Crossover Rendered 2012 Buick Compact Crossover Rendered By Jeffrey N. Ross|May 14, 2010 2012 Buick Compact Crossover Rendered Page 1 of 2 2012 Buick Compact Crossover Rendered Last week, Buick confirmed that two new models will be joining its lineup next year, but while patent sketches were available for the new compact sedan, no pictures exist of the new 2012 Buick compact crossover. Using what little information there is to go off of, Autotropolis has come up with a best guess design for the upcoming crossover that may or may not go by the name Buick Encore. This rendering is based off previous reports, known facts and recent spy photos. What is known about the new crossover is that it will use the same General Motors Theta platform as the GMC Terrain and Chevrolet Equinox and it will not resemble the now-extinct Saturn VUE . Instead of making the same rebadging mistakes it had in the past, GM will give the new crossover a styling that is said to resemble a baby Buick Enclave . The fastest and easiest way for GM to accommodate both of these is to use an existing design, so GM will likely turn to the Chevrolet Captiva body design which is a Theta-derived compact crossover available in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. For a styling to go up against luxury crossovers like the Lexus RX , the new Buick crossover will likely get a very distinguishable exterior design including Buick signature cues like the large waterfall grille and the hood-mounted portholes. Spy shots recently surfaced on the Internet showing what looks like a Captiva driving around with a camouflaged front end meaning that most of the changes will be made up front. One thing that is sure to be present on the new Buick crossover is plenty of exterior chrome. Like the sister Theta platform vehicles, the new Buick crossover will likely be powered by the existing engines on the platform which include the 2.4-liter inline-four and the 3.0-liter direct-injected V-6 with both available in front- or all-wheel drive. The fuel-efficient inline-four is capable of 32 miles per gallon on the highway, while the V-6 delivers 264 horsepower and a respectable 25 mpg on the highway. Both the crossover and sedan will likely go on sale later next year as 2012 model year vehicles giving BuickĂÂ six vehicles which is the most it's had since 2005. Rendering by Jeffrey N. Ross More Articles Like This October 2010 Buick Enclave Deals 2012 Buick Compact Crossover Rendered New 2010 Buick Enclave Road Test and Review Edmunds.com 2010 Buick Enclave Overview GM Teases Future Buick CUV for 2010, PHEV Coming in 2011 Krome on Cars on the Buick Enclave, Part II  Advertisement  Page 2 of 2 Save this article to MyGarage Related Articles October 2010 Buick Enclave Deals New 2010 Buick Enclave Road Test and Review Edmunds.com 2010 Buick Enclave Overview GM Teases Future Buick CUV for 2010, PHEV Coming in 2011 Krome on Cars on the Buick Enclave, Part II Latest Articles 2013 Mazda MX-5 Miata Road Test and Review New Mopar Accessories Revealed for 2014 Fiat 500L 2014 Toyota Corolla First Drive Aero-enhanced 2014 Chevy Camaro Readied for Euro Debut 2013 Honda Fit EV Quick Spin Video Review Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Learn More About Buick Enclave Get pricing on a new Buick Enclave 2013 Car of the Year Awards Research Buick Enclave Free Ownership Tools  Advertisement Save to MyGarage  New Cars Used Cars Car Buying Tips Car Financing What's Hot Now Research New and Used Cars What Car Is Right For Me Car Incentives  Rebates Find a Car Dealer Car Pictures Car Blog Used Car Finder CarTV Videos Investor Relations Autobytel Terms Of Use Autobytel Privacy Policy Autobytel Copyright About Autobytel Autobytel Contact Us Autobytel Help/Faq Sitemap Our Editors Dealer Site   2013 All Rights Reserved. Mobile Site [if lt IE 9]>