   Arts Entertainment Humor Blog    Sunday, 30 June 2013 Basketball For Short People: Basket To Be Lowered Since the 1950s, when short but fast players had a chance of making it onto a professional court  such as the legendary Bob Cousy of the Boston Celtics, known for startling innovations like dribbling and passing behind the back  the sport has been dominated by ever taller athletes, starting with the arrival of Wilt, The Stilt, Chamberlain. Now, The National Basketball Association has come to realize that the trend to tall has demoralized people of who fall within the usual range of human height and that it has positively devastated short people. Compared to the slam-dunking ways of the seven footers, these distressed athletes just cant get people interested in watching them hoop it up. As a result, interest in the game as a participation sport has waned, and the association is concerned that, as fewer people work up their excitement about playing it, fewer of them will pay to see it. Read more  Posted by Hunter E Breton at 16:47  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Saturday, 29 June 2013 Baby Boomers Moderate Exercise; Notice Scarcity of Seniors In Marathons Baby boomers, who exercise more than any generation before them, have been flocking to orthopedic surgeons to tend to their aching tendons and joints. As news of the growing need for surgical intervention spread, a number of boomers have found the willpower to moderate the intensity of their workout routines. Personal experience has also confirmed the wisdom of moderation. For example, one inveterate marathoner was shocked by the surprising perception that there were not a lot of senior citizens dashing across the finish line in the New York Marathon. He began to wonder if at a certain age less strenuous activity might actually be, not only the better part of healthcare, but all thats generally possible. He also began to ask himself if seniors who persisted in intense physical challenges like the marathon were absent at or near the finish line because they literally dropped by the wayside. He dismissed that possibility, because it really brought into question his hope for up-to-the-last-minute youth. Read more  Posted by Hunter E Breton at 16:47  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Friday, 28 June 2013 Avant Garde Composer Creates New Piece, Called Making Popcorn An American avant garde composer, who takes his inspiration from the most upstart composers of recent times, had a piece performed last night at Carnegie Hall, titled Making Popcorn. The Boston Pops Orchestra, which commissioned the piece, left the stage to make way for the performance. Stagehands then wheeled out a popcorn-making machine and prepared it for the performance by filling it with dry corn, butter, and salt. When the machine was tuned, the composer entered to conduct his own work. Taking the podium, he raised his baton and the machine was switched on. When the first kernel popped, he gave a firm downbeat and then continued to conduct as the kernels popped away. The piece concluded when all the popcorn had contributed its sound. Read more  Posted by Hunter E Breton at 16:46  Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) Popular Posts 3 Surefire Ways To Combat Rising Gas Prices I have heard the rumblings of many of you in Readerland about the recent spike in gasoline prices. In fact its all I seem to hear abou... A Funny Joke and The Man without Humor April fools day is a favorite day for some, because there are many funny jokes that can be played. But when you are working for The Man ... 8 Reasons Why You Should Email Me One Dollar Paypal has made it possible to quickly and easily send money over the Internet. This allows us to pay for all kinds of purchases with a lot... 5 Reasons Why You Should Quit Your Day Job Most of us would stop working if we could. We constantly dream about it, but thats about as far as we get-dreaming. Working a 9-5 just... A Deep Look At Soap Operas You have got to love soap operas. From the intricate plots and finely woven webs of deceit, to the depths of schemes, they were, are and al...  Blog Archive  2013 (28)  June (28) Basketball For Short People: Basket To Be Lowered Baby Boomers Moderate Exercise; Notice Scarcity of... Avant Garde Composer Creates New Piece, Called Mak... Audit Report on Katrina Debit Cards; Some Recipien... April Fools trick Apple Sued Over Logo By Apple Farmer Ancient Mayan Mummy Proves A Tattoo Is Forever Another Dracula, Another Flop An Efficient Commute America To Sue Rest Of World For Ungrateful Behavi... America: Still So Young No Americans Allowed Amazing Trivia Part 1 Al-Qaeda in Iraq Announces New Leader. Or Do They?... AIDS epidemic in the USSR Adult Swim - You Must Be This High To Ride This Ri... A Revised History Of Pasta A Page From Betty Crockers Cookbook A Life Of Lorenzo Da Ponte: Talent Flies; Practica... A Lawyers Favorite Lawyer Jokes A Funny Joke and The Man without Humor A Deep Look At Soap Operas A Cialis A Day Keeps The Uncertainty Away A Bomb For A Bomb And A Rocket For A Rocket; What ... 18 Similarities Between Women and Computers 8 Reasons Why You Should Email Me One Dollar 5 Reasons Why You Should Quit Your Day Job 5 Big Advantages of PC Games on Demand 3 Surefire Ways To Combat Rising Gas Prices  My Blog List Life Study 3 Ways Your Health Insurance Company Is Scamming You Home Decorating Cheap New outdoor furniture from Andy Thornton Relationship tips Saving Difficult Relationships through Communication Home and Family A Look at Metal Gazebos Arts and Entertainment A Guide To Silk Palm Trees Heiress Diaries 3 Secrets and Tips For Anit-Aging Mortgage Home Loan Calculator 100% Financing Or No Down Payment  Bad Credit Mortgage Loans Bolsa de Vallores Heres Why You Need To Use Landing Pages Home Equity Loans and Home Mortgage Rate Agreement of Sale Town in News 2 Step Marketing The Best Small Business Plan Are You Thinking Too Small and Dooming Your Small Business To Failure? Health and Fitness Acid Vs Alkaline Diet Blogspot Templates Free Download Helix Blogger Template    Simple template. Powered by Blogger .  