 Car hire Van hire Best deals Vehicles Branches MySixt Corporate Customers Trade more Sixt Rent a Car Rental Services Flexi Rent Moving Services Mobile reservation Leasing Login Travel Agencies Help and Feedback Terms  Conditions Other Sixt websites Sixt Group The Sixt Group at a glance Sixt limousine service Your Chauffeur- and Limousinenservice Regine Sixt Children's Aid Foundation Help for children in need Sixt Jobs The Sixt career portal Sixt Luxury Cars Make your day - with Sixt Luxury Cars Locations UK London Manchester Edinburgh Bromley Fort William All cities Spain Palma De Mallorca Malaga Alicante Bilbao Barcelona All cities Switzerland Geneve Zuerich Basel Lausanne Altenrhein All cities Germany Munich Hamburg Berlin Cologne Hanover All cities USA Orlando Miami Fort Lauderdale Phoenix Seattle All cities France Nice Marseille Bordeaux Paris Lyon All cities Cyprus Paphos Larnaca Protaras Limassol Strovolos, Nicosia All cities Portugal Faro Lisboa Santa Cruz Porto Funchal All cities All Sixt countries More than 4,000 stations in over 100 countries globally Language United Kingdom english More Languages Login Rental cars from Sixt car hire UK Categories Economy Car Hire Luxury Car Hire Convertible Car Hire 4X4 Hire Automatic Car Hire Rent a Car Help and Feedback Rent a Convertible from Sixt Car Hire Sixt car hire offers a wide range of convertibles to hire at almost of all of our locations worldwide and in the UK. Convertibles are a fun car to rent making your vacation a little bit better. Check out all the reasons to hire a convertible as well as see the Convertibles that Sixt has in our fleet. Book Now Calculate prices Hiring a convertible in the UK is uncomplicated and can add so much to a bank holiday weekend, a mini-break or a tour. The latest convertibles are packed with features that make driving a breeze , and with far fewer compromises than days gone by: they look and feel luxurious and have superior handling. All convertibles are well insulated these days, too, and visibility is excellent even when the top is up, so there is no need to worry about the weather. Putting the top up or down is generally more straightforward than people think and can be accomplished in just moments. A large range of styles and designs available for hire means you are sure to find a model to get excited about. Some of the Sixt convertibles in the UK Fleet Category Car Name Transmission Age to Rent Navigation Included ITMR VW Eos Manual 23 No PTMR Mercedes-Benz SLK Automatic 30 Yes LTAR Mercedes-Benz E-Class Automatic 30 Yes Convertibles: the ultimate driving experience Convertibles are synonymous with style and flair, and nothing compares to the open air driving experience . Cruising along a country road on a sunny morning smelling the fresh grass, hearing the buzz of dragonflies and feeling the wind whip your hair is a pleasure that makes life worth living. Think Ferris Bueller’s Day Off . Think Thelma and Louise. Think about letting your adventurous spirit off the leash: Freedom. Think of all the fun times that can be had with rooflessness. Try driving a winding coastal road when the sky is deep blue: sea views are grand and salt spray is utterly invigorating. All the glamour of the 60s can be relived as you sweep around the bends. Add a gorgeous silk scarf and big sunglasses for the epitome of elegant open-top driving . Or, plan a short tour of the Lake District. The gentle winding roads and beautiful scenery are best enjoyed on lazy summer afternoons with the top down, listening to cool jazz. Stop for a picnic somewhere. Drive back at dusk, feeling and breathing the twilit world around you. Pull up at a country pub. Your loved one would need a heart of stone to resist such romance. Having a convertible car rental brings all of your dreams to life making your holiday better. Sixt wants to make sure everything goes perfect on your Holiday offering great convertibles at low rates . Sixt car hire is looking forward to seeing your face when you cruise out of the Sixt parking lot in a convertible. Convertibles can provide truly exquisite sensory pleasures as well. Too hot in the summer sun? Treat yourself to driving with the top down and the air conditioner on. Luxuriate in the fresh wind and cool air. And even cool weather can make for a guilty indulgence: drive top-down on a chilly day, rugged up with the heater on keeping your feet toasty warm. It’s almost criminally good. Convertible car hire supercharges your holiday like no other rental option can. Life is too short to live with motoring regret and we spend so much time in cars as it is. Why not make your next hire car the ultimate driving experience? Get the convertible. Sign up for the Sixt Flash newsletter: Drive Around in a Sixt Convertible Sixt offers a wide range of convertibles and other vehicles to hire at all of our car hire locations worldwide so no matter where you are you will be able to get a high quality vehicle at a low price with Sixt. Sixt Services Luxury Car Hire 4X4 Car Hire Compare Sixt Rates Popular Locations Majorca Locations Scotland Locations Britany Locations Contacts FAQ Career with Sixt Sixt Group Sixt News Sixt partners Agency Opportunities Affiliate Imprint CSR T & C Sixt US 21-08-13 17:21 - id:6588 