 Skip to navigation Skip to content Archives News Tips About Store Advertise Donate E-mail Headlines The Dartmouth Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2013 Updated: Aug 20 | 2:31 am EST News Opinion Sports Arts Mirror Dartbeat Media Comics Community RSS Facebook Twitter Dashboard Courtesy Of The Hood Museum Of Art Hood exhibition displays rare Picasso etchings By Madison Pauly, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 20 | 12:00 am Portraits of Parisian art dealer Ambroise Vollard, featured in a Hood Museum of Art exhibit that opened to the public on Saturday, introduce viewers to the neoclassical black and white aquatint etchings that Pablo Picasso used in his prints. More Whitaker leads stellar ensemble in ‘Lee Daniels’ The Butler’ By Varun Bhuchar, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 20 | 12:00 am Late last week, The Onion posted a video review of “Lee Daniels’ The Butler” (2013) in which they poke fun at what appears to be this year’s first example of blatant Oscar bait. The reviewer uses the word “important” to describe the film so much that despite its tongue-in-cheek tone, you might get the overwhelming urge to smack him with a thesaurus. But that’s not the only reason you should feel that way — while the film may not be “important,” it’s certainly “magnificent” and well worth your time. More Most Viewed | Latest Comments Kessner ’12 remembered for his energy and love of music Professors receive $12 million for biomedical studies Popular on the internet, Ron Paul visits campus Estate of man killed in Hanover Inn accident files lawsuit Morano Gelato changes ownership Hollisto's World Tengatenga dismissal leaves ongoing questions Miller: The Hidden Cost of Meal Plans Henrik Scheel praises social entrepreneurship Smith and Payne: Equality in Brotherhood  Friday | August 16, 2013 Circus Smirkus attracts all ages for ‘Oz Incorporated’ By Caela Murphy, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 16 | 12:00 am Last weekend, a dry expanse of land along Route 10 known as Fullington Farm Field was transformed into a playground for the imagination. Circus Smirkus, a company comprised of troupers aged 10 to 18, set up a colorful big-top in Hanover for the weekend as part of its summer tour. Lebanon Opera House maintains rich history, diverse shows By Laura Sim Aug 16 | 12:00 am In 1924, the Lebanon Opera House’s historic 51 North Park St. building was little more than a cramped meetinghouse with few plans for the future. Today, after a stint as a movie theater in the 1950s, it houses the largest proscenium theater in the Upper Valley, hosting high-profile performers and collaborating with the local community. Tuesday | August 13, 2013 Vladimir Feltsman stuns listeners with skillful performance By Madison Pauly, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 13 | 12:00 am Vladimir Feltsman’s hands, reflected in the mirrored surface of a grand piano, seemed barely capable of keeping up with his real ones during his exuberant performance Friday night. ‘Bacha Bazi artists discuss Afghani culture with experts By Heather Szilagyi, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 13 | 12:00 am The artists in residence working on “Bacha Bazi (Boy Play)” with the New York Theatre Workshop may be a fun-loving group who let loose at Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity’s foam party Friday night, but they are also doing serious work during their three-week stay at Dartmouth. Gabriel Dean’s play examines the controversial Afghan cultural practice of bacha bazi, or “dancing boys,” where young Afghani boys dance in flashy clothing at private parties and are sometimes prostituted to wealthy gentlemen. Friday | August 9, 2013 Letterpress studio offers lessons on typography and design By Caela Murphy, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 9 | 12:00 am Tucked away in the passage connecting the Baker reserve corridor and Sanborn Library, the letterpress studio offers students and community members the chance to experiment with different book art techniques. Richard Fu ’13 to promote classical music and arts on campus By Laura Sim Aug 9 | 12:00 am Convincing students to trade basements blaring billboard hits for classical music performances on Friday nights is no easy task, but Richard Fu ’13 is ready to try. A pianist and music major, Fu took over this week as the Hopkins Center’s classical music student relations advisor, where he hopes to share his passion for concertos and symphonies with his peers. Tuesday | August 6, 2013 Monmonier talks maps manipulated by Nazis, Dunkin’ Donuts By Sasha Dudding, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 6 | 12:00 am Maps can persuade, control and even enslave us, Mark Monmonier said in a lecture on Monday afternoon. Monmonier, a geography professor at Syracuse University’s Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, argued that from British colonists to Dunkin’ Donuts advertisers, mapmakers repeatedly use cartography to further their own agendas. Washington, Wahlberg channel ‘Lethal Weapon’ duo in ‘2 Guns’ By Varun Bhuchar, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 6 | 12:00 am There are movies that everyone must see, the ones so important they become a vital part of our culture and, eventually, our identity. “2 Guns” (2013) is not one of those movies. If you happen to never see it, you won’t be missing anything monumental and you can go on with your life, ignorant to whatever content it contains. However, I will say that you might miss out on a fun film that doesn’t take itself too seriously. Friday | August 2, 2013 Odokara-Okigbo ’12 channels new style in EP By Stephanie Mc Feeters, The Dartmouth Staff Aug 2 | 12:00 am Michael Odokara-Okigbo ’12, a former member of the Dartmouth Aires and a frequent lead singer for the group on NBC’s [“The Sing-Off”](http://thedartmouth.com/2011/11/29/news/aires) competition last year, will release his first EP “In the Beginning” on Aug. 13. The six-song EP will be available on iTunes for $2.99, and a portion of the proceeds will be donated to [The Mugadi Foundation](http://themugadifoundation.org/about-mugadi/), a charity Odokara-Okigbo founded with his mother after a trip to Nigeria. The foundation helps pay for children’s school fees, books and clothes in Lagos, Nigeria. Artists, students workshop new plays By Marian Lurio Aug 2 | 12:00 am Broadway and Off-Broadway actors as well as Tony and Drama Desk award recipients traveled to Hanover to participate in the 22nd annual New York Theatre Workshop and will be in residency from July 29 to Aug. 18, tweaking and editing six in-progress plays. Participants will host three staged readings at the Warner Bentley Theater Aug. 3, 10 and 17, with two plays produced each week. Job Board Top RSS Feed Search Editorial Policy Advertise Contact Us About Us Copyright 1993-2013 | The Dartmouth, Inc. | All rights reserved. Content, design, and code may not be reproduced without explicit written permission. 