 NPR Shop | NPR Social Media | Sign In | Register Find a Station  Supportprovided by:   Support provided by: Search close home news arts  life music programs listen news Morning Edition All Things Considered Fresh Air Here  Now The Diane Rehm Show On The Media On Point Talk of the Nation Science Friday Tell Me More Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday Also heard on NPR stations: Marketplace APM arts  life Ask Me Another Car Talk Radiolab Snap Judgment TED Radio Hour Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Also heard on NPR stations: This American Life PRI A Prairie Home Companion APM music All Songs Considered Alt.Latino Favorite Sessions First Listen From The Top Jazzset Live In Concert Mountain Stage Piano Jazz The Thistle  Shamrock World Cafe special series StoryCorps Planet Money Picture Show Krulwich Wonders... Cabinet of Wonders PUBLIC RADIO PROGRAMS A-Z | close hear continuous streams 24-Hour Program Stream NPR News and Shows View Schedule Find Stations | Music Streams hear the latest news Hourly News Summary [4 min 45 sec] Latest NPR Newscast Public Radio Programs A-Z | close  Arts & Life Books Movies Pop Culture Digital Life Art  Design Performing Arts Food Games  Humor  Listen to recent audio stories from this topic Add all to Playlist  Khinkali dumplings hail from Georgia and Azerbaijan. View caption Rubber Slippers In Italy / Flickr Our Quest To Build A Great Global Dumpling List ( ) The potsticker and the ravioli are global superstars, but most dumplings are known only regionally. And it's the lesser-known examples, like the Cherokee grape and the Russian pelmeni, that show how truly universal dumplings are. Help us create a master list. Conan's 'Uphill Climb' To Late-Night Throne ( ) On Fresh Air from WHYY Playlist Jay Leno: 'Tonight' Was About 'Trying To Get Johnny To Laugh' ( ) On Fresh Air from WHYY Playlist 'Cancer Chronicles' Digs Into The Complex History Of A Devastating Disease ( ) Get our critics' picks for fiction, nonfiction, cooking, crime and more. view series  New In Paperback Aug. 26-Sept. 1: Fashion, Family And David Foster Wallace ( ) In softcover nonfiction, Elizabeth Cline explores the high costs of cheap clothing, D.T. Max sheds light on the life and death of author David Foster Wallace and Marco Roth reflects on his intellectual upbringing on New York's Upper West Side. Summary The Salt Tortellini, The Dumpling Inspired By Venus' Navel ( ) Legend has it that an innkeeper caught a glimpse of the goddess of love in her bedroom and then rushed to his kitchen to create an egg pasta inspired by Venus' belly button. Today the art of making tortellini is endangered, but several groups are devising creative ways to preserve the tradition. Transcript On Morning Edition Playlist The Salt 'Braai Day' Aims To Bring S. Africans Together Over Barbecue ( ) August 26, 2013 Jan Scannell is a 32-year-old former accountant with a dream: to establish a national holiday in South Africa like July 4 called Braai Day. Braai is a South African barbecue of meat or vegetables over wood embers. Transcript On All Things Considered Playlist The Salt Sandwich Monday: A Hot Dog Cookoff ( ) August 26, 2013 For today's Sandwich Monday, we eat our way through a hot dog cookoff, and so far, we have lived to tell about it. Summary The Salt The Great Dumpling Debate: What Makes The Cut? ( ) August 26, 2013 The humble dumpling seems unencumbered by controversy until you start trying to define it. We asked three experts to weigh in. Tell us what you think, too. Summary Late Night TV Week On Fresh Air Letterman And 'Tonight' Vet Go Behind The Scenes Of Late Night ( ) August 26, 2013 Fresh Air kicks off its late night TV theme week with a 1981 David Letterman interview, in which the host describes how late night TV changed the comedy business, and a 1988 interview with one-time Tonight Show executive producer Fred de Cordova. Transcript On Fresh Air from WHYY Playlist Theater 'Pippin' Star Patina Miller Soars On Broadway ( ) August 26, 2013 Actress Patina Miller made a splash on the theater scene in 2009 as the star of Sister Act . This year, she won a Tony Award for the Broadway revival of Pippin . She portrays Leading Player, the circus artist who guides a young prince in finding meaning and magic in his life. Miller speaks with host Michel Martin about the intense physical training and personal sacrifices that went into recreating Pippin. Transcript On Tell Me More Playlist The Two-Way New Salinger Books Will Arrive In 2015, Authors Say ( ) August 26, 2013 A stream of fiction and stories written by reclusive author J.D. Salinger will be published between 2015 and 2020, according to a new biography about the writer of The Catcher in the Rye , who died in 2010. Some of the books will reportedly revisit beloved Salinger characters such as Holden Caulfield. Summary The Salt In the Beginning, There Were ... Dumplings? ( ) August 26, 2013 From Warsaw to Wuhan, people around the world love dumplings. They're tasty little packages that can be made of any grain and stuffed with whatever the locals crave. But where did they come from? Some think prehistoric people may have been cooking them up. Transcript On Morning Edition Playlist Sports Quitting Your Job For Fantasy Football ( ) August 25, 2013 Drew Dinkmeyer was an investment analyst. Pretty steady job, right? He left that job - in this economic climate - to become a full-time fantasy sports player. Transcript On All Things Considered Playlist PG-13: Risky Reads Braving Both Napoleonic France And Teenage Angst With Aplomb ( ) August 25, 2013 Annemarie Selinko's Desiree , a novel about a silk merchant's daughter who almost married Napoleon, was the first book that author Fiona Maazel ever read with excitement. What book turned you into a reader? Tell us in the comments. Summary Author Interviews Haitian Youth Illuminated In 'Sea Light' ( ) August 25, 2013 Claire of the Sea Light is award-winning author Edwidge Danticat's newest work of fiction. She spoke to host Rachel Martin about how experiences of her own childhood in Haiti are reflected in her young protagonist. Transcript On Weekend Edition Sunday Playlist Sunday Puzzle It's All Greek To Me ( ) August 25, 2013 You're given some sentences. Each sentence conceals the name of a language in consecutive letters. Name the language. Each answer has five or more letters. Transcript On Weekend Edition Sunday Playlist Author Interviews 'The Blessing Cup': Polacco And Her Family Of Storytellers ( ) August 24, 2013 Patricia Polacco has written and illustrated more than 90 picture books, and she says her early life had a profound effect on her work. In her latest children's book, The Blessing Cup , Polacco takes readers back to her grandparents' time in Russia. Transcript On All Things Considered Playlist Book Reviews Stripe-Torn Tigers, Fake Nazis And Magic Cake In 'The Color Master' ( ) August 24, 2013 Aimee Bender's new story collection, The Color Master , is full of fractured fairy tales that flavor everyday lives and neuroses with a liberal dash of magic. Reviewer Alan Cheuse says Bender's work is "akin to the best of Italo Calvino in its matter-of-fact treatment of the fantastic." Summary Author Interviews Sisterly Conflict Against A Great War Backdrop In 'Daughters Of Mars' ( ) August 24, 2013 Thomas Keneally's new novel, The Daughters of Mars , follows two Australian sisters who become nurses during World War I. Naomi and Sally Durance share a guilty secret, but they don't share any sisterly closeness 창 until the horrors of war begin to bind them together. Transcript On Weekend Edition Saturday Playlist more Arts & Life  Books 'Cancer Chronicles' Digs Into The Complex History Of A Devastating Disease Aug. 26-Sept. 1: Fashion, Family And David Foster Wallace New Salinger Books Will Arrive In 2015, Authors Say    Movies A Crawl Through 'The World's End' 'World's End' Finishes Comic Trilogy On A High Note Batman Fans Howling After Ben Affleck Casting  Digital Life Faux Instagram Tutorial Teaches Seniors How To Tech Facebook: U.S. Wanted Data On 20,000 Of Its Users This Year Weekly Innovation: A Mattress That Makes It Easier To Cuddle    Pop Culture Conan's 'Uphill Climb' To Late-Night Throne Jay Leno: 'Tonight' Was About 'Trying To Get Johnny To Laugh' Letterman And 'Tonight' Vet Go Behind The Scenes Of Late Night  Food Our Quest To Build A Great Global Dumpling List Turning Off The Spigot In Western Kansas Farmland Tortellini, The Dumpling Inspired By Venus' Navel    Games Sandwich Monday: A Hot Dog Cookoff Quitting Your Job For Fantasy Football It's All Greek To Me  News Patients Love A Gentler Approach To Surgery, But Surgeons Balk Retired Gen. Wesley Clark Talks About Precedents And Syria Our Quest To Build A Great Global Dumpling List Podcast + RSS Feeds Podcast RSS NPR: Culturetopia  Subscribe to NPR: Culturetopia podcast via: Or use this URL: close  Arts & Life Subscribe to Arts & Life podcast via: Or use this URL: close     Book Reviews 'Death And The Penguin' Captures Post-Soviet Reality 'Pride And Prejudice' Meets 'Clue' At 'Pemberley' Brutal And Perfect 'Third Reich': Bolano's Final Gift  Arts Interviews John Gallagher Jr. On 'Newsroom' Dialogue And Staging Green Day 'Quartet': Dustin Hoffman, Behind The Camera Oliver Sacks, Exploring How Hallucinations Happen    NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor  AP News Wire: Entertainment From the Associated Press Look Out: A Fall Harvest Of New Broadcast TV Shows '42' Actor Boseman To Play James Brown In Biopic Selena Gomez: Don't Ask What Swift Said At VMAs View More Last updated: 3:30 pmET   npr always on Newsletters Podcasts Mobile RSS Feeds Widgets API Radio news U.S. World Opinion Politics Business Technology Science Health Sports arts  life Books Movies Pop Culture Food Performing Arts Games  Humor music Music Articles Music Videos NPR Music Radio Browse Genres Browse Artists A-Z All Songs Considered Alt.Latino First Listen Live In Concert Marian McPartland's Piano Jazz The Thistle  Shamrock World Cafe programs a-z All Things Considered Ask Me Another Cabinet of Wonders Car Talk The Diane Rehm Show Fresh Air Morning Edition On The Media On Point Talk of the Nation TED Radio Hour Tell Me More Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday listen Hourly News NPR Program Stream Schedule Find Station Streams more Multimedia Columns Blogs Analysis Commentary NPR Ombudsman StateImpact about This Is NPR Support and Sponsor Press Room Careers NPR Shop Contact Us Copyright NPR Terms of Use Privacy Policy Sponsorship Choices Permissions Corrections Text-Only Site Help Contact Us Donate  