 Home Admission UT Virtual View Book Customize your own view book and learn about UT Learn more Apply Visit Campus Request Information Incoming Freshman Transfer Adult Learner International Summer Session Guest Student Military Graduate/Professional Admitted/New Rocket High School Programs Guidance Counselor Parent  Family Colleges  Programs Our colleges feature hundreds of undergraduate, graduate and professional degrees – check them out! Adult and Lifelong Learning Business and Innovation Education, Judith Herb College of Engineering Exploratory Studies Graduate Studies Health Sciences Honors Languages, Literature and Social Sciences Law Medicine and Life Sciences Natural Sciences and Mathematics Nursing Online Learning Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences Social Justice and Human Service Visual and Performing Arts YouCollege Athletics UT Rockets Read the latest news about UT Rocket's Athletics Learn more Men's Baseball Basketball Cross Country Football Golf Tennis Women's Basketball Cross Country Golf Soccer Softball Swimming  Diving Tennis Track  Field Volleyball Directions  Maps About UT A University Rising Video highlights of President Lloyd Jacobs 6th annual address. Learn more About UT Visit UT Calendars News Campus Directory Leadership Board of Trustees Diversity Research Accreditation/Self Study Employment Opportunities A-Z List Medical Center UTMC Named Regions #1 Hospital U.S. News and World Report recognizes a higher degree of healing Learn more Find a Physician Medical Services Make an Appointment Make a Payment Career Opportunities News  Events Patients  Guests Research  Education Directions  Maps  T he U niversity of T oledo About Toledo, Ohio Welcome Home Arts and Entertainment Sports and Recreation Entertainment and Shopping Professional Life Dining / Contact Us webmaster@utoledo.edu  Arts and Entertainment   If you like amazing art and incredible cultural offerings, Toledo has something for  everyone! In particular, the Toledo Museum of Art is one of the best art museums in the country - it even has a Monet painting, Water Lilies ! While there, take your time and enjoy paintings by Renoir or sculptures by Alexander  Calder. Admission is free, thanks to the founder and first president Edward Drummond  Libbey who wanted art to be accessible to everyone. If you enjoy glass works, Toledo  is the right place! The Studio Glass Movement was started in the Toledo region and  the Glass Pavilion is the perfect place to view amazing glass. The Glass Pavilion also offers classes  about glass working techniques. Also, there are special glass exhibitions, art studios  (for classes), and demonstration areas and showcases more than 5,000 works of art  from ancient to modern times. After you've stopped by the Toledo Museum of Art and the Glass Pavilion, there are  many art galleries and studios that you can also visit: Copper Moon Studio Gallery and Gifts Firenation Glass Studio and Gallery Carruth Studio Prism GlassWorks, Ltd. The Arts Commission of Toledo These are great places to give gifts to your family over the holiday season so that they can have a little piece of Toledo with them while you're away at school. The local artists at each studio provides creative art to make everyone smile!  Art not really your thing? That's okay because there are plenty of places to enjoy live performances in the Toledo region! The Stranahan Theater provides entertainment from musicals to musical acts to plays to ballet performances. Also, the historic Valentine Theatre is a great place to see and hear the sounds of the Toledo Symphony, Toledo Opera, Toledo Ballet and many other great organizations. A little further down the road is the Toledo Repertoire Theatre , another great place to view live performances and you can even try out to be part of the productions! Are concerts more you're thing? Toledo has that too! The Huntington Center, located in the heart of downtown Toledo, has many great names that play at the venue. Also, Headliners is another great place to catch live shows and listen to great music. And not too far, is The Fillmore, located in Detroit, MI and the Palace of Auburn Hills. Not only are these close to Toledo but there are other venues in Chicago, Columbus, Cleveland and Cincinnati that aren't took far to travel to see shows! If you don't want to go too far and like to listen to local entertainment, check out places like: The Attic on Adams The Blarney Irish Pub Table 44 The Bronze Boar Ye Olde Durty Bird The Claddagh Irish Pub       Page top  Quick Links About UT About Toledo, Ohio Academics Administration Administrative Offices Admission Athletics Bookstores Calendars Campus Directory Campuses Centers Colleges  Programs Contact Us Current Students Degrees - Graduate Degrees - Undergraduate Departments, Academic Directions  Maps Diversity Email - Student Email - Employee Employment Opportunities Faculty  Staff Giving Libraries myUT News Scholarships Strategic Plan Student Government Student Organizations Tuition, Fees and Dates University Journals UT Alert UT Policies Connect with us Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on YouTube The University of Toledo • 2801 W. Bancroft • Toledo, OH 43606-3390 © 2013 The University of Toledo. All rights reserved. • 1.800.586.5336 Terms of Use Accessibility Feedback Contact us Last Updated: 4/23/13 