  Calendar  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies News Home The Snitch Blog Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Calendar Home Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Tickets Music Home All Shook Down Blog Concert Calendar Bars and Clubs Bouncer Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile Music Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Restaurants Home SFoodie Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Arts Home The Exhibitionist Blog Theater Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Film Home Showtimes Film Festivals Film Newsletter Get Mobile Free Stuff Best Of Home 2012 2011 2010 2009 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads Promotions Home Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter Alternative Healing MMJ Home MMJ News Dispensary Guide MMJ Newsletter  Food Music Events Movies Search Events Filter Events Date Tue Aug 27th - Mon Sep 2nd T 27  W 28  T 29  F 30  S 31  S 1  M 2  This Weekend Range Date Range:  -  Event Type  Music (1470)  Nightlife (1125)  Free Events (399)  On The Cheap (301)  LGBT Events (135)  Arts (111)  Comedy (80) Show More   Music (1470)  Nightlife (1125)  Free Events (399)  On The Cheap (301)  LGBT Events (135)  Arts (111)  Comedy (80)  Activism (6)  Art - Classes (1)  Art - Galleries (31)  Art - Museums (31)  Arts (111)  Benefits (11)  Burlesque (13)  Cabaret and Drag (31)  Children's Events (27)  Circus (4)  Classes and Seminars (29)  Comedy (80)  Competitions (1)  Conferences and Conventions (2)  Craft Events (4)  Cultural Events (34)  Cycling (2)  Dance - Participatory (18)  Dance - Performances (7)  Education (2)  Environmental (2)  Family Events (22)  Farmers' Markets (6)  Fashion and Style (6)  Festivals (27)  Film Events and Repertory (27)  Flea Markets (5)  Food and Drink (33)  Food Events (15)  Free Events (399)  Games (23)  Happy Hours (14)  Health and Fitness (9)  History (13)  Holiday (1)  Home and Garden (1)  Lectures (7)  LGBT Events (135)  Libations (16)  Literary Events (41)  Mind and Body (9)  Museum Exhibits and Events (62)  Music (1470)  Nature (6)  New Year's Eve (2)  Nightlife (1125)  Off The Wall (1)  On The Cheap (301)  Open Mic (21)  Opera (2)  Out of Town (48)  Outdoors (27)  Parades (2)  Parks and Preserves (8)  Performance Art (1)  Performing Arts (7)  Pets (5)  Poetry and Spoken Word (18)  Politics (1)  Promotional Events (14)  Public Interest (1)  Religion and Spirituality (1)  Sex and Fetish Events (11)  Sports - Participatory (13)  Sports - Spectator (3)  Support Groups and Hotlines (6)  Talks (6)  Technology Events (2)  Teen Events (1)  Television (2)  Theater (23)  Tours (22)  Volunteer Opportunities (10)  Women's Events (3) Neighborhood  City of San Francisco (1756)  Check/UnCheck All    Bayview-Hunters Point (8)   Castro/ Noe Valley (92)   Embarcadero (49)   Haight/ Fillmore (134)   Hayes Valley/ Tenderloin (206)   Ingleside/ Excelsior (5)   Japantown/Pacific Heights (91)   Lake Merced (4)   Marina/ Cow Hollow (32)   Mission/ Bernal Heights (385)   Nob Hill/ Russian Hill/ Fisherman's Wharf (91)   North Beach/ Chinatown (99)   Parkside/ Forest Hill (10)   Potrero Hill (56)   Richmond (Inner) (40)   Richmond (Outer) (22)   South of Market (278)   Sunset (Inner) (8)   Sunset (Outer) (14)   The Presidio (13)   Treasure Island (7)   Twin Peaks/ Glen Park (4)   Union Square/ Financial District (105)   West Portal (3)  East Bay (150)  Check/UnCheck All    Alameda (1)   Downtown Berkeley (24)   Downtown Oakland (73)   East Oakland (9)   Elmwood (3)   Glenview (3)   Grand Lake (1)   Jack London Square (16)   Montclair (1)   San Leandro (2)   San Rafael (4)   Temescal (7)   Walnut Creek and East (3)   West Berkeley (3)  NoCal (19)  Check/UnCheck All    Big Sur (2)   Monterey (1)   San Jose (16)  North Bay (5)  Check/UnCheck All    Fairfax (2)   Mill Valley (1)   Stinson Beach (2)  Out of Town (3)  Check/UnCheck All    Out of Town (3)  Peninsula (14)  Check/UnCheck All    Daly City (3)   Half Moon Bay (1)   Mountain View (10)  Calendar of Events in San Francisco Tuesday, August 27 Sketch Tuesdays  111 Minna Gallery Sketch Tuesdays, founded in 2006, is a monthly event where 20 or so local artists hang out and make their art on a small scale. When the artwork is completed it becomes available to purchase by the audience mingling nearby -- and often for cheap! If you like the funky fresh art up on the wall just go find the artist seated at a cafeteria-style table and buy the art directly from the source.... Read more about this event  Adapting to Sea Level Rise in the Bay Area  Commonwealth Club Global sea levels are expected to rise dramatically over the next 100 years, a scary prospect for residents of a city surrounded by water. But beyond signing up for swimming lessons, what can we do to prepare? The Commonwealth Club tackles that question tonight with Adapting to Sea Level Rise in the Bay Area. The panel of experts features the senior scientist at the San Francisco Estuary... Read more about this event  The Breeders  The Fillmore If you, like us, were heartbroken to find out that Kim Deal isn't responsible for the backing vocals on the Pixies' recent single "Bagboy" (that's Bunnies vocalist Jeremy Dubs), and won't be on the next Pixies tour (Kim Shattuck from the Muffs is doing it), you are probably as thrilled as we are to hear that Ms. Deal is finally bringing The Breeders back to S.F. With the original lineup in... Read more about this event  The Cyrus Cylinder and Ancient Persia: A New Beginning  Asian Art Museum of San Francisco The Cyrus Cylinder is one of the worlds greatest surviving documents governing peoples personal freedoms  as important as the U.S. Constitution and Englands Magna Carta, but dating back much further to 539 BCE, when Persias Cyrus the Great conquered Babylon. Written in Babylonian cuneiform, the Cyrus Cylinder established the rights of conquered people to... Read more about this event  More Tuesday Events >> Wednesday, August 28 Hiking Yoga  Multiple San Francisco Locations Eric Kipp may be brilliant. Without a doubt, the spirit of San Francisco itself pulses quickly in his veins, because he is the creator of Hiking Yoga. It's exactly what it sounds like; you follow the charge up one of our butt-bustin' hills, and once you're up there, the organizer/sherpas hand out mats and water, and you do some yoga. The courses are chosen for their vistas as well as for... Read more about this event  Guided Tours of Coit Tower Murals  Coit Tower Coit Tower has its history, and it's definitely got its views -- and some of the best of each is inside the tower itself. The murals, commissioned during the beginning of the New Deal in the 1930s as a way to get artists back to work were painted by some masters in modern art history. After Diego Rivera's Man at the Crossroads was defaced at Rockefeller Center for including leftist ideas,... Read more about this event  Oceans: Open for Business  Commonwealth Club The coast is clear  financially, at least. Take part in the Commonwealth Club's Oceans: Open for Business, in which entrepreneurs and investors join scientists and policymakers in the fight for ocean sustainability. Together, these professionals will evaluate the benefit of market-based approaches to sustainability to help communities on the coast and foster biodiversity. There's no... Read more about this event  The Breeders  The Fillmore If you, like us, were heartbroken to find out that Kim Deal isn't responsible for the backing vocals on the Pixies' recent single "Bagboy" (that's Bunnies vocalist Jeremy Dubs), and won't be on the next Pixies tour (Kim Shattuck from the Muffs is doing it), you are probably as thrilled as we are to hear that Ms. Deal is finally bringing The Breeders back to S.F. With the original lineup in... Read more about this event  More Wednesday Events >> Thursday, August 29 Messiah Complex  Palace of Fine Arts A night with a good stand-up comedian can be a lot of things: hilarious, disturbing, enlightening, and, sometimes, even educational. But one thing it usually isn't is philosophical. Russell Brand, best known for his portrayal of a spaced-out rock star in Forgetting Sarah Marshall, is about to change that. His current show, Messiah Complex, brings the laughs we expect, but poses serious... Read more about this event  Lucy Corin's Apocalypse Party  Amnesia Just out from McSweeney's, Lucy Corin's One Hundred Apocalypses and Other Apocalypses is a collection of short devastations that range in attitude and build in effect through what seems like an endless parade of experience: time-traveling, reviews of imagined movies, tongue-in-cheek self-awareness, rules for the end times  it's all here. The book's two longer stories are visionary,... Read more about this event  The Garage's Resident Artist Workshop  The Garage Ballet serves as a foundational technique for much of western dance, consisting of an aesthetic that favors the body as an abstract: the architecture of the physique distilled into the clarity of a few well placed lines, relationships that sublimate passion into virtuosity, patterns that emphasize a communal vision of unison and uniformity. The Garage's Resident Artist Workshop has long been... Read more about this event  More Thursday Events >> Friday, August 30 Some Thing  The Stud The unGoogleable inheritor of the Trannyshack art-drag scepter is known as Some Thing; each Friday brings a new theme via semi-pun. It could be simple, such as Some Thing Good, or it could be A Lil Sumptin Some Thing, which is funny but what are you going to wear? The first show begins at 11 p.m., and this segment is titled Some Thing  its danger-drag; unexpected,... Read more about this event  "The Teenage Dance Craze"  The Knockout We're just dreaming, but here is our dream: to see dive-bar dancers whose attention to detail matches the obsession of Bay Area vintage-music DJs. For example, at Lonely Teardrops' doo-wop night about a year ago, we lost our composure and requested a Claudine Clark song. "I have one," the DJ said, looking guilty. "But Claudine Clark is girl group, not doo-wop, so I might get in trouble with... Read more about this event  Doing Your Dirty Work Two: A Sampler of Contemporary Art About Sex  Center for Sex & Culture Promising art that "runs from comical to carnivorous and from haute to hairy," and with 32 pieces by 32 artists, "Doing Your Dirty Work" serves up a veritable pornucopia of erotic art. According to the curators, the call for submissions drew hundreds of entries from all over the country, including many "from artists whose sexual work is excluded from their otherwise successful careers."... Read more about this event  More Friday Events >> Saturday, August 31 Beach Blanket Babylon Club Fugazi Every San Franciscan has a list of local activities they haven't done that the average visitor to this city probably has. For us, that was Beach Blanket Babylon, the North Beach musical revue famous for its huge hats and culture-skewering whimsy. The show comes recommended by seemingly every travel guide, as well as local newspaper critics. But BBB is one of those things, like going to... Read more about this event  Ferry Plaza Saturday Farmers' Market  Ferry Building Tomatoes, bell peppers, and jalapeo. Three examples of things that are nearly impossible to grow in this city -- even in the Mission sun. But fear not, you don't have to cut them out of your diet or resort to a supermarket. Every Saturday morning, growers from around the Bay Area and beyond gather at the Ferry Building with the best of their harvests. You don't need to bring a lot of... Read more about this event  San Francisco Zine Fest  San Francisco County Fair Building Zines, those small, independently published papers beloved by DIY folks and punk rockers the world over, exemplify the best ideals of our tech-crazy connected world. And they've done so since long before the advent of tweets, texts or Snapchats. Modern tools like Blogger, Facebook, and YouTube are free to use, but they're full of ads, and require giving your personal information to private... Read more about this event  More Saturday Events >> Sunday, September 01 Pug Sunday  Alta Plaza Park They're squat, fat, and prone to a myriad of health issues. They resemble miniature Ewoks and can be heard blocks away by their heavy snorting and grunting. Of course the people of San Francisco want to dedicate one day each month to this creature, the pug. Pug owners, enthusiasts, and friends of the pug gather every first Sunday of the month to play, socialize, and butt sniff. As many as 75... Read more about this event  The Art of Painting Music: Allegro (ma non troppo)  de Young Museum Peggy Gyulai creates luscious paintings from listening to music, but the songs aren't just for inspiration. They inform everything about Gyulai's canvases: the textures, the forms, the style of painting. Gyulia deconstructs jazz, classical and other kinds of music, and reinterprets it in oil. She's doing it these days before an audience of art-goers at the de Young Museum, where she's an... Read more about this event  Macbeth Presidio Parade Grounds Macbeth desperately wants to be king. Egged on by his wife and the witches' prophecy, he kills King Duncan and takes the throne. But when violence is used to assuage ambition, it has a habit of returning to wreak havoc  something Macbeth discovers far too late. This classic tale of murder, paranoia, and unintended consequences is one of Shakespeare's darkest. It's also rumored to be... Read more about this event  More Sunday Events >> Monday, September 02 Animal Attraction  California Academy of Sciences In ancient Rome, the god of fertility was honored in February, with ceremonial love lotteries and mock-floggings with a bloody goatskin. Even those are a pale reflection of truly bizarre courtships that unfold in the natural world. For example, the common garden snail is a hermaphrodite that carries both sets of genitals near its head. Once a week, it engages a new companion in an orgy of... Read more about this event  Mark di Suvero at Crissy Field  Crissy Field With Mark di Suvero at Crissy Field, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art starts off big with its plans to go beyond its walls during the museums expansion project. In partnership with the National Park Service and Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy, eight of di Suveros large-scale steel sculptures will be installed at Crissy Field. The museums director, Neal... Read more about this event  Word Perfect  Andrea Schwartz Gallery Being the best-selling author on the planet affords one a certain street cred. With some figures placing her above J.K. Rowling and Dr. Seuss combined, romance novelist Danielle Steel knows a thing or two about the written word. The author and philanthropist, who splits her time between S.F. and Paris, also operated Steel Gallery in Presidio Heights from 2003 until she closed it in 2007 at... Read more about this event  More Monday Events >> About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Advertising Contact Us National Classified Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? 2013 SF Weekly, LP, All rights reserved. Loading...  