 All material contained herein is copyright (c) John Wiley & Sons, Inc. 1996All Rights Reserved. No use of this material may be made without express writtenpermission of the copyright holder. Designed and executed by Paul Constantine(paulc@inch.com) Sample Material The following material is copyright  1996, Byron Preiss Visual Publications, Inc. and Forbes Inc. All Rights Reserved. Published by John Wiley  Sons, Inc. No use may be made of this material without the express written consent of the copyright holder. Henry Ford And The Model T On May 26, 1927, Henry Ford watched the fifteen millionth Model T Fordroll off the assembly line at his factory in Highland Park,Michigan. Since his "universal car" was the industrial success storyof its age, the ceremony should have been a happy occasion. Yet Fordwas probably wistful that day, too, knowing as he did that the longproduction life of the Model T was about to come to an end. He climbedinto the car, a shiny black coupe, with his son, Edsel, the presidentof the Ford Motor Company. Together, they drove to the DearbornEngineering Laboratory, fourteen miles away, and parked the T next totwo other historic vehicles: the first automobile that Henry Fordbuilt in 1896, and the 1908 prototype for the Model T. Henry himselftook each vehicle for a short spin: the nation's richest man drivingthe humble car that had made him the embodiment of the American dream. Henry Ford invented neither the automobile nor the assembly line, butrecast each to dominate a new era. Indeed, no other individual in thiscentury so completely transformed the nation's way of life. Byimproving the assembly line so that the Model T could be produced evermore inexpensively, Ford placed the power of the internal combustionengine within reach of the average citizen. He transformed theautomobile itself from a luxury to a necessity. The Advent of the Model T seemed to renew a sense of independenceamong Americans who had lost their pioneer spirit toindustrialization. Yet the methods that Henry Ford devised forproducing his car so efficiently advanced that veryindustrialization. Like its inventor, the Model T represented bothhigh ideals and hard practicalities. A Tinkerer In An Emerging Industry By rights, Henry Ford probably should have been a farmer. He was bornin 1863 in Dearborn, Michigan, on the farm operated by his father, anIrishman, and his mother, who was from Dutch stock. Even as a boy,young Henry had an aptitude for inventing and used it to make machinesthat reduced the drudgery of farm chores. At the age of thirteen, hesaw a coal-fired steam engine lumbering along a long rural road, asight that galvanized his fascination with machines. At sixteen,against the wishes of his father, he left the farm for Detroit, wherehe found work as a mechanic's apprentice. Over the next dozen years headvanced steadily, and became chief engineer at the EdisonIlluminating Company. At twenty-four, Ford married Clara Bryant, afriend of his sister's; he called her "The Believer," because sheencouraged his plans to build a horseless carriage from their earliestdays together. For as Henry Ford oversaw the steam engines andturbines that produced electricity for Detroit Edison, inventors inthe U.S. and Europe were adapting such engines to small passengervehicles. On January 29, 1886, Karl Benz received a patent for a crudegas-fueled car, which he demonstrated later that year on the streetsof Mannhelm, Germany. And in 1893, Charles and Frank Duryea, ofSpringfield, Massachusetts, built the first gas-operated vehicle inthe U.S. In the 1890s, any mechanic with tools, a workbench, and a healthyimagination was a potential titan in the infant industry. Even whilecontinuing his career at Edison, Ford devoted himself to making aworking automobile. In 1891, he presented Clara with a design for aninternal combustion engine, drawn on the back of a piece of sheetmusic. Bringing the design to reality was another matter, but onChristmas Eve 1893 he made a successful test of one of his engines, inthe kitchen sink. The engine was merely the heart of the new machine that Ford hoped tobuild. On weekends and most nights, he could be found in a shed in theback of the family home, building the rest of the car. So great washis obsession that the neighbors called him Crazy Henry. However, at2:00 A.M. on June 4, 1896, Crazy Henry punched a large hole in thewall of his shed, and emerged at the wheel of an automobile -- hisautomobile. In the weeks that followed, Ford was often seen drivingaround the streets of Detroit. Later that year, Ford attended a national meeting of Edisonemployees. Thomas A. Edison had been Ford's idol for years. But at themeeting, it was Edison who asked to meet the young inventor, afterword got around that the obscure engineer from Detroit had actuallybuilt an automobile. "Young man, you have the right idea," Edisonsaid. "Keep right at it". Ironically, he was adamant that Ford notwaste his time trying to make a car run viably on electricity. Back in Detroit, Ford showed that he was no mere hobbyist: he sold hisprototype for $200. For three years, he watched the new field ofautomaking develop, and he progressed along with it. In 1899, thirtyAmerican manufacturers -- most of them based in New England --produced about 2,500 cars. Still, most Americans in the market forautomobiles became accustomed to buying imported ones. In 1898,though, the domestic bicycle industry faced an unusual slump and manymanufacturers decided to turn to automaking to keep the factoriesbusy. Offered a senior position and part ownership of a new company, theDetroit Automobile Co., Ford, thirty-six years old, quit the EdisonIlluminating Company. Across town, the firm that would becomeOldsmobile was launched at the same time. The Detroit AutomobileCo. failed, without producing any cars, and Henry Ford was ousted byangry investors. (The firm survived, emerging from reorganization asthe Cadillac Motor Car Company.) Building A Motorcar For The Great Multitude Ford continued to pursue his dream. Early automobile promotion tookplace largely on the racetrack, where manufacturers sought to proveroadworthiness by putting their cars on public view and pressing themto their very limits. In 1901, Henry Ford poured his expertise into apair of big race cars, one of which he entered in a ten-mile matchrace against a car built by Alexander Winton, a leading automaker fromOhio. The race took place in Grosse Pointe, Michigan, and Ford's carwon. Because of the victory, the coal merchant Alexander Malcomsonagreed to back Ford in a new business venture. In 1903, they formedthe Ford Motor Company, in association with about a dozen otherinvestors. Capitalized at $100,000, the company actually started withcash on hand of about $28,000. Some investors contributed other typesof capital; for example, the Dodge brothers, John and Horace, agreedto supply engines. The company purchased most of the major components for its new models,a common practice of the day. Teams of mechanics built carsindividually at workstations, gathering parts as needed until a carwas complete. In 1903, Ford's 125 workers made 1,700 cars in threedifferent models. The cars were comparatively expensive, and theirhigh profit-margins pleased the stockholders. Malcomson decided tostart yet another automobile company. But when it failed, he wasforced to sell his other assets, including his shares in Ford. HenryFord bought enough of them to assume a majority position. The mostimportant stockholder outside of the Ford family was James Couzens,Malcomson's former clerk; as General Manager, then vice president andsecretary-treasurer at the Ford Motor Company, he was effectivelysecond-in-command throughout many of the Model T years. The direction of the company toward even pricier models had botheredHenry Ford. He used his new power to curtail their production, a movethat coincided with the Panic of 1907. This case of accidental goodtiming probably saved the company. Ford, insisting that high pricesultimately slowed market expansion, had decided in 1906 to introduce anew, cheaper model with a lower profit margin: the Model N. Many ofhis backers disagreed. While the N was only a tepid success, Fordnonetheless pressed forward with the design of the car he reallywanted to build. The car that would be the Model T. "I will build a motorcar for the great multitude," he proclaimed. Sucha notion was revolutionary. Until then the automobile had been astatus symbol painstakingly manufactured by craftsmen. But Ford setout to make the car a commodity. "Just like one pin is like anotherpin when it comes from the pin factory, or one match is like anothermatch when it comes from the match factory," he said. This was but thefirst of several counterintuitive moves that Ford made throughout hisunpredictable career. Prickly, brilliant, willfully eccentric, herelied more on instinct than business plans. As the eminent economistJohn Kenneth Galbraith later said: "If there is any certainty as towhat a businessman is, he is assuredly the things Ford was not." In the winter of 1906, Ford had secretly partitioned a twelve-byfifteen-foot room in his plant, on Piquette Avenue in Detroit. With afew colleagues, he devoted two years to the design and planning of theModel T. Early on, they made an extensive study of materials, the mostvaluable aspect of which began in an offhand way. During a car race inFlorida, Ford examined the wreckage of a French car and noticed thatmany of its parts were of lighter-than-ordinary steel. The team onPiquette Avenue ascertained that the French steel was a vanadiumalloy, but that no one in America knew how to make it. The fineststeel alloys then used in American automaking provided 60,000 poundsof tensile strength. Ford learned that vanadium steel, which was muchlighter, provided 170,000 pounds of tensile strength. As part of thepre-production for the new model, Ford imported a metallurgist andbankrolled a steel mill. As a result, the only cars in the world toutilize vanadium steel in the next five years would be French luxurycars and the Ford Model T. A Model T might break down every sooften, but it would not break. The car that finally emerged from Ford's secret design section at thefactory would change America forever. For $825, a Model T customercould take home a car that was light, at about 1,200 pounds;relatively powerful, with a four-cylinder, twenty horsepower engine,and fairly easy to drive, with a two-speed, foot-controlled"planetary" transmission. Simple, sturdy, and versatile, the littlecar would excite the public imagination. It certainly fired up itsinventor: when Henry Ford brought the prototype out of the factory forits first test drive, he was too excited to drive. An assistant had totake the wheel. "Well, I guess we've got started," Ford observed at the time. The carwent to the first customers on October 1, 1908. In its first year,over ten thousand were sold, a new record for an automobilemodel. Sales of the "Tin Lizzie," or "flivver," as the T was known,were boosted by promotional activities ranging from a black-tie "FordClinic" in New York, where a team of mechanics showcased the car, toModel T rodeos out west, in which cowboys riding in Fords tried torope calves. In 1909, mining magnate Robert Guggenheim sponsored anauto race from New York to Seattle in which the only survivors weretwo Model T Fords. "I believe Mr. Ford has the solution of the popularautomobile," Guggenheim concluded. In the early years, Model Ts were produced at Piquette Avenue in muchthe same way that all other cars were built. Growing demand for thenew Ford overwhelmed the old method, though. Ford realized that he notonly had to build a new factory, but a new system within that factory. Throughout his tenure as the head of the company, Henry Ford believedin maintaining enormous cash reserves, a policy that allowed him toplan a new facility for production of the Model T without interferenceor outside pressure. The new Highland Park factory, which opened in1910, was designed by the nation's leading industrial architect,Albert Kahn. It was unparalleled in scale, sprawling over sixty-twoacres. John D. Rockefeller, whose Standard Oil refineries had alwaysrepresented state-of-the-art design, called Highland Park "theindustrial miracle of the age." In its first few years, the four-story Highland Park factory wasorganized from top to bottom. Assembly wound downward, from the fourthfloor, where body panels were hammered out, to the third floor, whereworkers placed tires on wheels and painted auto bodies. After assemblywas completed on the second floor, new automobiles descended a finalramp past the first-floor offices. Production increased byapproximately 100 percent in each of the first three years, from19,000 in 1910, to 34,500 in 1911, to a staggering 78,440 in 1912. Itwas still only a start. "I'm going to democratize the automobile," Henry Ford had said in1909. "When I'm through, everybody will be able to afford one, andabout everybody will have one." The means to this end was a continuousreduction in price. When it sold for $575 in 1912, the Model T for thefirst time cost less than the prevailing average annual wage in theUnited States. Ignoring conventional wisdom, Ford continuallysacrificed profit margins to increase sales. In fact, profits per cardid fall as he slashed prices from $220 in 1909 to $99 in 1914. Butsales exploded, rising to 248,000 in 1913. Moreover, Ford demonstratedthat a strategic, systematic lowering of prices could boost profits,as net income rose from $3 million in 1909 to $25 million in 1914. AsFord's U.S. market share rose from a respectable 9.4 percent in 1908to a formidable 48 percent in 1914, the Model T dominated the world'sleading market. At Highland Park, Ford began to implement factory automation in1910. But experimentation would continue every single day for the nextseventeen years, under one of Ford's maxims: "Everything can always bedone better than it is being done." Ford and his efficiency expertsexamined every aspect of assembly and tested new methods to increaseproductivity. The boss himself claimed to have found the inspirationfor the greatest breakthrough of all, the moving assembly line, on atrip to Chicago: "The idea came in a general way from the overheadtrolley that the Chicago packers use in dressing beef," Ford said. Atthe stockyards, butchers removed certain cuts as each carcass passedby, until nothing was left. Ford reversed the process. His use of themoving assembly line was complicated by the fact that parts, oftenmade on sub-assembly lines, had to feed smoothly into theprocess. Timing was crucial: a clog along a smaller line would slowwork farther along. The first moving line was tested with assembly ofthe flywheel magneto, showing a saving of six minutes, fifty secondsover the old method. As similar lines were implemented throughoutHighland Park, the assembly time for a Model T chassis dropped fromtwelve hours, thirty minutes to five hours, fifty minutes. The pace only accelerated, as Ford's production engineers experimentedwith work slides, rollways, conveyor belts, and hundreds of otherideas. The first and most effective assembly line in the automobileindustry was continually upgraded. Those most affected were, ofcourse, the workers. As early as January 1914, Ford developed an"endless chain-driven" conveyor to move the chassis from oneworkstation to another; workers remained stationary. Three monthslater, the company created a "man high" line -- with all the parts andbelts at waist level, so that workers could repeat their assignedtasks without having to move their feet. In 1914, 13,000 workers at Ford made 260,720 cars. By comparison, inthe rest of the industry, it took 66,350 workers to make286,770. Critics charged that the division of the assembly processinto mindless, repetitive tasks turned most of Ford's employees intounthinking automatons, and that manipulation of the pace of the linewas tantamount to slave driving by remote control. The men who madecars no longer had to be mechanically inclined, as in the earlierdays; they were just day laborers. Ford chose to see the biggerpicture of the employment he offered. "I have heard it said, in fact,I believe it's quite a current thought, that we have taken skill outof work," he said. "We have not. We have put a higher skill intoplanning, management, and tool building, and the results of that skillare enjoyed by the man who is not skilled." But the unskilled workers, many of them foreign born, didn't enjoytheir work, earning a mediocre $2.38 for a nine-hour day. Indeed, thesimplification of the jobs created a treacherous backlash: highturnover. Over the course of 1913, the company had to hire 963 workersfor every 100 it needed to maintain on the payroll. To keep aworkforce of 13,600 employees in the factory, Ford continually spentmoney on short-term training. Even though the company introduced aprogram of bonuses and generous benefits, including a medical clinic,athletic fields, and playgrounds for the families of workers, theproblem persisted. The rest of the industry reluctantly accepted highturnover as part of the assembly-line system and passed the increasinglabor costs into the prices of their cars. Henry Ford, however, didnot want anything in the price of a Model T except good value. Hissolution was a bold stroke that reverberated through the entirenation. On January 5, 1914, Henry Ford announced a new minimum wage of fivedollars per eight-hour day, in addition to a profit-sharing plan. Itwas the talk of towns across the country; Ford was hailed as thefriend of the worker, as an outright socialist, or as a madman bent onbankrupting his company. Many businessmen -- including most of theremaining stockholders in the Ford Motor Company -- regarded hissolution as reckless. But he shrugged off all the criticism: "Well,you know when you pay men well you can talk to them," hesaid. Recognizing the human element in mass production, Ford knew thatretaining more employees would lower costs, and that a happier workforce would inevitably lead to greater productivity. The numbers borehim out. Between 1914 and 1916, the company's profits doubled from $30million to $60 million. "The payment of five dollars a day for aneight-hour day was one of the finest cost-cutting moves we ever made,"he later said. There were other ramifications, as well. A budding effort to unionizethe Ford factory dissolved in the face of the Five-Dollar Day. Mostcunning of all, Ford's new wage scale turned autoworkers into autocustomers. The purchases they made returned at least some of thosefive dollars to Henry Ford, and helped raise production, whichinvariably helped to lower per-car costs. The central role that the Model T had come to play in America'scultural, social and economic life elevated Henry Ford into afull-fledged folk hero. But Ford wasn't satisfied. Fancying himself apolitical pundit and all-around sage, he allowed himself to be drawninto national and even world affairs. Before the United States enteredWorld War I, he despaired with many others over the horrors of thefighting; late in 1915, he chartered a "Peace Ship" and sailed with aprivate delegation of radicals for France in a native attempt to endthe war. In 1918, he lost a campaign for a U.S. Senate seat. Thefollowing year, he purchased a newspaper, the DearbornIndependent, which was to become the vehicle for his notoriousanti-Semitism. The newspaper railed against the International Jew, andreported scurrilous conspiracy theories such as The Protocols ofthe Elders of Zion. In 1915, James Couzens resigned from the Ford Motor Company,recognizing that it Henry's company, and that no one else's opinionwould ever matter as much. In 1916, Ford antagonized the othershareholders by declaring a paltry dividend, even in the face ofrecord profits. In response, the shareholders sued, and in 1919 theMichigan Supreme Court upheld a lower court ruling that it wasunreasonable to withhold fair dividends under the circumstances. TheFord Motor Company was forced to distribute $19 million in dividendpayments. In his own response to the escalating feud, Henry threatenedpublicly to leave the company and form a new one. He even made plansand discussed the next car he would produce. Fearing that the worth of Ford stock would plummet, the minorityshareholders suddenly became eager to sell; agents workingsurreptitiously for Henry Ford quietly bought up lot after lot ofshares. The sellers did not receive all that the shares were worth,because of the rumors, but they each emerged with a fortune. JamesCouzens, the most wily of the lot, received the highest price pershare, and turned to a career in the U.S. Senate (he won his race,unlike the old boss) with $30 million in the bank. Ford gainedcomplete control of the company at a cost of $125 million -- $106million of the stock, plus $19 million for the court-ordered dividend-- a fantastic outlay that he financed with a $75 million loan fromtwo eastern banks. On July 11, 1919, when he signed the last stocktransfer agreement, the fifty-five-year-old mogul was so enthused thathe danced a jig. The stock was divided up and placed in the names ofHenry, Clara, and Edsel Ford. In 1921, the Model T Ford held 60 percent of the new-carmarket. Plants around the world turned out flivvers as though theywere subway tokens, and Henry Ford's only problem, as he often statedit, was figuring out how to make enough of them. As a concession todiversification, he purchased the Lincoln Motor Car Company in1921. Company plans seemed to be in place for a long, predictablefuture and Ford was free to embark on a great new project: the designand construction of the world's largest and most efficient automobilefactory at River Rouge, near Detroit. Arrayed over 2,000 acres, itwould include 90 miles of railroad track and enough space for 75,000employees to produce finished cars from raw material in the span ofjust forty-one hours. River Rouge had its own power plant, ironforges, and fabricating facilities. No detail was overlooked:wastepaper would be recycled into cardboard at the factory's own papermill. River Rouge was built to produce Model T Fords for decades tocome, by the time it was capable of full production later in thedecade, a factory a tenth its size could have handled the demand forModel Ts. The Model T's Ride Comes To An End On June 4, 1924, the ten millionth Model T Ford left the Highland Parkfactory, which would remain the main facility for T production. Whilethe flivver outsold its nearest competitor by a six-to-one margin thatyear, its unbridled run was nearing an unforeseen conclusion. Afteryears of conceding the low end of the market to Ford, anotherautomaker was setting its sights on that very sector. At the beginning of the decade, General Motors was an awkwardconglomerate of car companies and parts suppliers, managed more forthe sake of its whipsaw stock-price than for efficiencies inautomaking. In the middle of the decade, though, a revitalized GM,under the brilliant leadership of Alfred P. Sloan, Jr., began to offerinexpensive Chevrolets with amenities that the Model T lacked. Insteadof the sturdy but antiquated planetary transmission, it had a smooththree-speed. The market began to shift; price and value ceased to beparamount factors. Styling and excitement suddenly counted to thecustomer. Even though the Model T cost a mere $290 in themid-twenties, dealers clamored for a new Ford that would strike thefancy of the more demanding and sophisticated consumers. But Henry Ford refused even to consider replacing his beloved ModelT. Once, while he was away on vacation, employees built an updatedModel T and surprised him with it on his return. Ford responded bykicking in the windshield and stomping on the roof. "We got themessage," one of the employees said later, "As far as he wasconcerned, the Model T was god and we were to put away false images."Only one person persisted in warning him of the impending crisis: hisson, Edsel, who had been installed as president of the Ford MotorCompany during the dividend trial and its aftermath in 1919. It wasthe first of many arguments that Edsel would lose, as the once adoringrelationship between the two deteriorated into distrust and disrespecton Henry's part and woeful disillusionment on Edsel's. The Chevrolet continued to take sales from the dour Model T. By 1926,T sales had plummeted, and the realities of the marketplace finallyconvinced Henry Ford that the end was at hand. On May 25, 1927, Fordabruptly announced the end of production for the Model T, and soonafter closed the Highland Park factory for six months. The shutdownwas not for retooling: there was no new model in the works. Inhistory's worst case of product planning, Henry sent the workers homeso that he could start to design his next model. Fortunately, Edselhad been quietly marshaling sketches from the company's designers, andhe was ready and able to work with his father on producing plans forthe new car, called the Model A. It was a success from its launch inDecember 1927, and placed the company on sound footing again. By thetime it went into production, the River Rouge had become the main Fordmanufacturing facility. When the last Model T rolled off the assembly line, it was not the endof an era, it was still the very dawn of the one that the little carhad inaugurated. Cars -- more than half of them Model Ts -- pervadedAmerican culture. They jammed the streets of the great eastern citiesand roamed newly laid roads in southern California. Adapted to hauleverything from mail to machine guns to coffins to schoolchildren,automobiles represented an opportunity for change in practicallyeverything. They also became a crucial factor in recasting a growingeconomy. Henry Ford had created a car for the multitudes and that carhad created the basis of the car culture embraced by every subsequentgeneration. The Ford Motor Company, having survived its own crisis in thetwenties, was one of only forty-four U.S. automakers left in 1929, outof the hundreds that had entered the fray since the beginning of thecentury. That year, Ford, General Motors, and the newly formedChrysler Corporation -- known then and now as the Big Three --accounted for 80 percent of the market. Henry Ford died on April 7, 1947, at the age of eighty-three, havingoutlived the Model T by nearly twenty years. A century has passedsince he took the first car he built for a ride. The world remains inlarge part the one set into motion by Henry Ford: a world in whichcars are for everyone. As Will Rogers said, "It will take a hundredyears to tell whether he helped us or hurt us, but he certainly didn'tleave us where he found us." An Epic Legal Battle In 1879, a Rochester lawyer named George Selden applied for aU.S. patent for a road vehicle powered by a gasoline engine. Throughhis own delays and those of the government, however, a funny thinghappened. Selden, who never built an actual automobile, received thepatent on it in 1895, long after other people were buildingautomobiles. In return for a percent of future revenues, Seldenassigned the valuable patent to a group of New York financiers in1897, and they defended it vigorously. In the first years of thecentury, they settled on a process by which automakers joined theAssociation of Licensed Automotive Manufacturers (ALAM), which servedas a conduit for licensing fees for 1 1/4 percent on annualsales. Most of the country's automakers seemed reconciled to joiningALAM. Even Henry Ford tried to join, in 1903, but the ALAM overstepped itsbounds when it tried to dictate to him the price at which he couldsell his cars. Ford refused to listen, refused to join the club, andcertainly refused to pay the royalty. The ALAM brought suit. Evenbefore the case was heard in court, the two sides battled each otherthrough full-page newspaper advertisements. Ford's ads took theunusual step of offering to indemnify both buyers and sellers of hiscars from any lawsuits claiming Selden patent infringement. (Onlyfifty customers were worried enough to accept the offer.) In 1909, six years after the lawsuit started, it was finally heard bya federal judge in New York, who ruled that the patent wasvalid. Ford's entire enterprise seemed to be in danger, but he wasdefiant nonetheless. In 1911, the Court of Appeals overturned thedecision, validating Selden's patent, but deeming it applicable onlyto vehicles substantially copied from the rickety contraption he hadsketched back in 1879! The ruling not only freed Ford from the tyrannyof the Selden patent, it freed all of America's other automakers, aswell. Henry Ford had spent a great deal of money in legal fees, but hegot his money's worth. As he said, "Probably nothing so welladvertised the Ford car and the Ford Motor Company as did this suit." All sample material is copyright  1996, Byron Preiss VisualPublications, Inc. and Forbes Inc. All Rights Reserved. Published byJohn Wiley  Sons, Inc. No use may be made of this materialwithout the express written consent of the copyright holder. 