 Close  Follow GQ on Twitter Follow @GQmagazine @GQmagazine Follow @GQfashion @GQfashion Follow @GQpolitics @GQpolitics Sign in Sign out Edit Profile Promo Look Sharp Live Smart  Subscribe Style New: How GQ Are You? The Week in Style 10 Essentials Style Blog: The GQ Eye Fashion Shows Grooming Style 101 Street Style GQ Rules The Style Guy GQ Selects Watches Hair Shoes Women Raise a Glass to Anna Kendrick The Sexiest Women of 2013 Kate Upton The Women of GQ Gallery Photos GQ's Sex Columnist GQ Covers: The Women Entertainment On the Cover: RGIII Celebrities Movies + TV Sports Humor Music Lists The Critic: Tom Carson Life The Best New Restaurants of 2013 Alan Richman Food + Travel Cars Tech How To Video  The Second Coming of RG3 On the Field with Colin Kaepernick How to Date Me: Anna Kendrick See More Videos + More Fashion Shows News + Politics GQ Apps Fitness Video The Magazine Submit GQ Entertainment  Art + Design  Print Feeds art and design Results: 1 - 10 of 106 Entertainment How Kehinde Wiley Makes A Masterpiece At 36, he is already one of the art world's brightest lights, painter of portraits that borrow heavily from the old to make something blazingly new. Wyatt Mason hangs with Wiley as he hits the beaches and markets of North Africa, handpicks his subjects, and transforms them, step by inspired step, read more April 2013  By Wyatt Mason Tags: Entertainment , Art and Design , Kehinde Wiley , Painting , Art  Entertainment ArtPrize: So You Think You Can Paint Every September, a quiet, churchy city in the American heartland undergoes a Technicolor transformation. Art pops up everywherepaintings, giant insect statues, experimental happenings. Sidewalks and parks turn into open-air museums; taverns become galleries. A huge pot of money is dangled before the artists, $250,000(!) for the grand prize. And here's the best part: You know who gets to pick the winner? You do read more September 2012  By Matthew Power Tags: Entertainment , Art and Design , ArtPrize , Rick DeVos , Art  Entertainment Artists in Their Studios: Caio Fonseca Michael Hainey talks to the artist about his newestand most intriguingshow read more May 02, 2012  By Michael Hainey Tags: Entertainment , Art and Design , Caio Fonseca , Artists , Paintings  Entertainment Guest Gallery: Michael Thompson Scarlett, Chloe, and a batchful of other A-List babes from GQ contributing photographer Michael Thompson's new book, 'Portraits' read more April 22, 2011  By Michael Thompson Tags: Art and Design , Photos , Portraits  The GQ Eye: GQ on Style This Guy Shot the Godfather There's a "something big is fucking happening here" vibe to Steve Schapiro's photos. Kind of like those of Elvis backstage at the Ed Sullivan Show or the Beatles at Shea stadium, hell even FDR and... read more Tuesday, 3/29/2011 at 5:55PM  Posted By John Von Sothen Tags: Art and Design , Godfather , Paris , Taxi Driver  Entertainment Collecting the Collectors Financier and design enthusiast Adam Lindermann's book, 'Collecting Design,' is a lesson in design from the cream of the collectors' crop read more February 24, 2010  Tags: Art and Design , Photos  The GQ Eye: GQ on Style Trains to Nowhere Ever wonder what happens to subway cars once they've kicked the bucket? Well, we can't speak for the dozens that have probably been sold for parts or reappropriated into Hoarder dwellings, but in 2000,... read more Tuesday, 2/1/2011 at 2:22PM  Posted By Jacqueline Jesko Tags: Art , Art and Design , Photography  The GQ Eye: GQ on Style L.A., We Need To Talk When street artist Jon Jackson chose to leave his home in Los Angeles for a new life in New York, he knew he couldn't just sneak away quietly on a Virgin redeye. Instead, he... read more Wednesday, 1/12/2011 at 12:15PM  Posted By Jacqueline Jesko Tags: Art , Art and Design , Jon Jackson  The GQ Eye: GQ on Style Spacing Out We're really digging these rad astronaut prints by artist Dave Murray that The Fox is Black blogged about recently. Despite the fact the figures are faceless, the dynamic poses and irreverent props (yes, that... read more Tuesday, 1/11/2011 at 3:30PM  Posted By Jacqueline Jesko Tags: Art , Art and Design , Dave Murray  Entertainment Don't Freeze Your Ass Off! Stare at these stunning photos of fearlessly naked snowboarders doing so instead. It's NSFW, but you shouldn't be at work anyways read more December 27, 2010  By Jim Mangan Tags: Art and Design , Photos , Winter's Children , Jim Mangan Results: 1 - 10 of 106  Page of 11 Next      Style    What To Wear Now: Behind the Scenes of the Fall 2013 Menswear Shows First Look: Shipley & Halmos Spring 2014 Hodinkee's Watch Report: Jaeger-LeCoultre's Game-Changing Perpetual Calendar GQ Selects: Jean Shop Stitched Belt Your Morning Shot: Tupac Shakur About Drake's VMA Performance Tank...     Women    The Beyonc Outtakes Miss Millennium: Beyonc Video: Geezer Style: How to Get the Look Video: The Many Talents of Kate Upton Video: Style Breakdown Kate Upton: American Bombshell     Sports    Alabama's Nick Saban: The Scariest Man in College Football Big Tex: J.J. Watt Arian Foster: The NFL's Unstoppable Vegan Philosopher Little Easy: Darren Sproles The Violent Life and Sudden Death of Junior Seau CK1: Colin Kaepernick     Food + Travel    Alan Richman: At Estela, An Extraordinary Chef and What Could Be the Steak Dish of the Century (So Far) Alan Richman: ZZ's, the Most Expensive 58 Minutes in New York Dining Alan Richman: At the New Franny's, Pizza (And More) That's Worth the Wait One Man, 40 Courses: The Tasting Menu Marathon Skip the Resort: 4 Urban Golf Trips The Short Order: Chef Patrick Ryan's Guide to Kansas City     Most Popular    most viewed most emailed most commented Follow Us On...  Follow GQ on Twitter Follow @GQmagazine @GQmagazine Follow @GQfashion @GQfashion Follow @GQpolitics @GQpolitics Follow GQ on Tumblr gq.tumblr.com gqfashion.tumblr.com Follow GQ on Pinterest GQ Magazine pinterest.com/gqmagazine  Follow GQ on Instagram Follow GQ on Instagram GQ Newsletters  E-mail Address submit GQ SHARP + SMART (Daily) Send me fresh style tips, breaking celebrity news, insider info, and more every day. YOUR WEEKLY GQ Send me the top stories in style, women, entertainment and more in one e-mail a week. I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site constitutes agreement to it's user agreement  privacy policy.      New on GQ.com    Fighting Weight: Tabata Chest and Triceps Strengthen chest and triceps with this four-minute at-home Tabata workout from trainer Will Lanier.... more > Behind the Scenes Inspiration from the Fall 2013 Runway Shows Jogging with James Marathon Edition: Part 2 Style Report: The MTV Video Music Awards see all Site Map Contact GQ Newsletter Signup Blogs Press Center RSS Feeds Subscription Services Careers Cond Nast Store Reprints/Permissions GQ Media Kit Cond Nast Digital Sites on politics, culture, style  more: Details Vanity Fair Golf Digest Wired Style Ars Technica Find GQ.com around the world: U.K.  France  Italy Germany Spain Russia Taiwan Japan China Korea Australia South Africa Mexico India Portugal Subscribe to a magazine: Subscribe to a magazine View All Titles - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Allure Architectural Digest Bon Apptit Brides Cond Nast Traveler Details Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ Lucky Self Teen Vogue The New Yorker Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Visit our sister sites: Visit our sister sites - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Bon Apptit Brides.com Cond Nast Traveler Concierge Details Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ Hotel Chatter Jaunted Lucky NutritionData Reddit Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker Vanity Fair Vegas Chatter Vogue W Wired   2013 Cond Nast. All rights reserved  Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 3/21/12) and Privacy Policy (effective 3/21/12).  Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Cond Nast.  Ad Choices  