  National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out   Stuff Home Entertainment Celebrities Film Music TV Books Arts Videos Blogs Events Photos The X Factor   Ricky Martin: I was homophobic Ricky Martin admits he bullied gay people as a child. Quiz and win with Book Awards  Take the quiz and be in to win a selection of this year's NZ Post Book Award finalists.  Simon Cowell 'picks baby name'  Simon Cowell reportedly wants to name his first child after his late father. Cyrus brouhaha: get over it OPINION: Sure, it wasn't classy - but the confident young musician used low culture to hit top form. The Onion's Cyrus predictions  Satirical news network The Onion showed eerie foresight in 2008 predicting Miley Cyrus' VMA performance. Quiz and win: NZ Post Book Awards WIN: A trip to see Doctor Who What the gossip mags say David Brent, movie star More Entertainment headlines Subscribe Reality Bites to be a TV show Top 10 celebrity earners Khloe 'trying to save Lamar' Sharon Stone gives love lessons DVD review: Olympus Has Fallen Blu-ray review: Oblivion Books that will make you want to go to India Banning photos and videos at gigs Blu-ray review: Jesus Christ Superstar: Live Arena Tour DVD review: The Crimson Petal and The White More Entertainment headlines  Ad Feedback Celebrities Madonna still the Material Girl Pop diva Madonna 55, is the world's top-earning celebrity, according to a Forbes list. Khloe 'trying to save Lamar' Khloe Kardashian reportedly wants to rescue her husband from drugs. Not everyone hates Skyler (spoiler) Love lessons from Sharon Stone  Film Elysium a 'disappointment'  Elysium's promising plot is riddled with holes and the characterisation is ridiculously cardboard cutout. One Direction goes 3D One Direction's feature-film debut has sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll - just without the sex or the drugs. Magic from hokum Cinema horrors Awkward or awesome? His awkwardly sweet interview with Mila Kunis went viral, now BBC's Chris Stark has done it again with Jennifer Aniston. Music What's hot in your headphones?  Do you love music and want to share your thoughts on the latest album you're listening to? Banning gig photos Who actually watches all this shaky, awful, half-thought-out concert footage? Bring in The Boss Even Thicke's miffed with Miley  Singer scores hit with song Sarah Conlan is soaring high after her song was chosen as the theme song for SONZ National Summer Games.  Sponsored links  TV Reality Bites to be a TV show  All we can hope it it's "not so cheesy, we can't watch it without crackers." DVD review: The Crimson Petal and The White Dubbed as "riveting" by one reviewer, I think I would have to agree. Blu-ray review: Enterprise: Season 1 The most hated actress Sir Peter to helm Tardis? All Sir Peter Jackson wants for directing a Dr Who episode was a golden dalek. Looks like there's a golden dalek coming his way. Books Books to read before an India trip  Reading about India before you travel there can de-mystify the experience and prepare you for what you’re about to see. Lashings of ginger beer I always linger over vivid descriptions of feasts and recipes in books. More Salinger books due out There's something about Mike Get Shorty author dies Writer Elmore Leonard's cool inspired a whole generation of writers.  Arts Review: Swan Lake  There is every chance that you will be lost for words after this production, Takeshi Ito writes. PM's daughter in the spotlight Stephanie Key's provocative photos are set to make waves at the Paris Design Week. Capturing the night sky Bold as brass Five Misconceptions About Art Ahead of one of the year's big art events, Bridget Jones examines five common misconceptions about the world of artists, galleries and collectors.  