 MySource User Login Legal Terms Privacy Policy Advanced Search  Home About Us About Source Mission Statement Leadership In the News Source Timeline Community Initiatives Media Multi-Platform Portfolio Brands Motor Trend Automotive Group Performance Automotive Group Truck  Off-Road Group International Automotive Group GrindMedia Home Tech Group Lifestyle Group Media Kits Mobile Advertising Licensing Events Sales  Logistics Division Overview Retail Delivery  Logistics Category Management In-Store Merchandising RDA and Fixture Invoicing Display Manufacturing International (Import/Export) Promotions and Planogramming Publisher Services / Circulation Creative Services Design Photography Video SIM Mediaworks / Mobile Digital Media Creative Portfolio The Media Source Division Overview Retail Marketing Subscription Marketing Magazine Production Digital Media Contact The Media Source Careers Careers at Source Current Opportunities Life at Source HR Contact Diversity/Equal Opportunity Code of Ethics Contact Us Home  Latest News  IntelliChoice Determines Best Automotive Certified Pre-Owned Prog... IntelliChoice Determines Best Automotive Certified Pre-Owned Programs for 2012 Awards Revealed at Certified Pre-Owned Forum and National Remarketing Conference In Las Vegas Nov. 15 Las Vegas (November 15, 2011) — IntelliChoice, the leading provider of automotive cost of ownership and value analysis and part of the Motor Trend Automotive Group, announced today the winners of its 13th annual ranking of manufacturer Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) programs, at the Certified Pre-Owned Forum and National Remarketing Conference in Las Vegas. For the fifth straight year, Volvo earned the top ranking among Premium manufacturers, while Hyundai was ranked highest among Popular vehicle brands. Each year, IntelliChoice issues the industry’s only independent report card comparing Certified Pre-Owned programs offered to consumers through franchise dealerships.  Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles (CPOs) are cars, trucks and sport utility vehicles that have come off lease or have been resold to dealers, and have been thoroughly inspected prior to sale. Car manufacturers have traditionally refined and augmented their programs based on the criteria employed by IntelliChoice in its benchmarking analysis, in an effort to compete more effectively in the marketplace for certified used cars. “Since 2008, Hyundai had placed third overall in the Popular category, but was finally able to break into the top spot overtaking the two previous winners, MINI and Volkswagen,” said Eric Anderson, senior analyst at IntelliChoice. “While Volvo was able to retain its top ranking in the Premium category, Cadillac and Porsche are not far behind.” Tyler Schulze, vice president and general manager of IntelliChoice, added, “The Certified Pre-Owned segment of the market continues to be very important to manufacturers and dealers alike, particularly due to the recent contraction in used-vehicle inventory levels.  The ability for dealers to certify their best used cars and trucks under a compelling program sponsored by the manufacturer is a clear win for both the consumer and the dealer. We continue to see marginal year-over-year improvements in CPO program features across all makes, indicating that consumers can benefit from the ever-increasing competition in this market segment.” Methodology IntelliChoice originally developed its CPO analysis methodology to address the significant growth of manufacturer CPO programs in line with its stated mission to provide consumers with comprehensive automotive analysis and advice. IntelliChoice investigates and analyzes 26 manufacturer programs which are divided into two major classes: Premium and Popular.  Programs are then rated on the following set of nine criteria that consumers have identified as being most valuable to their decision-making processes: • Extended Manufacturer Warranties • Title Verification • Certification Inspection Process • Roadside Assistance • Special Financing • Return/Exchange Policies • Program and Dealer Compliance • Used Cost of Ownership • Market Penetration The 2012 Winners Include: Premium: • Overall Winner  Volvo • Best Warranty  Porsche • Used Cost of Ownership  Lincoln Popular: • Overall Winner  Hyundai • Best Warranty  MINI • Used Cost of Ownership  Toyota Top 5 Popular Programs: 1. Hyundai 2. MINI 3. Toyota 4. Honda 5. Scion Top 5 Premium Programs: 1. Volvo 2. Cadillac 3. Porsche 4. Lexus 5. Lincoln About IntelliChoice IntelliChoice , part of the Motor Trend Auto Group, is the market leader in automotive ownership cost and car values analysis. Founded in 1986, IntelliChoice is committed to empowering consumers to make better purchase decisions by providing independent and essential automotive information and tools. Through the IntelliChoice.com web site consumers get the help they need to research, compare, configure and price new cars. The site also connects buyers to the buying alternatives of their choice, including vehicle manufacturers and an online car buying guide. Motor Trend Auto Group is a subsidiary of Source Interlink Media, a recognized provider of targeted media and marketing services and one of the largest publishers of magazines and online content for enthusiast audiences. About Motor Trend Magazine Motor Trend , part of Source Interlink Media , LLC, was founded in 1949 and has a circulation of 1.1 million and a total readership of 8 million. Internationally recognized as one of the leading brands in automotive publishing, MOTOR TREND comprises Motor Trend Magazine; the award-winning website motortrend.com; Motor Trend Radio; Truck Trend; Motor Trend Classic; Motor Trend International Auto Shows; Motor Trend en Espanol; and the renowned Motor Trend Car, Truck and SUV of the Year Awards program.   © 2013 Source Interlink Companies  