    Home | Pop Culture News | PCM Lifestyle | Entertainment News | PCM Interviews | Music News | Trivia | Shop |  A Arts and Entertainment Sponsor This Page! Be seen and advertise  in the PCM Network!  PCM  Friends Pop Culture dot NET Celebrity Magnet Alaska Jim World Of Pop Culture Weekly World News WSTW 93.7 7890 Radio ( Links ) Latest TV News TV/Cable Networks AE ABC ABC Family AMC Animal Planet BBC America BET Biography Bravo Cartoon Network CBS Cinemax CMT CNBC CNN Comedy Central C-Span CW Daytime Talk Discovery Channel Disney DIY Entertainment Television Food Network FOX FX Networks HBO History Channel Home  Garden TV Independent Film Channel Investigation Discovery Late Night Wars Lifetime Lifetime Movie Network MSNBC MTV National Geographic NBC Nickelodeon Outdoor Channel OWN Oxygen PBS Reality TV Showtime Spike TV Starz Style Network Sundance SyFy TBS Superstation TCM The Military Channel The Science Channel TLC TNT Travel Channel TRU TV TV Land USA Network VH1 WE tv  Online Television Hulu  A Arts and Entertainment Contact A Arts and Entertainment : A Arts and Entertainment  News Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: PCM Television News  Powered by FeedBurner  navigation links column will go here PCM TV News is part of the Pop Culture Madness Network. Pop Culture Madness is your complete entertainment news and trivia resource. Click us out HERE for the latest pop culture news or our Trivia section for our ever-expanding organized trivia categories. Our motto: All The Pop Culture News That Fits, We Print! We are adding more information daily. Well, semi-regularly. If you don't see a link for what you're looking for, then it's your responsibility to write something up, and send it in. By the way, PCM does NOT allow frequent Pop up ads, Pop under ads, or sneaky spyware. Nor do we link to sites that have excessive Pop-ups, spyware or inappropriate (all ages) material. If you find one, please let us know and they are toast! Also, since we don't sell out to those Pop-up advertisers, and we're too proud (so far) to ask for donations, we'd like to proudly point out some of our carefully chosen advertisers throughout the site. They have some cool stuff that should be sitting in your room, or wrapped like a present for a friend. Please check 'em out! pop, as in 'popular' : (adjective) Pertaining to the common people, or the people as a whole as distinguished from any particular class. Having characteristics attributed to the common people and intended for or suited to ordinary people. culture : (noun) That which is excellent in the arts. A particular stage of civilization. The behaviors and beliefs characteristic of a particular social, ethnic, or age group. madness : (noun) The state of being mad. insanity, senseless folly, intense excitement or enthusiasm. College Students in the Northern Delaware area or willing to work from any other campus, check out our Internship Program ! Privacy Statement: We will not sell, give or share any personal information, including e-mail addresses, of any of our visitors to anyone outside of Pop Culture Madness.com or our affiliated sites. We do not accept any stealth or spyware advertisers or third party sponsors of such programs. Pop Culture Madness.com and affiliated sites do not send spam, offer get-rich-quick schemes, offer or suggest enhancement devices or medications via e-mail. For purposes of review, we often (usually) get samples, previews, get press access and other 'inside information.' Take that into account when you read a positive (or negative) review, on PCM or anywhere on the internet. We do not place stories up for payment unless it is a stated sponsor or a link that we believe will be helpful and relevant to our visitors. PCM does use third-party advertising companies, such as google, to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here .  