 Literacy, Literature,and Learning for Life by J. DavidCooper Table of Contents A Broadened Concept of Literacy Implications of "Real World" Literacy "Real World" Themes Advantages of "Real World" Themes Conclusions References As we enter Ms. Morley's fourth grade class, we can immediately tell that theyare studying about the environment. There is an exciting display of magazines andbooks, including such favorites as The Great Kapok Tree: A Tale of the AmazonRain Forest (Cherry, 1990) and Just a Dream (Van Allsburg, 1990).Posters about protecting the Earth are everywhere. A large bulletin board headedWAYS TO IMPROVE OUR ENVIRONMENT has magazine photos and drawings with captionsthat students have been bringing for display. Some students are having adiscussion about the book The Great Yellowstone Fire (Vogel & Goldner, 1990); onestudent is showing photographs and articles his dad had collected about the fire.Others are reading an article from 3*2*1 Contact entitled "Act Now: TheEarth Patrol Guide to Preserve and Protect;" these students are writing a skit toshow how boys and girls can help to protect the environment. Still other studentsare working on the computer constructing graphs about endangered animals in theenvironment. Ms. Morley explains that she and her students use many different resources andpieces of literature as they develop their themes. She notes that her goal is towork together with her students to help them learn to communicate as they aregoing to have to do in real life. You might ask, "What is so special or different about this fourth gradeclass?" Ms. Morley's class shows what many teachers around the country are doing.They are: Focusing on a broader concept of literacy. Using a combination of quality literature, both fiction and nonfiction, andother "real world" resources as a part of instruction. Providing learning experiences which include a variety of types of activitiesthat allow them to meet the needs of all the students in their classrooms. In this paper we will examine why these things are taking place and look atwhy these classrooms are better for our students. A BROADENED CONCEPT OF LITERACY For many years, literacy has simply been viewed as the ability of individualsto read and write (Smith, 1965). However, research during the past two decadeshas helped us to learn a great deal about literacy, what it is, and how it isused both in and out of school. Shirley Brice Heath (1983) in her classic study of literacy found thatliteracy involves much more than reading books and writing papers, the activitiesmost emphasized in schools. She found that children and young adults often useliteracy for such reasons as solving problems -- they read signs or advertisements;for social activities -- writing letters, bumper stickers, posters; for gainingnews and information -- reading newspapers and magazines; for rememberingthings -- messages to self and others; and so forth. Guthrie and Greaney (1991) looked at the research focusing on the literacyacts of adults as compared to those of children. They found that adults spendtime reading for leisure, for their occupation, and for participation in theircommunities. Adult literacy acts include reading fiction and nonfiction as wellas reading such things as tables, memos, charts, magazines, and posters. However,when Guthrie and Greaney looked at school-based literacy activities, they foundthat more time was devoted to the teaching of reading skills, as opposed toactually reading. Another source of information about literacy comes from looking at whatpotential employers expect of individuals as they come out of school and seekjobs. Much of the research in this area has shown that the literacy expectationsof employers are very different from what schools have typically provided (Heath,1980). For nearly twenty years, surveys of potential employers have shown thatthey want individuals who can do much more than read and write (Research forBetter Schools, 1978); they want individuals who can listen, learn on their own,and analyze situations to identify and solve problems. More recently, the Secretary's Commission on Achieving Necessary Skills(SCANS, 1991) undertook a study to advise the Secretary of Labor about the levelof skills needed to enter employment. The results of this study were very clearand simple: Good jobs will increasingly depend on people who can put knowledge to work. What we found was disturbing: more than half our young people leave schoolwithout the knowledge or foundation required to find and hold a good job. (SCANS,1991, p. xv) The SCANS Report (1991) identified five basic competencies and a three-partfoundation that everyone must have for success in the workplace regardless of thejob held. These are summarized in Table 1 . It is the responsibility of schools toprepare students for the workplace. However, the SCANS Report (1991) found thatless than half of all young adults could read, write, use math, listen, or speakeffectively enough to move from school to the workplace; the report notes thatmost schools do not even address listening and speaking. Literacy must also be considered in relation to the world of technology. Wehear about the Information Superhighway, a tool of communication that makes itpossible to have almost instant communications in all aspects of our lives.Thornburg (1992) maintained that in our society we have ended the Information Ageand are moving into the Communication Age. He notes that many schools, however,have just begun to move into the Information Age by adding new technologies whilesociety as a whole has moved well beyond this point to focusing more broadly onthe use of technology for high-speed communication. Therefore, literacy must alsobe viewed as communicating through technology. Many teachers are well aware thattheir students come to school knowing a great deal about computers, CD-ROM, andother aspects of technology. Given what we have learned about literacy, the mismatch between adult literacyand school literacy, the literacy requirements identified by potential employers,and the advent of the Information Superhighway, we can see that there is adiscrepancy between what adults must actually face in the world and what schoolsdo under the heading of literacy. Schools need to broaden their concept ofliteracy. Literacy must be viewed as the ability of individuals to communicateeffectively in the real world. This must involve teaching the abilities tolisten, read, write, speak, and view things, with thinking being an integral partof each of these processes, while at the same time preparing students for the"Communication Age." School literacy activities must take on more of a "realworld" perspective. Literacy should be viewed as the ability of individuals torespond to the practical tasks of everyday life as Harris and associates notedmany years ago (1970). Obviously, these tasks are changing as we move into thenext century. IMPLICATIONS OF "REAL WORLD" LITERACY Broadening the concept of literacy means that schools must broaden the typeand scope of activities that they provide under the heading of literacy learning.School-based literacy activities need to reflect and prepare students for "realworld" literacy in much more effective ways. During the past decade or more, many schools have started to use themes as abasic way for organizing instruction (Fredericks, Meinbach, & Rothlein, 1993). Tobuild on the need to have more of a "real world" literacy focus, schools need tobroaden their concept of theme and the materials that constitute themes. Typically, themes of study have focused on literature in the traditionalsense, including narrative and expository texts, with a heavy emphasis onstories. However, a "real world" literacy perspective calls for themes that aremuch broader in scope and content (Walmsley & Walp, 1990). These themes need tobe built around a combination of high-quality literature in the traditional senseand high-quality "real world" resources, including such things as posters,letters, magazines, maps, brochures, charts, journals, computer resources, and soforth. In essence, broadening our concept of literacy leads us to broaden ourconcept of literature to include all possible things that individuals might needto learn to read and respond to in life. "REAL WORLD" THEMES "Real world" themes are those that combine a variety of resources andactivities to allow students to have many different types of authentic literacylearning experiences (Cooper, 1993). Authentic literacy learning experiences arethose that individuals would naturally have in real life. For example, you mightgo to a museum to see an exhibit about ancient Egypt. A booklet on mummies isavailable. As a follow-up to the visit, you might read the booklet and write tothe sources listed for more information. "Real world" themes will allow for thesesame types of experiences to take place as a part of school learning. Thesethemes have the following important characteristics: A clear focus around one or more meaningful, key concepts. A balance of high-quality, authentic narrative and expository texts asappropriate to the theme. A balance of authentic "real world" resources. A variety of authentic learning experiences involving both discovery anddirect instruction. 1. Clear Focus "Real world" themes that are effective in supporting literacy learning musthave a clear, meaningful focus (Lipson, Valencia, Wixson, & Peters, 1993). Thismeans that the theme must be developed around one or two key concepts. Forexample, a theme on the community might focus on the key concept ofcooperation. The focus of the theme helps students build connections and relationships thatare critical to developing their abilities to construct meaning (Lipson,Valencia, Wixson & Peters, 1993; Fredericks, Meinbach, & Rothlein, 1993).Furthermore, a clearly focused theme makes it easier for the teacher to createauthentic learning experiences and develop appropriate assessment techniques(Lipson, 1994; see also Valencia's paper on assessment). Too often, themes aretrivial, focusing on things which have no real value in helping students learn(Routman, 1991). 2. Quality Authentic Literature Authentic literature refers to those texts which are in the original languageof the author (Routman, 1991; Walmsley & Walp, 1990). They are not rewritten toconform to a readability formula or written from a controlled vocabulary list. The power of authentic literature to excite and motivate students to learn hasbeen clearly demonstrated (Cullinan, 1992). Charlotte Huck said, "We don'tachieve literacy and then give children literature; we achieve literacy throughliterature" (1989, p. 258). The quality literature used in "real world" themes must include a balance ofnarrative and expository texts (Cullinan, 1992). Stories constitute only one partof what makes up the whole picture of quality literature (Norton, 1991). Storieslike Tony's Bread (dePaola, 1989), and Wayside School is FallingDown (Sachar, 1989) are wonderful books that excite and motivate children andyoung adults to read and write. However, expository or informational books arealso an important part of the quality literature that students need to experience(Greenlaw & McIntosh, 1987). Informational books like What Lives in a Shell? (Zoehfeld, 1994), The Great Yellowstone Fire (Vogel & Goldner, 1990),and Wolves (Simon, 1993) give children and young adults an importantperspective on the world and also motivate them to read and write. There are many criteria for selecting quality literature (Norton, 1991;Goodman & Goodman, 1991). It must always be remembered that selecting literaturefor students involves a value judgment on the part of the teacher and/or anyonewho makes the selection. Literature for "real world" themes should includenarrative and expository texts which meet the following criteria (Cooper,1993): Developmental Appropriateness --Beginning learners need books thatoffer richness, rhyme, and pattern (Bridge, Winograd, & Haley, 1983). Beyondthese levels, developmental appropriateness should be determined by examiningconcepts and general complexity of the texts. Student Appeal --It is very important for books used by students to beappealing to them. A big part of "real world" learning is motivating and excitingstudents. For example, books like The Three Little Wolves and the BigBad Pig (Trivizas, 1994), Listen to the Desert/Oye al desierto (Mora,1994), From the Mixed-up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler (Konigsburg,1967), Number the Stars (Lowry, 1989), and Into the Mummy's Tomb (Reeves, 1992) are just a few books that have had high student appeal and arevery motivating. It must be remembered that student appeal is also an individualmatter. Literary Quality --Books used for instruction need to be of the highestquality possible. This may be determined by using different sources that evaluatebooks, such as The WEB, The Horn Book Magazine, The New Advocate, Book Links,The Reading Teacher, The Journal of Reading , and many others. Cultural and Social Authenticity --Literature used in "real world"themes should be culturally and socially authentic so that students seethemselves and others as their cultures really are. Au (1993) calls thisculturally conscious literature or literature that accurately reflects a group'sculture, language, history, and values. Books such as Too Many Tamales (Soto, 1993), When Jo Louis Won the Title (Rochelle, 1994), and Halmoniand the Picnic (Choi, 1993) are just a few that meet these criteria. 3. Authentic "Real World" Resources "Real world" themes should also include a variety of "real world" resourcessuch as magazines, newspapers, CD-ROMs, charts, posters, brochures, and maps. Inaddition to making it possible for school learning experiences to focus onliteracy that is more like what is needed in the real world, these resources do anumber of other things: They provide a variety of types of learning experiences for students whomight need different ways to learn. For example, a student who is more of avisual learner might benefit from a poster on the pyramids when ancient Egypt isbeing studied. Real world resources help to broaden and enhance various concepts beingdeveloped. A more capable reader who is reading Old Yeller (Gipson, 1956)might be challenged by reading material from Patricia Lauber's Cowboys andCattle Ranching: Yesterday and Today (1973). Magazine articles, posters, and maps may help students build background forneeded concepts. A poster on butterfly wings might be useful in buildingbackground for or expanding concepts related to a book like The Very HungryCaterpillar (Carle, 1983). All "real world" resources used in themes must also be developmentallyappropriate, have student appeal, and be culturally and socially authentic. 4. Authentic Learning Experiences It has been well established that students learn concepts, skills, andstrategies best when they are developed in real environments (SCANS, 1991; Wells,1986). Therefore, it is important to develop authentic learning experiences thatinvolve both discovery and direct instruction. Authentic learning experienceswould include many opportunities for students to solve problems, read and write,as opposed to mark, circle, and underline. For example, in a theme onunderstanding ancient mysteries, students might develop a book about mummies andwhat can be learned from them. The teacher might provide a minilesson on how topresent information graphically in order to improve students' abilities todevelop their books. Learning experiences that capitalize on the Communication Age are alsoimportant. Having students use various types of technology to enhance theirlearning will help prepare them for the next century (A.S.C.D., 1994). Teacherscan also gain ongoing information to help their students by being connected withother teachers through the Internet and other on-line services. ADVANTAGES OF "REAL WORLD" THEMES "Real world" themes offer many advantages in the literacy-centered classroom.These include: High Motivation By using a balance of quality narrative texts, expository texts, and realworld resources, student motivation is high because learning becomes someaningful. When learning is more meaningful for students, they learn moreeffectively and learn more because what they are learning is functional anduseful (Lipson, 1994). Building Connections Learning and being able to construct meaning through reading and writinginvolve building connections between new knowledge and old knowledge (Anderson , 1984). Having "real world" themes allows for better integration of allthe language arts across the curriculum. The connections become much easier forlearners to make. By having themes that include narrative texts, expositorytexts, and "real world" resources, learners are able to develop literacy as theywould use it in real life. Learners experience many more types of writing;therefore, it makes it easier for the teacher to teach writing as it willactually be used in life. Students will come to see the many different types ofliterature and "real world" resources as models which will serve as springboardsto their writing. "Real world" themes also allow many more opportunities todevelop strong cross-curricular connections. Themes that focus only on one genreor type of literature do not allow this to happen as readily as more diversified"real world" themes. School Learning Matches the Real World "Real world" themes allow for school learning experiences to more nearlyreflect the world where students will ultimately have to function. Studentsstudying a theme like Earth Patrol, a theme about the environment, will have manyopportunities to read, write, listen, and solve problems about their environment.At the same time they will learn many valuable skills and strategies such aswriting letters, comparing, speaking persuasively, and so forth. Natural Opportunities to Learn Strategies and Skills "Real world" themes allow for many more places where students can use variousreading, writing, speaking, listening, viewing, and thinking skills andstrategies. Since literacy skills are learned in part through their use (Walmsley& Walp, 1990), "real world" themes will lead to many more authentic ways forstudents to learn and use these skills and strategies. By having a balance ofresources including narrative texts, expository texts, "real world" resources,and computer resources, teachers will have many more places to teach skills andstrategies interactively through minilessons and/or more fully focusedlessons. CONCLUSIONS As we work to prepare our students for the twenty-first century, we must becertain that we are helping them learn the strategies and skills that will letthem function effectively in the Communication Age and all aspects of theirlives. Since we have a better understanding of literacy and literacy learning, wecan clearly see the need to broaden our thinking about literacy, which will leadto broadening our thinking about themes and school literacy activities. "Real world" themes that include narrative texts, expository texts, and "realworld" resources will allow for many more opportunities for students to learn toread, write, listen, speak, think, and view in meaningful situations. Thesethemes will provide many more opportunities for teachers to teach the strategiesand skills needed by effective literacy users. By having "real world" learningexperiences in school, students will more effectively develop the strategies,skills, and abilities needed for becoming more critical, effective communicatorsin all aspects of their lives. REFERENCES Children's Books Carle, E. (1983). The Very Hungry Caterpillar. New York: PhilomelBooks. Cherry, L. (1990). The Great Kapok Tree: A Tale of the Amazon RainForest. Orlando, FL: Harcourt Brace & Company. Choi, S. N. (1993). Halmoni and the Picnic. Boston: Houghton MifflinCompany. dePaola, T. (1989). Tony's Bread. New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons. Gipson, F. (1956). Old Yeller. New York: Harper & Row. Konigsburg, E. L. (1989). From the Mixed-up Files of Mrs. Basil E.Frankweiler. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company. Lauber, P. (1973). Cowboys and Cattle Ranching: Yesterday and Today. New York: Crowell. Lowry, L. (1989). Number the Stars. Boston: Houghton MifflinCompany. Mora, P. (1994) Listen to the Desert/Oye al desierto. New York: ClarionBooks. Reeves, N. (1992). Into the Mummy's Tomb. New York: Scholastic,Inc. Rochelle, B. (1994). When Jo Louis Won the Title. Boston: HoughtonMifflin Company. Sachar, L. (1989). Wayside School is Falling Down. New York:Lothrop,Lee & Shepard Books. Simon, S. (1993). Wolves. New York: HarperCollins Publishers. Soto, G. (1993). Too Many Tamales. New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons. Trivizas, E. (1993). The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig. NewYork: Simon & Schuster. Van Allsburg, C. (1990). Just a Dream. Boston: Houghton MifflinCompany. Vogel, C. G. (1990). The Great Yellowstone Fire. Boston: Little, Brownand Company. Zoehfeld, K. W. (1994). What Lives in a Shell? New York:HarperCollins. Professional References A.S.C.D. (1994). The Online Classroom. Update, 36(10), 1. Anderson, R. C., & Pearson, P. D. (1984). "A Schema-Theoretic View of BasicProcesses in Reading Comprehension." In P. D. Pearson (ed.), Handbook ofReading Research, pp. 255-91. New York: Longman. Au, K. H. (1993). Literacy Instruction in Multicultural Settings. Orlando: Harcourt, Brace Jovanovich. Bridge, C., Winograd, P. N., & Haley, D. (1983). "Using Predictable Materialsvs. Preprimers to Teach Beginning Sight Words." The Reading Teacher, 36(9), 884-891. Cooper, J. D. (1993). Literacy: Helping Children Construct Meaning (2nded.). Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company. Cullinan, B. E. (1992). "Leading with Literature." In B. E. Cullinan (ed.), Invitation to Read: More Children's Literature in the Reading Program (pp.x-xxii). Newark, DE: International Reading Association. Fredericks, A., Meinbach, A., & Rothlein, L. (1993). Thematic Units. New York: HarperCollins. Goodman, K., & Goodman, Y. (1991). "Consumer Beware! Selecting Materials forWhole Language Readers." In K. S. Goodman, L. B. Bird, & Y. M. Goodman (eds.), The Whole Language Catalog (p. 119). American School Publishers. Greenlaw, J., & McIntosh, M. E. (1987). "Science Fiction and Fantasy WorthTeaching to Teens." In B. E. Cullinan (ed.), Children's Literature in theReading Program (pp. 111-120). Newark, DE: International ReadingAssociation. Guthrie, J. T., & Greaney, V. (1991). "Literacy Acts." In P. Barr, M. L.Kamil, P. Mosenthal, & P. D. Pearson, (eds.), Handbook of ReadingResearch, Vol. 2 (pp. 68-96). New York: Longman. Harris, L., & Associates. (1970). Survival Literacy Study. New York:Louis Harris and Associates, Inc. Heath, S. B. (1980). "The Functions and Uses of Literacy." Journal ofCommunication, 30 (1), 123-133. Heath. S. B. (1983). Ways With Words. Cambridge: Cambridge UniversityPress. Huck, C. S. (1989). "No Wider Than the Heart is Wide." In J. Hickman & B. E.Cullinan (eds.), Children's Literature in the Classroom: Weaving Charlotte'sWeb (pp. 252-262). Needham Heights, MA: Christopher-Gordon Publishers,Inc. Lipson, M., Valencia, S. W., Wixson, K., & Peters, C. W. (1993). "Integrationand Thematic Teaching: Integration to Improve Teaching and Learning." LanguageArts, 70 (4), 252-263. Lipson, M. Y. (1994). "Teaching With Themes." A speech delivered at theCalifornia Reading Association, November 4, 1994, Long Beach, CA. Norton, D. E. (1991). "Evaluating and Selecting Literature for Children." InD. E. Norton (ed.), Through the Eyes of a Child --An Introduction toChildren's Literature, 3rd ed (pp. 83-126). New York: Macmillan PublishingCo. Norton, D. E. (1991). Through the Eyes of a Child--An Introduction toChildren's Literature, 3rd ed. New York: Macmillan Publishing Co. Research for Better Schools, Inc. (1978). Employer Attitudes Toward thePreparation of Youth for Work. Philadelphia: Research for Better Schools. Routman, R. (1991). Invitations. Portsmouth, NH: Heinemann. The Secretary's Commission on Achieving Necessary Skills--SCANS. (1991). What Work Requires of Schools. Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department ofLabor. Smith, N. B. (1965). American Reading Instruction. Newark, DE:International Reading Association. Thornburg, D. (1992). Edutrends. San Carlos, CA: StarsongPublications. Walmsley, S. A. & Walp, T. P. (1990). "Integrating Literature and Composinginto the Language Arts Curriculum: Philosophy and Practice." Elementary SchoolJournal , 90 (3), 251-274. Wells, G. (1986). The Meaning Makers: Children Learning Language and UsingLanguage to Learn. Portsmouth, NH: Heinemann. Reading/Language Arts Center | Professional Development Education Place | Site Index Copyright  1997 Houghton Mifflin Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use . 