 Begin render at 2013/08/27 16:33:22 Server: ip-10-0-1-21 SiteCatalyst code version: H.20.3.Copyright 1997-2009 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  Tuesday, August 27, 2013 4:33 PM EDT Facebook Twitter RSS thestar.com Visual Arts Search the archives GET DIGITAL ACCESS includes FREE Saturday Home Delivery in the GTA  Home News GTA Queen's Park Canada World Investigations Crime Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Reviews Traffic Opinion Editorials Commentary Readers' Letters Public Editor Corrections Editorial Cartoon Sports Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Amateur Tennis Golf Figure Skating Curling Lacrosse Business Economy Personal Finance Tech News Real Estate Entertainment Television Movies Stage Music Stargazing Books Visual Arts Life Technology Food & Wine Travel Fashion & Style Homes Health & Wellness Parent Diversions Classifieds Obituaries Columnists Martin Knelman Entertainment TIFF 2013 gala has Deepa Mehta’s touch Peter Howell Movie Critic TIFF 2013: 34 films reviewed Vinay Menon Staff Reporter Indie 88 radio station marches to an independent drummer David Macfarlane Arts and culture columnist David Sedaris brightens an inhospitable summer in Temagami David Bowie at the AGO: Tickets on sale Friday Tickets to David Bowie retrospective go on sale this week in Toronto. Massive Ai Weiwei bicycle sculpture the Nuit Blanche 2013 centrepiece Wed Aug 21 2013 About 112 art projects will be scattered through the city for this year’s version of Scotiabank Nuit Blanche, Toronto’s all-night art festival. Pre-Raphaelite wall mural found hidden in William Morris’s London home Mon Aug 19 2013 The historic Red House is revealed to have a pre-Raphaelite painting covering an entire wall, Britain’s National Trust reports. Photos Ai Weiwei merges art and politics in AGO show: review Wed Aug 14 2013 With his new show, According to What?, Chinese dissident Ai Weiwei proves why he is the most important artist on the planet. How a fake Walmart stoked dissent in Toronto’s Kensington Market Fri Aug 09 2013 A small gallery on Augusta Ave. gets more than it bargained for when artists install a Walmart boutique in its storefront. Ryerson Image Centre names Paul Roth as new director Wed Aug 07 2013 American curator brings wealth of experience from some of U.S.’s most important photographic collections Webcam to broadcast from Andy Warhol’s grave Mon Aug 05 2013 The Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh is launching a live video feed from the pop artist’s gravesite to honour his 85th birthday. Dorian FitzGerald: Painting excess at Clint Roenisch Gallery Fri Aug 02 2013 FitzGerald's trompe l'oeil Drummond Castle Gardens at Toronto gallery until Aug. 31 Photos Marman and Borins: The Collaborationists Tue Jul 30 2013 Toronto art duo playfully capture anxiety of the information age in their first career survey, at the Art Gallery of Hamilton Photos Alex Colville: A master and his media Fri Jul 26 2013 Alex Colville charged his images with the same precise dread, no matter the medium, as the AGO's collection of his prints makes clear Art Gallery of Hamilton's shrine to Alex Colville's Horse and Train Fri Jul 26 2013 Iconic painting, as well as sketches and correspondence on permanent display Alex Colville: People pay tribute at funeral service for celebrated painter Wed Jul 24 2013 “He has left behind a grieving family, a saddened circle of friends, a town that has lost a beloved citizen.” Photos Eric Doeringer: The Rip-Off Artist Sat Jul 20 2013 Eric Doeringer is a conceptual art bootlegger whose exacting recreations of some of the biggest works of contemporary art are cycling through a Toronto gallery this summer Alex Colville death: reaction to a beloved icon of art Wed Jul 17 2013 In the art world, Colville is remembered for his ability to capture everyday life beautifully and make you think hard about it. Photos Alex Colville: He may be gone but his stories will never end Wed Jul 17 2013 Devoted to Realism, Alex Colville nonetheless captured the anxiety of his time with darkly oblique pictures that would start a conversation, and left the rest to us Photos Mammalian Diving Reflex turns 20 Thursday Wed Jul 17 2013 The social practice arts group has been helping Parkdale kids explore their inner selves and the outside world Alex Colville, renowned Canadian artist, dies at 92 Tue Jul 16 2013 Canadian artist Alex Colville has died at age 92, according to a notice posted on his website. Advice on happiness dispensed on TTC subway screens Mon Jul 15 2013 A new project for the TTC’s subway art program will have commuter screens on platforms filled with words of wisdom from seniors over 70 and kids under 7, with surprising commonalties. Five Canadians among world’s top 200 art collectors Wed Jul 10 2013 Ydessa Hendeles, David Thomson and Joey Tanenbaum made ArtNews magazine’s list of the top 200 collectors. AGO curatorial affairs director Elizabeth Smith resigns Tue Jul 09 2013 Elizabeth Smith will become director of the Helen Frankenthaler Foundation in New York. Guy Maddin’s performance art installation Seances begins filming in Montreal Thu Jul 04 2013 Winnipeg director has begun shooting the first of what will be 12 short films completed over 13 days — all of them homages to decades-old silent films for which little more than a title exists. See More Stories Famous art works brought to the big screen  Manet: Portraying Life: Cineplex brings a gallery exhibit to the big screen The French painter’s life is one of three films on exhibitions of famous artists works planned for this year Works of worlds most famous artists could star in their own horror, war, erotic – and more — movies  Top News NEW Senior staff shuffled at the PMO Liberal Senator says alleged senate expenses coverup needs to be probed ‘We are ready to go’: U.S. forces poised to act on Syria Video Ontario allows wider use of Tasers by police Syria: Harper, Obama discuss ‘firm response’ to chemical weapon use Updated Maple bacon jam source of food-borne illness at CNE Toronto’s top apartment building for complaints: 79 Thorncliffe Park NEW Cost of Ontario driver and vehicle licences going up Late summer showdown Lady Gaga and Katy Perry battle for song supremacy Lady Gaga's "Applause" and Katy Perry's "Roar" are the next pair of tracks to get stuck in your head. TV Listings What's on television tonight Star Business Club: Winnipeg firm could save Canada’s eyewear industry An epic comeback Family or individual plan-which is right for you? Video: BILD 21st Annual Charity BBQ Infographic: It's your money (a practical guide) - The Cautious Couple Most Popular Parents must proceed cautiously regarding adult daughter’s secret life: Ellie Video Miley Cyrus eclipses Justin Timberlake, ‘N Sync with raunchy performance at the MTV VMAs Video Ontario allows wider use of Tasers by police Blue Jays manager John Gibbons shouldn’t return next season despite his defenders’ arguments: Cox Beck Taxi curbed me for using Hailo and Uber, Toronto cabbie claims U.S. couple married 65 years die 11 hours apart Cronut burger: Maple bacon jam source of food-borne illness at CNE Photos Tim Hortons billionaire Ron Joyce selling his yacht for $19.9 million U.S. forces poised to act on Syria, says Hagel: ‘We are ready to go’ Mark Towhey, Rob Ford's former chief of staff, confirms he contacted police  Gallery Blog Murray Whyte takes the pulse of Toronto's visual arts scene. Videos  On Twitter  DIGITAL ACCESS just 99 cents + tax for your first month. Try it now  receive FREE Saturday Home Delivery in the GTA. Home Delivery subscriber? Learn how to get FREE Digital Access NOT a subscriber? Show me my options Already have Digital Access? Sign In .    thestar.com News Your Toronto Opinion Sports Business Entertainment Life Diversions Classifieds Site Map Wheels.ca Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Blogs Contests Lottery Results Obituaries Corrections Public Editor Behavioural Targeting Today's News Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery Get Digital Access My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Advertise with us Advertising Terms Mediakit Online Advertising Print Advertising Special Sections Sponsored Sections Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Pages of the Past Connect with Us RSS feeds Twitter Updates News Alerts Newsletters Mobile Devices  Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996-2013 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Close  [if gte IE 9]>$(document).ready(function() { $('body').pinable(); });