 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Auto Repair Do It Yourself Auto Repair How to Repair a Convertible Car Top How to Repair a Convertible Car Top By Robert Russell , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Repair a Convertible Car Top Convertible tops are durable but can be damaged by sunlight, precipitation and vandalism. Small tears and holes in convertible tops can be repaired with a needle and thread, glue, and a canvas patching material. If the tear in your convertible is large, you should have the top repaired by a professional. Most professionals, however, probably would recommend that you replace the top. Other People Are Reading How to Restore the Convertible Top on a Car DIY: Convertible Top Dye Things You'll Need Upholstery needle Thread Marine canvas "Ripstop" tape or duct tape Glue Seam sealer Show More Instructions 1 Sew the tear together with an upholstery needle. Keep the stitches close to the tear to prevent further damage. 2 Place "ripstop" tape or duct tape underneath the tear on the interior side of the convertible top. The tape helps to seal the tear and will prevent glue from dripping into the car. 3 Fill the tear with an expanding glue. Allow the glue to dry. 4 Cut a piece of marine canvas or heavy-duty canvas as a patch for the tear. The patch should be slightly larger than the torn area. 5 Cover the tear with the patch. Place a small amount of glue on the underside of the patch. Set it in place and allow the glue to dry. Sew the patch in place with the upholstery needle. Remove the tape from the bottom side of the tear and sew a second patch on the interior side of the top. 6 Apply a seam sealer around the edges and stitches of the patch.  Related Searches References Autos: How To Repair A Convertible Top Auto Geek: How To Care For Convertible Tops Photo Credit Hemera Technologies/Photos.com/Getty Images More Like This How to Restore the Convertible Top on a Car DIY: Convertible Top Dye How to Repair a Convertible Top Comments You May Also Like How to Repair a Convertible Top How to Repair a Convertible Car Top. Convertible tops are durable but can be damaged by sunlight, precipitation and vandalism. How to Repair a Torn Convertible Top A convertible is a great way to enjoy the open road. Its also a hard thing to maintain. Convertible tops will tear... How to Repair a Slashed Convertible Top However, you can repair your slashed convertible top on your own. ... Vinyl repair kit; Swatch (vinyl fabric) Silicone adhesive; Big book;... DIY: Convertible Top Replacement While not an especially complicated procedure, replacing a convertible top is anything but easy. This little restoration project can run the gamut... How to Repair Tears in Canvas Tops Falling branches, the weather and general road debris can result in tears in a cars convertible canvas roof. This compromises both driving... How to Repair Car Canvas Convertible Tops Convertibles have soft tops, often made of canvas, that are vulnerable to damage from sharp or falling objects and vandals. Despite canvas... Convertible Rear Window Repair There arent too many things that are more fun for a car lover than putting down the top of their convertible. Unfortunately,... How to Repair a Torn Convertible Soft Top How to Repair a Torn Convertible Soft Top. Car manufacturers build a convertibles ... Adhesive Tape; Mike OGara: Car Convertible Top ... How to Fix Convertible Tops Convertibles spark a feeling of freedom for drivers by removing the obstruction caused by the standard roofs on regular cars. To protect... BMW Convertible Troubleshooting BMW convertible hoods operate via swing arms; the arms retract the hood once a latch disengages the hoods U-attachment point. ... Car... How to Repair a Convertible Top Rear Window Spade Pot: Vinyl Patch Kit; Resources. Read this Article in UK English; ... How to Repair a Convertible Top. Convertible soft tops... How to Fix the Vinyl Top of a Car Repairing vinyl convertible top of your vehicle does not need to be a stressful project to take on. Without having to remove... How to Repair Leaks in a Convertible Top Convertibles are one of the most exhilarating cars to drive. Driving with the top down and a warm summer breeze flowing through... How to Mend a Convertible Top How to Repair a Convertible Car Top; Comments You May Also Like. How to Repair Canvas Convertible Tops. Sew the tear using... How to Fix a Stuck Convertible Top If your convertibles top suddenly wont budge, you may not need to interrupt your day with an emergency trip to the auto-repair... DIY: Vinyl Tops Do-it-yourself repair jobs such as patching the vinyl top of your convertible are sometimes the best way to get a job done.... How to Seal Glass Around a Convertible Rear Window Mustang Convertible Top Problems. Heat sealant and silicone adhesive are used to bind the rear window to the top fabric of 1990... How to Patch Convertible Roofs How to Repair Canvas Convertible Tops; Print this article; Things Youll Need. Scissors; Packing tape; Waterproof repair glue; ... Convertible Car Roof... How to Repair Canvas Convertible Tops How to Repair Car Canvas Convertible Tops. Convertibles have soft tops, often made of canvas, that are vulnerable to damage from sharp...  Related Ads  Check It Out The How To Garage: DIY Car Help You May Like How to Repair a Convertible Top How to Repair Canvas Convertible Tops How to Repair a Separated Seam in a Convertible Top How to Repair a Torn Convertible Top How to Repair Tears in Canvas Tops How to Repair a Torn Convertible Soft Top How to Patch a Convertible Top How to Repair Car Canvas Convertible Tops Featured Oil Testing: What is My Oil Telling Me? Watch Video Preparing Your Car For Winter Driving Watch Video 5 Ways to Improve Mileage Watch Video Others Also Viewed How to Repair a Canvas Jeep Top How to Patch a Convertible Top Convertible Rear Window Repair How to Remove a Convertible Top From a Chevy Tracker How to Install Convertible Top Snaps ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 