  Sign In Register Love & Sex Find out more Dating Relationships Weddings Agony Aunts Community Discussion Board Quick Chat Celebrities Find out more Celebrity Gossip Entertainment Gossip Royal Family Celebrity Interviews Photo Gallery Celebrity Directory Lifestyle Find out more Parenting Motoring Travel Food  Drink Health Home  Garden Money Business Recruitment Women's Issues Entertainment Find out more Entertainment Gossip Music Movies Sport TV  Soaps DVD and Blu-Ray Games Bollywood Book Reviews Bizarre Competitions Horoscopes Big Brother Fashion  Beauty Find out more Style News Celebrity Style Beauty Tips Fashion Trends Style Surgery Shopping Shopping Fashion Lingerie Offers Swimwear Entertainment Gifts Blog Fashion Blog Health Blog Movies Blog Music Blog Sport Blog Video Latest Exclusives Celebrities Interviews Movies  You are Here : Home / Celebrities / Celebrity Gossip Justin Timberlake Tells Fans He's 'Not Done' Justin Timberlake has written an open letter to his fans to tell them he's "not done" with music after receiving a lifetime achievement prize at the MTV Video Music Awards last night (25.08.13). Justin Timberlake You might also like: Justin Timberlake Writes Letter to Fans After Amazing Night At the Vmas P. Diddy in VMA After-Party Scuffle *NSYNC 'Upset' At Limited Role? Macklemore Hoping for Redemption After Lifelong Timberlake Rivalry *nsync Celebrate MTV Vma Reunion Justin Timberlake Sweeps MTV Video Music Awards Justin Timberlake Sweeps MTV Video Music Awards 'n Sync Reunion Still on - Report Nsync Join Twitter Ahead of Vma Reunion Joey Fatone's Father Confirms *nsync Reunion 26 August 2013 Justin Timberlake has told fans he's "not even close" to being done after being honoured at the MTV Video Music Awards last night (25.08.13). The 32-year-old singer picked up four prizes at the annual event - including a lifetime achievement gong titled the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award - but insisted the triumphant evening only marks the beginning after he made his return to music earlier this year following a hiatus to focus on his acting career. In an open letter on his website Justintimberlake.com, he wrote: "The last time I wrote you an open letter, it was in January and I promised that it would be a 'Big 2013.' "Since then, from The Grammys to the release of the first part of 'The 20/20 Experience' to the crowd's response at the VMAs, it's been a wild ride. "I hope you've enjoyed it as much as I have ... This letter is to tell you that we're not done .. .Not even close." Justin's track 'Mirrors' picked up gongs for Video of the Year and Best Editing, while 'Suit  Tie' - his collaboration with Jay Z - took home the award for Best Direction. The 'Cry Me A River' hitmaker - who reunited with his former *NSYNC band mates at the event - also said he "can't wait" for fans to hear his upcoming new record. He continued: "On Sept 30th, the second half of 'The 20/20 Experience', 'The 20/20 Experience 2 of 2', comes out. "Since all these songs were written together over a year ago, it's been so hard to wait this long to release them. I can't wait for all of you to hear The 20/20 Experience in full." Tweet  Videos you might like Beyonce Let Her Hair Down at Jay-Z's Album Release Party Beyonce Wants Blue Ivy to Have Normal Life Ryan Gosling Used to Play Spin the Bottle with Britney Spears Harry Styles and Taylor Swift's New Year Kiss More Videos   Tweets by @FemaleFirst_UK Like Us On Get answers to your questions from the sensitive Yin and the straight talking Yang Please type a name Please type a valid email address Please type a question Ask Yin & Yang Love  Sex Relationships Weddings Agony Aunts Celebrities Celebrity Gossip Celebrity Interviews Photo Gallery Royal Family Lifestyle Parenting Motoring Travel Food  Drink Health Home  Garden Money Business Entertainment Entertainment Gossip Music Movies (including DVD) TV  Soaps Sport Videos Bollywood Book Reviews Bizarre Competitions Horoscopes Fashion  beauty Latest Fashion news Celebrity Style Beauty tips Shopping Fashion  Beauty Lingerie Swimwear Contact Us | Advertise | Terms  Conditions | Privacy Policy  2013 First Active Media Ltd. all rights reserved. rambo1 - 0.42s v3.0 - 2013-08-27 20:22:40 (d) 