 The Epoch Times  Change edition: Home Choose your edition Advertise Subscribe Editions in other languages Print Edition Topics Video News China Arts & Entertainment Business Nation Australia Canada Ireland New Zealand United Kingdom United States World Africa Asia Pacific Europe International Middle East North America South America South Asia China Regime Business & Economy Culture Democracy  Human Rights Society Nine Commentaries Business Companies Economy  Trade Global Markets Real Estate Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader's Turn Science Beyond Science Earth  Environment Inspiring Discoveries Space & Astronomy Technology Cyber Freedom Cyber Security Features Innovation Products Reviews Arts & Entertainment Celebrities Literary & Visual Arts Movies & TV Music Theatre Health Environment & Health Fitness Nutrition Other Ways of Healing Traditional Chinese Medicine Western Medicine Life Autos Fashion  Beauty Food Home Slice of Life Travel Sports NFL NBA College Sports Hockey Baseball Football (Soccer) Tennis Golf Motorsports Cycling Rugby Other  Subscribe Movie Review: Emperor By Mark Jackson Epoch Times Staff Created: March 7, 2013 Last Updated: March 8, 2013 Related articles: Arts & Entertainment  Movies & TV  Tommy Lee Jones (L) and Matthew Fox (R) in Peter Webbers Emperor. (Kirsty Griffin/Roadside Attractions) Imagine if the president of the United States was considered by U.S. citizenry to be a living god. Preposterous! Such a concept boggles the mind. But so it was with Emperor Hirohito of Japan, his deification reflecting the ancient heritage of divine emperors. It’s the end of World War II; atomic mushroom clouds hover over Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Japan breaks down. American politicians want to know if Japanese “god” Hirohito instigated Pearl Harbor. Someone has to get to the bottom of it. The poetically rendered film “Emperor” tells this story. The decision that Fellers has to make is whether or not Emperor Hirohito should be hanged as a war criminal  He’s given ten days to figure it all out. Ten. We meet U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Bonner Fellers (Matthew Fox), a Japanese expert. His boss, supreme commander of the occupying forces Gen. Douglas MacArthur (Tommy Lee Jones)—he of the general’s hat, aviator shades, and ridiculously elongated corncob pipe—hands Fellers the job. The decision that Fellers has to make is whether or not Emperor Hirohito should be hanged as a war criminal. Fellers is acutely aware of the necessity of handling the case with kid gloves, since one false move or hasty decision incriminating the emperor could spark an uprising, not to mention a huge, lengthy, expensive occupation. He’s given ten days to figure it all out. Ten. Two not-so-minor monkey wrenches are thrown into the delicate mix. One is Fellers’s affair of the heart with a Japanese exchange student he had attended college with. She had left him suddenly, without so much as a goodbye note. Ultimately, she affected his military decisions to a not entirely insignificant degree—he had steered bombing missions away from her home. The second is General Richter (Colin Moy), a brown-nosing, dog-eat-dog rival who is intent on shanghaiing Fellers’s work. Embodying America’s thirst for avenging Pearl Harbor, Richter wants Hirohito hanged. Assisted by a Japanese interpreter and driver he initially treats badly, Fellers sets about questioning top-rank Japanese war criminals and surreptitiously trying to find his true love. Throughout this ticking-bomb ordeal, Fellers’s humanity ripens and blossoms, enabling him to reach the staggering decision that led to the present-day relationship that America and Japan have with each other. This is a fascinating period-costume account, a riveting portrayal, and a wonderful history lesson. The names of Pearl Harbor, General MacArthur, and Hiroshima float about in most Americans’ subconscious minds, but many have never heard the story or witnessed the drama underlying its resolution. The cinematography is wonderful as it captures the atmospheres of green bamboo, meticulous Japanese gardens, and bombed-out metropolises. It depicts sitting-on-the-floor-drinking-sake Japanese culture, and sons bowing all the way down to the ground in greeting. Matthew Fox (L) and Eriko Hatsune (R) in Peter Webbers Emperor. (Kirsty Griffin/Roadside Attractions) There are also conversations concerning Japan’s complete devotion to one set of values, and how, when the pacifistic emperor told his people they must “endure the unendurable,” seven million soldiers unquestioningly laid down their weapons in accordance with his divine will. Very moving are the scenes of Fellers demanding, from fierce Japanese sentinels, a face-to-face with Fumimaro Konoe. Konoe says, “Your bombs turned our children into shadows on the wall.” He recites a Tanka poem that the emperor wrote, in all its solemn operatic grandeur. He bows. We feel the spirit of Shinto. We learn that if one understands devotion, loyalty, and obedience, one understands the ancient warrior code of Japan. We learn of how the emperor lived a hermetic life. How he stood up to the militarists. How he had only his word. Due to the conjectural nature of the emperor’s innocence, MacArthur wants to meet for tea, wants to look him in the eye, and see what kind of a man the emperor is. As he says, “I never met an emperor before. Let alone a god.” There are rules of engagement when meeting a god: “Do not touch the emperor, do not look him in the eye, always stand to his left, do not take photo opportunity,” and so on. To find out whether the arrogant MacArthur behaves himself, to hear the outcome of a simple, heartbreakingly honest conversation between a god and a man, and to find out how America and Japan transcended their grievances, see this fine film. Emperor Director: Peter Webber Cast: Tommy Lee Jones, Matthew Fox, Kaori Momoi Running Time: 1 hour, 38 minutes Rating: PG-13 Rating: 4 / 5 The Epoch Times publishes in 35 countries and in 21 languages. Subscribe to our e-newsletter. Tags: emperor living god Movie Review   GET THE FREE DAILY E-NEWSLETTER Enter your email:  Follow me on Twitter Follow @epochtimes Recommended on Facebook My Epoch Times Network on Facebook The Epoch Times, Chinese Edition 墨尔本好去处（03.09） 秘密筹款餐会曝光 维省规划厅长百口莫辩 FAPA座谈：台湾学生反媒体垄断 Read more... Selected Topics from The Epoch Times Latest News New Comments Most Comments  Subscribe | Print Edition | Other Languages | Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | RSS Feeds National Editions: Australia | Canada | Ireland | New Zealand | United Kingdom | United States Languages: Chinese | Korean | French | German | Spanish | Japanese | Russian | Ukrainian | Hebrew | Romanian | Bulgarian | Slovak | Swedish | Indonesian | Persian | Vietnamese | Portuguese | Turkish | Czech | Italian Copyright © 2000-2012 Privacy Policy | Rights and Permissions  