  skip to main | skip to sidebar The Fine Arts Studio is a creative space where I share ideas, and inspiration on art education. I teach 4th and 5th grade elementary students to be out-of-the-box thinkers because through art, anything is possible! "Nurture your mind with great thoughts for you will never go any higher than you think."-Benjamin Disraeli (1804-1881) Monday, July 22, 2013 Found Drawings It is amazing how something so simple can be so enthralling. Found Drawings are compositions that one captures with a cell phone camera, moments in time that speak like mini-paintings. Now I see them everywhere. It was my first week of graduate school. A semester's worth condensed to one very intense week of art making, discussion and just plain, hard work. It was fabulous.Today I start Week 2: Printmaking. I can't wait. Take a look around you. What can you find? Posted by Samantha Melvin at 6:03 AM 1 comment: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Labels: Found Drawings; graduate school; Sketchbook; composition Saturday, July 13, 2013 Lots of Excitement in One Day! It's a big day. I am ready to go on a big road trip, the car is packed. I have snacks and art supplies. I am driving to Florida for the start of graduate school at the University of Florida. I am excited! I will be participating in the Summer Studio sessions for my Master's of Arts in Art Education. I am a little nervous, but the thought of focusing fully on creating work in the next two weeks, of being an art student in an art studio soothes the anxiety. Now I just have to get there. Meanwhile, I got news this morning, that a video I remixed while on the road with my son in Salt Lake City and submitted to Education Closet's STEAMed Innovation Awards, was selected as a semi-finalist! Thank you, Animoto, (http://animoto.com) for enabling remixing as I had the material just not the laptop! Now we need your votes! There are ten awesome semi-finalists. Three of them can be Finalists. In order for RJR to be finalist, we need you to vote for "Crank It up a Notch!" You can vote early and often up until July 19th. Vote here: http://educationcloset.com/2013/07/13/voting-now-open-for-steamed-awards/ Here is our video submission. Many thanks to Crayola and the NAESP for the Champion Creatively Alive Children grant that funded this project for the Fine Arts Studio in 2010. STEAMed Innovation from the Fine Arts Studio @ RJR from Samantha Melvin on Vimeo . Posted by Samantha Melvin at 9:22 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Tuesday, February 19, 2013 Many Thanks to our Supportive ART Community! How fantastic it was to get the email on Sunday morning that our student, Hayden, was selected as the 4th-6th grade Artsonia Artist of the Week! Yes, his collaborative work was great~but it was the community-wide support for him that helped him win! Thank you so much for taking a moment each day to support our RJR artist! Hayden will receive a special plaque and a gift certificate for $50 for Dick Blick Art Supplies ! The studio also receives $100 in art supplies. Thank you to Artsonia and to Dick Blick for their support of art education as well, and many thanks to you, our families, community, and my awesome PLN, for celebrating our artists in many ways throughout the school year. Posted by Samantha Melvin at 2:58 PM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Wednesday, February 13, 2013 We Need Your Vote! Help us make Hayden3488, the 4th grade Artsonia Artist of the Week! What makes his work so unique, you ask? This particular work of art was a collaboration between Hayden3488 and his classmates. They wrote their artist statements using a Google Form. These statements were then copied and pasted into a Tagxedo word cloud text box. Their words describe the art they created for Seton Highland Lakes Hospital for their Valentine's Day party where Seton will present the new Care-A-Van, a specially-equipped RV that provides medical support and care in this region. Their Valentines are being distributed to the care-givers, donors, doctors, nurses and volunteers who make the Care-A-Van possible. It is a gift that keeps on giving! Please vote for Hayden3488. Votes can be made daily. Thank you for your help~ Posted by Samantha Melvin at 10:47 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Saturday, February 9, 2013 Interactive Media from MIT I am getting ready for an exciting class through MIT's Media Lab . I looked into some material from Mitch Resnick, the director of the Lifelong Kindergarten group, who discusses in this TEDx presentation the idea of fluency leading to expression, regardless of medium. The idea of teaching coding to my students is exciting and daunting. However, as part of this journey, I may try to teach Scratch to a small group. Who knows what we will create? Isn't that the fun (and the challenge) of Art and Science? Posted by Samantha Melvin at 9:06 AM 2 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Wednesday, February 6, 2013 Let's Get Drawing with Stikz (and Xtranormal!) It's amazing how many resources and tools are out there for us to use! I love finding new tools, but I also appreciate how often it is my PLN (my professional learning network) that puts a product or tool to the test first and shares what they found. This neat tool was Tricia Fuglestad's find. She has it posted on her website, so I decided to play with Xtranormal too. I wanted to get my students drawing more in their free-time, so I created this short movie to get them thinking about it, at the very least! Lets Get Drawing with Stikz by: fineartsstudio Posted by Samantha Melvin at 10:38 AM 2 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Monday, February 4, 2013 Clip and Collect: Box Tops for Education We have a mission! Our goal is to get to the Blanton Museum of Art, in Austin, for our 5th grade field trip. It is an expensive trip. We take four buses into Austin for the day. We split up into groups, some tour the State Capitol first, others go straight to the museum, we meet back at the State Capitol grounds for a picnic and after everyone has had a full day of art, history and culture, we head back to school. Help us get there! Clip and collect Box Tops for Education found on many grocery items. Collect them in a baggy and send them with your student to the Fine Arts Studio. Deadline for this year's collection is February 22nd. That will give us time to count and ship them to BFE. They are our tickets to the wonderful sights in the city! Posted by Samantha Melvin at 10:13 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) About Me View my complete profile Follow by Email   Get Follow Me Buttons Links AccessArt (sketchbooks) American Visionary Art Museum Aminah's World Art21 Art House Co-op Art Inspired (wiki) Art Junction Art Matters (wiki) Artsonia Elementary Division TAEA FineArtsStudio on Tumblr Harvard's Project Zero Illustration Friday NAEA PBS Teachers Resources for the Art Educator Sketch Crawl TAEA The Fine Arts Studio The Green Art Room Urban Sketchers Blogs (that Rock n') Roll Art of Education Art on the Move Art Room Blog Art Studio at Carlson Art Teacher's Guide to the Internet ArtEd 2.0 Artful Artsy Amy ArtMuse67 Cr8 and Innov8 Curator's Corner Digital Tools for Teachers Doodle All Day's Journal Page From Where I Sit--Leslie Gates Fun Art 4 Kids GeekyMomma's Blog (Tech) Illustration Friday Blog Laugh Paint Create LearningIT Lines, Dots and Doodles Mary's Art Spot Modern Art 4 Kids Mrs. Leban Mrs. Leban's Art Blog Mrs. Picasso's Artroom New City Arts News from the Artroom Nicole Brisco's Art Room (HS) North Gwinnett HS AP Art One Crayola Short Organized Chaos! Painted Paper Pulp to Painting Restaurant for the Mind Sketchbook Challenge smART Class Snippety Gibbet Splats, Scraps and Glueblobs Teach Kids Art Texas Art Teacher The Blooming Palette The Carrot Revolution The Fugleblog The SchoolArtsRoom Blog The Teaching Palette The Unquiet Library Use Your Coloured Pencils Wonder Brooks Extraordinaire Display Tweets Blog Archive  2013 (13)  July (2) Found Drawings Lots of Excitement in One Day!   February (5)    January (6)    2012 (9)   November (1)    September (3)    June (2)    March (1)    February (1)    January (1)    2011 (16)   November (1)    October (1)    August (2)    June (7)    February (1)    January (4)    2010 (7)   December (1)    November (3)    July (1)    April (2)  Followers  Visit National Art Education Association Elementary Division Visit Art Education 2.0 Tag Cloud contemporary art giving to others Liebster Blog award Olivia Gude 21st C skills abstract Ancient Greece Apple art art education art journals Art:21 arted artists assessment blog claymation collaboration color community connecting create creative creativity cross-curricular details disability donation drawing elementary expression fieldtrips Found Drawings; graduate school; Sketchbook; composition fundraiser genius ideas imagination innovation inspiration integration iPhone app journals learning materials meaning-making mobility monotype multiple intelligences museum NAEA nature NBCT New City Arts NTLB P(osse) Learning Network PLN portrait QR codes rated Roo self-expression self-portraits sharing sketch sketchbooks Steve Jobs surrealism TAEA TASK teaching technology trends webquest   