 Skip to main content. Home Search term Login to License eXpress | Office Locations | Forms Home Driver License Vehicle  Boat Registration Business  Professions List of Licenses Moving to WA Tips for buying a vehicle Ask questions Here are some helpful questions to ask when buying a car, motorcycle, or other vehicle from a private party or dealership: Are you the owner of the vehicle? How long have you owned it? What is the vehicles mileage? How has the vehicle been driven? (Around town vs. long trips) What major work have you done on the vehicle? Do you have receipts? Did you buy the vehicle new? Has the vehicle ever had rust problems? Has it ever been wrecked, had body repairs, or been repainted? Does it have a valid emission inspection certificate? Do you have the title? Are you a licensed vehicle dealer? Have your mechanic take a look Make sure everything works, including the radio, heater, windshield wipers, lights, and turn signals. Check the brakes  make sure there is enough brake fluid and there is no pulling. Check the tires  look for good tread and matching sizes. Check under the hood  look at the battery for leaks, check for dirty oil, check the hoses, etc. Make sure the vehicle meets clean air requirements Starting with 2009 models, all new cars, light-duty trucks, SUVs, and passenger vans must be certified to California emission standards. Vehicles that dont meet these strict clean air standards cannot be registered, licensed, rented, or sold for use in Washington. If you are buying a new vehicle, or a used vehicle with less than 7,500 miles on the odometer, make sure it meets California emission standards before you buy: Ask the dealer or individual selling you the vehicle if its certified to California emission standards. Check the Vehicle Emissions Control Information (VECI) label in the engine compartment. If the label shows the vehicle is certified for California emission standards, for sale in all 50 states, or for sale in the northeast, it meets emission requirements and you may register it in Washington. For more information, see Clean Car emission requirements . Check for liens against the vehicle Even if the seller presents a title to you, you should verify the title is valid and clear of any lien holders. You can do this by calling us at 360.902.3770 Please note that we can only verify whether the title is valid and clear  we cant give you any details about the vehicle. Beware of curbstoners A curbstoner is a person who makes money from buying used vehicles and reselling them. Theyre unlicensed dealers who dont comply with state or federal laws. You have no legal protection when dealing with them. You may be dealing with a curbstoner if: The vehicle is parked along the street or in a vacant lot. The seller asks you to meet them at a location other than his or her home. The seller wants a cash transaction and wont accept checks or money orders. The Certificate of Ownership (title) to the vehicle isnt in the name of the seller. To learn more about curbstoning, visit www.stopcurbstoning.com . Check the vehicles history If you have the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), you can go to several websites to learn the vehicles ownership history and find out about any past title problems, accidents, or repairs. For example: National Motor Vehicle Title Information System is a database of vehicle history information maintained by the U.S. Department of Justice. The system is designed to help protect consumers from fraud and can provide odometer, theft, title brand, and salvage information about individual vehicles. National Insurance Crime Bureau (NICB) VINCheck  allows you to check if the vehicle has been reported stolen and not recovered, or has been declared a total loss by another NICB member. Watch for odometer fraud Even though it is illegal, each year the odometers on 3 million used vehicles are rolled back an average of 30,000 miles each. To protect yourself from odometer fraud, check the odometer carefully: Check to see if the numbers line up. Rolled back odometers often have misaligned numbers. Have a mechanic check your vehicle for signs of high use that seem inconsistent with the number of miles. Check the wear on the pedals. If the odometer reads very low miles, the pedals shouldnt show signs of excessive wear. Dont sign the contract unless youve read and understand it Theres no 3-day cooling-off period allowing you to cancel a vehicle purchase from a dealer at a licensed location. Once you sign the contract, the car is yours and youre bound by the contract. Get all verbal commitments for services, improvements, or changes to the product in writing. Never sign a contract with spaces left blank. Mark them out or fill them in appropriately. Before you sign the contract, the dealer is required to separately disclose in writing the finance charge, insurance costs, taxes, and other charges youll pay under the contract. If theyre different than what you negotiated, insist they be corrected. Keep a written record of your purchase Make sure to keep copies of all the following for your records: All paperwork, including your contract, purchase orders, canceled checks, warranty agreements, and timelines for completion. The names of all points of contact, such as the people you do business with at the dealership. Keep their names, phone numbers, titles, and business cards. The name of the company providing all warranty work and a copy of the underwriters warranty agreement. Find out about the Lemon Law The Washington State Motor Vehicle Lemon Law is designed to help new vehicle owners who have ongoing problems with warranty repairs on their vehicle. Visit the Office of the Attorney Generals website for information about the Motor Vehicle Lemon Law . Be sure to transfer the title For information on how to transfer a title when you buy a vehicle, see Transferring ownership into your name . Report any complaints Let us know if you feel a dealer or manufacturer treated you unfairly by completing a Vehicle Dealers and Manufacturers Complaint Form . Be sure to follow the instructions on the form and include all supporting documentation. See also: Title fraud Report of sale Buying a car (Office of the Attorney General) Repossessions (Office of the Attorney General) Brochure with tips for buying a vehicle: English: Fast Facts and Helpful Hints: Buying a Vehicle Espaol: Informacin de inters y consejos tiles: Compra de un Vehculo Renew your tabs How to renew your tabs Emissions testing Fees, taxes, and donations Tab renewal fees RTA tax Local transportation benefit district fees King County congestion reduction charge Donations Updates and replacements Change your address Change your name Replace lost or damaged tabs Replace a lost registration License plates Get new license plates Replace your license plates Required 7-year replacement Lost or damaged plates Dispose of old plates Transfer plates to another vehicle Special plates Personalized plates Special design plates About special plates Military personnel Nonresidents stationed in Washington WA residents stationed outside the state Temporary permits Tax exemptions Plates for modified off-road motorcycles Trip permits Moving? Get WA plates Titles Replace a lost title Get a title if the lienholder is out of business Salvaged vehicles Abandoned vehicles Contaminated property Customs inspections Child support liens Title fraud Fees Buying or selling a vehicle Report of sale Tips for buying a vehicle Transferring ownership into your name When buying from a dealer When buying from a private party Clean Car emission requirements Use tax Commercial vehicles IRP (Prorate) How to register Recordkeeping requirements Replace your IRP cab cards, decals, or plates Fleets DOT numbers Intrastate commercial vehicles Interstate commercial vehicles Permits Fuel tax Fuel tax facts Dyed diesel Fuel licenses Dyed diesel user Motor vehicle fuel or special fuel Aircraft fuel Heating oil International Fuel Tax Agreement (IFTA) How to get your license and decals IFTA tax returns Recordkeeping requirements Audits Fuel tax refunds Prorate and fuel tax offices Disabled parking Permanent Temporary Organizational Boats Register a boat Renew your boat registration Report the sale of a boat Get a carbon monoxide warning sticker Vehicle licensing offices Contact Us Office locations Contact us Take a survey: Tell us how we're doing! About Us What we do Rulemaking activity News center Reports and data Public disclosure Jobs ...more Do More Online Renew your tabs Replace your license or ID card Report the sale of vehicle Get renewal reminders by email Check the status of a driver license Get a form Register to vote (Secretary of State) ...more Driver Guide English 中文 Espaol Vit  한국어 日本語 Stay Connected DOL blog YouTube Facebook Twitter Home | Privacy | Conditions of Use | Copyright  2013 Access Washington 