 Skip to main content. USA Today News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Media Cover View  This story is part of Travel Tips Seattle Arts & Entertainment Kingsport Arts & Entertainment Arkansas Arts & Entertainment Art & Entertainment Events in Houston Arts  Entertainment in Greece Travel Tips Steven Blum, Demand Media Greece's colorful architecture and azure sky. (Photo: Santorini,Greece image by AGITA LEIMANE from Fotolia.com ) Related Articles Seattle Arts  Entertainment Kingsport Arts  Entertainment Arkansas Arts  Entertainment Art  Entertainment Events in Houston Greece has both an ancient history and a dynamic present; from archaeological sights to film and music festivals, theres a lot to see and do. You can view the marble statue of Aphrodite at the National Archaeological Museum, check out the indie rock scene in Salonika and marvel at the contemporary art in Athens small galleries. Film Festivals First held in 1960, the Thessaloniki International Film Festival has become a 10-day event, drawing over 70,000 people to more than 150 Greek and foreign films across the citys cinemas. Francis Ford Coppola, Faye Dunaway and Catherine Deneuve have all served as jury members at the festival. A bit more obscure, the VideoDance Festival presents a showcase of the latest experiments in media and movement. The seven-day festival is meant to spark dialogue between those in film and dance. Contemporary Art Museums Athens is studded with small contemporary galleries, including the well-known E31, Artaz, Alogo and Fizz. In Salonika, check out the State Museum of Contemporary Art, containing 1,275 pieces of prominent Russian avant-garde artists and a significant number of paintings and sculptures by Greek and foreign artists. The museums Center for Contemporary Art also profiles emerging artists in the region. Historical Museums Greece is home to almost a hundred museums. Among the most well known is the National Archaeological Museum in Athens. Called one of the worlds great museums by Lonely Planet, this is the place to see some of the most important finds from Greeces archaeological sites, including mummies, ancient pottery and a marble statue of Aphrodite. Athens is chock full of museums, including the well-known Acropolis Museum, the Museum of the Ancient Agora and the Attica Museum. Even the airport has a free museum, located on the second floor upstairs from the Olympic Airlines ticketing center. Athens Nightlife Set in a former paint factory, Bios claims to be Athens centre for todays art and cross media. The bar hosts DJs, screens art videos and occasionally transforms itself into a modern art exhibition space. Other music venues in Athens include Perivoli TOuranou (for traditional Greek music), Gagarin 205 (for metal) and An Club (for rock). In the summer months, the Rockwave Festival in Malakassa, a short drive from Athens, hosts a range of international musicians and thousands of sweaty concert goers. Nightlife Outside of Athens When youve had enough of the crowds and ancient ruins in Athens, head to a club outside the city. Specifically, check out the thriving alternative music club scene at Salonika, called the Seattle of the Balkans by the New York Times in 2007. Here, you can grab drinks, see contemporary art and hobnob with Greeces young and creative class. Be sure to visit Mylos, a former flour factory transformed in 1991 into an entertainment complex, and Xylourgeio, which spotlights experimental and alternative music.  References New York Times: Greek Youth Remake Seattle of the Balkans Saatchi-gallery.co.uk: Gallery Guide: Greece Thessaloniki International Film Festival State Museum of Contemporary Art Athens City Guide: Acropolis Lonely Planet: National Archeological Museum About the Author Based in Seattle, Steven Blum has been writing about arts and culture since 2002. His articles have appeared in The Stranger and The Seattle Post-Intelligencer newspapers. For two years, he served as Seattle city guide editor for New Yorks Blackbook Magazine. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in interdisciplinary studies from the University of Washington. Photo Credits Santorini,Greece image by AGITA LEIMANE from Fotolia.com Suggest an Article Correction  More Articles The Art  Architecture of Greece Arts  Entertainment in Singapore Georgia Arts  Entertainment Chicago Arts  Entertainment Arts  Entertainment in London Facts on Greece Art Travel Tips Articles Korea Arts  Entertainment Arts  Entertainment in South Jersey Arts  Entertainment in Indianapolis Phoenix Entertainment and Arts The Best Way to Travel to Greece Nepal Arts  Entertainment Famous Art in Greece Taiwan Arts  Entertainment Boise Arts  Entertainment Canada Arts  Entertainment Travel Tips Index Driven by Demand Media This story is part of Travel Tips Travel Tips  European Travel  Southern Europe Travel  Greece  Arts  Entertainment in Greece Have Feedback? Thank you for providing feedback to our Editorial staff on this article. Please fill in the following information so we can alert the Travel Tips editorial team about a factual or typographical error in this story. All Fields are required. Name E-mail Feedback Type What kind of error? Factual or Typographical Digital Rights and Permissions Other Comments or Corrections 2000 Character Limit Captcha Enter Code: Submit X 