 Home Solutions Automotive Solutions Automotive Overview Mentor Tools AUTOSAR Electrical Distribution Embedded Software Flow Simulation & Thermal Measurement Multi-Discipline Simulation Networking System Modeling Success Stories Resources News and Events Product Finder Mentor Graphics provides the most comprehensive set of electrical and electronic design automation solutions for the automotive, commercial vehicle, and off-highway industries around the world. Customers include most of the leading OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers. Connected Engineering for the Automotive Industry System design tools from Mentor Graphics help you control the increasing complexity of designing and manufacturing todays vehicles. Be it a sports car or a long-haul truck, each new model, feature, option, and variant multiplies the number of components and configurations that must be designed, integrated, produced, and managed. Using proven electronic design automation (EDA) methods of modeling, simulation, and analysis, Mentor Graphics solutions help you speed the design and implementation of vehicle systems whilst reducing costs and improving quality, these solutions include: IESF 2013 Come see Mentor Graphics automotive tools in action at IESF 2013 - this FREE event also includes industry presentations, case studies, product expo, networking events and 9 full tracks of industry and technical sessions. IESF Detroit Dearborn, MI  Sept. 19th, 2013 IESF Europe Munich, Germany  Oct. 24th, 2013 Product Definition and Architecture Flow Simulation and Thermal Measurement Multi- Discipline Simulation AUTOSAR Solutions Service  Documentation Electrical Systems Design and Wire Harness Engineering Network Design  Integration In-vehicle Infotainment (IVI) Embedded Software  Standards - AUTOSAR, GENIVI, SAE, ISO 26262 and JasPar Mentor Graphics is committed to the success of the automotive industry. We are premium members of leading standard organizations such as AUTOSAR, GENIVI and JasPar, who are working to foster open standards for auto engineering architecture. Learn more about Mentor and AUTOSAR  Learn More IESF TV View over 30 hours of videos from past IESF conferences on Electrical and Electronics design issues in the automotive industry. View IESF Videos Blogs Something new from Sony SiriusXM drops the other shoe White Papers Diagram Generation Tools Support Modern Automotive Electrical Design Processes ECAD Tools Level the Playing Field for Automotive Electrical Design What Race Car Teams Can Learn from Passenger Car Designers Automotive Solutions and Mentor Tools System Modeling Model Driven Architecture (MDA) provides effective, practical reuse of target-independent application models. Automotive Networking Networking and data communication solutions for Automotive networking systems. AUTOSAR AUTOSAR (AUTomotive Open System ARchitecture) is an open and standardized automotive software architecture, jointly developed by automobile manufacturers, suppliers and tool developers. Embedded Software Realize the advantages of in-vehicle infotainment with open source software tools and services. Mechatronics Simulation A virtual lab for creating and analyzing analog, digital, and mixed-signal systems. Electrical Distribution System Integrated applications and powerful design data management deliver seamless flows. Flow Simulation  Thermal Measurement Helping automotive designers analyze performance everywhere on the vehicle, inside and out. Automotive Resources Hansen Report - May, 2012 Report: The May 2012 Hansen Report is now available, featuring an extensive profile on Mentor Graphics and new automotive tool developments. View Report Step by Step...Confidently: Through the AUTOSAR Round Trip White Paper: This paper demonstrates the interaction and the interoperability of architecture and model-based design environments in five steps using the examples of MATLAB, Simulink, and Embedded Coder by MathWorks,... View White Paper Round-Trip Engineering Key to AUTOSAR-based Development White Paper: This paper discusses how round-trip engineering can be used as an iterative development process and describes interoperability between tools from Mentor and MathWorks. View White Paper View all Automotive Resources: White Papers, Datasheets, Web Seminars, and more Mentor Graphics Announces Program for the 13th Annual Automotive Integrated Electrical Solutions Forum (IESF 2013) Proterra Standardizes on Electrical Systems Design and Wire Harness Engineering Tools from Mentor Graphics CaetanoBus Streamlines its Electrical Design Processes Using Capital Software from Mentor Graphics Subscribe to the Automotive eNews Sign Up Now Solutions Products Electrical  Wire Harness Design Electronic System Level Design Embedded Software FPGA Functional Verification IC Design IC Manufacturing Intellectual Property Mechanical Analysis PCB Design PCB Manufacturing, Assembly & Test Silicon Test and Yield Analysis System Modeling Vehicle System Design View All Products Support Training & Services Company Blogs User: Sign In Email Address Password Forgot Password? Cancel Sign In | | Create Account Mentor Graphics Automotive Solutions Menu Search All of mentor.com mentor.com White Papers mentor.com Multimedia mentor.com Downloads  The EDA Technology Leader 1-800-547-3000  Mentor Graphics, All rights reserved. Site Map | Careers | Partners/Foundry Support | Contact Us | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | International Websites  