  Shopping Tools Vehicle Tools Build Your Own Competitive Comparison Download a Catalog Offers  Finance Deals  Offers Estimate Payments Trade-in Appraisal Contact Chevrolet Schedule a Test Drive Get Email Updates Live Chat Search Inventory Request a Quote Locate a Store  Locate a Store Please enter your ZIP code to find dealers in your area: GO Click Here for Advanced Search.  View All Dealers Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals  Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards  Safety Design  Technology History  About All Search Search Popular Searches Camaro Silverado Equinox Corvette Impala  Cruze MYEE Traverse Volt Silverado Accessories Chat Contact Us Questions Cars Crossovers  SUVs Trucks  Vans All Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards  Safety Design  Technology History  About All Previous Safety “Highest Ranked in Initial Quality for Midsize Sporty Car (tie), Large Car, Large CUV, Large Heavy Duty Pickup, Large Light Duty Pickup (tie)” Chevrolet vehicles are giving our consumers the quality the deserve. According to the 2013 J.D. Power and Associates Initial Quality Study SM , Chevrolet received five segment awards, more than any other auto brand. Read Article Next List View Thumbnail View Most Recent Most Popular   History HISTORY WITH A MYSTERY: THE CHEVROLET BOWTIE. The Chevrolet bowtie—introduced by company co-founder William C. Durant in late 1913—is one of the most recognized emblems in the world today. But how it came to be synonymous with the brand is open to wide interpretation. History with a mystery: The Chevrolet Bowtie. The Chevrolet emblem may have been inspired by a piece of wallpaper. Or maybe not. Read Article History CHEVROLET 100 YEARS OF ICONS Throughout its 100-year history, Chevrolet has created hundreds of different cars and trucks. Many have their passionate fans and collectors. Some stand out as iconic –personifying the spirit, style, and dependability that have defined Chevrolet. Throughout its 100-year history, Chevrolet has created hundreds of different cars and trucks. Many have their passionate fans and collectors. Some stand out as iconic –personifying the spirit, style, and dependability that have defined Chevrolet. Read Article History ONE FOR THE BOOK: CHEVY MEMORABILIA Very few can claim ownership of 2,014 Chevrolet Corvettes. In June, Charles Mallon was certified by Guinness for having the Largest Collection of Chevrolet Memorabilia. Charles Mallon owns 2,014 Corvettes, and only one is in his garage. Read Article History The top 10 moments in Chevrolet motorsports It wasn’t easy. After all, 100 years is a long time. Especially with an international motorsports heritage as storied as ours. So, after much thought and a fistfight or two, we present to you the top 10 defining moments in Chevrolet racing history. It wasn’t easy. After all, 100 years is a long time. Especially with an international motorsports heritage as storied as ours. So, after much thought and a fistfight or two, we present to you the top 10 defining moments in Chevrolet racing history. Read Article News Bi-fuel Silverado 2500HD can switch between gasoline and natural gas Bi-fuel Silverado 2500HD can switch between gasoline and natural gas. Continuing a commitment to cleaner, more efficient vehicles, Chevrolet is offering both fleet and retail consumers an all-new bi-fuel Silverado 2500HD Extended Cab that seamlessly switches between gasoline and compressed natural gas (CNG). Chevy is currently taking orders for the trucks that will be on the road this fall. Chevrolet is offering both fleet and retail consumers a bi-fuel Silverado 2500HD. Read Article News 2014 CRUZE CLEAN TURBO DIESEL TO HIT THE STAGE IN CLEVELAND. 2014 Cruze Clean Turbo Diesel to hit the stage in Cleveland. It’s the first clean diesel car ever produced by a U.S. automaker and it’s ready to take the “Rock and Roll Capital of the World” by storm when it hits the stage at the Cleveland Auto Show. Clean diesels generate at least 90% less Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) and particulate emissions when compared to previous-generation diesels. The Cruze Clean Turbo Diesel will be on display throughout the event that begins on February 23 and runs until March 3. It will be released to the public Summer 2013. Announcing the first clean diesel car ever produced by a U.S. automaker. Read Article Innovation BE TRULY MOBILE WITH APPS Two new mobile apps put the power right in your palm. Two new mobile apps put the power right in your palm. Our smart phone technology helps keep you moving like never before with two new mobile apps... Read Article Innovation BRING THE SHOWROOM TO YOU The power to shop for your next car in the palm of your hand Wouldn't it be cool if you could go car shopping without actually going anywhere? Wouldn't it be even cooler if you were out and about and away from your computer, but you could still go car shopping? Well, now you can... Visit the showroom while on the go. The power to shop for your next car in the palm of your hand. Read Article Innovation Chevrolet MyLink: LIFE. SIMPLY. CONNECTED. MyLink allows you to easily connect your smartphone straight to your Chevy vehicle. This simple connection lets you take control of a wide-range of top-notch technology right at your fingertips. MyLink allows you to easily connect your smartphone straight to your Chevy vehicle. This simple connection lets you take control of a wide-range of top-notch technology right at your fingertips. Read Article Innovation POWERTRAIN ENGINEERING ELEVATED TO SWEET SCIENCE From the birth of the V8 small block in 1955 to the high-tech, high-performance vehicles coming off the line today, Chevy explores what turns a driver into a car nut. The past, present and future of Chevy technology and performance Read Article Innovation THE NEXT PROPULSION CHAPTER From extended range electrics, hybrids and alternative fuels to a new generation of hydrogen-powered fuel cells, Chevy is charging into the future of fuel economy. The Chevy Multi-Tech Approach: The Next Propulsion Chapter Read Article Innovation Innovation Meets Performance Innovation Meets Performance in these five cutting-edge athletic technologies. 4 cutting-edge athletic technologies Read Article Innovation Comfortably Idling Between Innovative and Insane From Corvette and Camaro to Sonic and beyond, Chevrolet engineers are employing cutting-edge technology to make the driving experience more exciting, safe and comfortable than ever before. Chevrolet engineers advance the science behind the exhilaration of “driving dynamics”. Read Article Innovation The Connection Revolution Not that many years ago, auto enthusiasts examined each other’s cars, asking, “What do you have under the hood?” Make no mistake — Chevrolet has plenty of potent powertrains available to answer that question — but for many tech-savvy enthusiasts, the question has become, “What do you have in the dashboard?” Not that many years ago, auto enthusiasts examined each other’s cars, asking, “What do you have under the hood?” Make no mistake — Chevrolet has plenty of potent powertrains available to answer that question. Read Article Innovation Driver’s Ed When one young couple boots up Forza Motorsport after their toddler son’s bedtime, they get to check out the rides of two Volts, a Spark and a Corvette ZR1—all without leaving their living room. Virtual test drives Read Article Innovation Independent Study The only thing that beats the thrill of assembling the inaugural Corvette 427 Convertible Collector Edition engine yourself is pushing the starter button to fire it for the very first time. IT executive Greg Lotko builds his own Corvette engine Read Article Innovation THE TECHNOLOGY OF DESIGN Chevy Technology Series Part 5: Exterior Design Chevy Technology Series Part 5: Exterior Design Read Article Innovation The Quest to Create the Volt Battery Like Jason’s quest to find the Golden Fleece with the help of the Argonauts, GM enlisted the Argonne (National Laboratory) to help them produce the revolutionary battery for Chevrolet’s Volt. Chevy and the Argonne Read Article Innovation Interior Design Style and comfort. Safety. Connectivity and infotainment. Chevrolet is taking refinement to the next level with world-class interiors. Chevrolet engineers advance are taking refinement to the next level with world-class interiors. Read Article Innovation Experience CHEVY MOBILE APPS wherever you go Chevy offers smart phone technology that can help you keep moving and in touch like never before. Connect with your car, your dealership, and your interests wherever you are. Read Article Innovation AN APPROACH TO OUR ENVIRONMENT AS AMBITIOUS AS OUR CARS Adding to the environment by subtracting CO2. What do you call the reduction of up to 8 million metric tons of carbon dioxide from the air? We call it a start... Adding to the environment by subtracting CO2. What do you call the reduction of up to 8 million metric tons of carbon dioxide from the air? We call it a start... Read Article Innovation BioFuels Chevy offers cleaner-burning E85 FlexFuel-capable vehicles. For the past ten years, Chevrolet has been producing vehicles capable of running on a biofuel that grows primarily from the earth. E85 ethanol is a mostly renewable fuel source made from U.S.-grown grain products. Chevy offers cleaner-burning E85 FlexFuel-capable vehicles. Read Article Innovation Connect on a whole new level OnStar Brings the Power of 4G LTE to the Chevy Volt. Combined with the power of 4G LTE, OnStar is taking vehicle connectivity to a whole new level with Angry Birds, Skype and Netflix coming standard in a Chevrolet Volt research vehicle. OnStar Brings the Power of 4G LTE to the Chevy Volt Read Article Innovation The Moms That Helped MAKE MALIBU Meet the team of mom engineers who helped develop the all-new 2013 Malibu. Their unique insights as moms have helped drive the engineering of key components on the 2013 Malibu. As the first global midsize sedan for Chevrolet, Malibu will be sold in 100 countries throughout six continents. As moms and engineers, this team can take pride in knowing that their accomplishments will be felt across the world. Meet the team of mom engineers who helped develop the all-new 2013 Malibu. Their unique insights as moms have helped drive the engineering of key components on the 2013 Malibu. Read Article Innovation Trucks Are Stylish, Too. (Really!) Yes, trucks are “guy things’—they’re large and loud—but they’re handsome, simple objects that age like fine leather. From Marfa, Texas to Brooklin, Maine, two Chevy pickups become a kind of signature. Read Article Innovation Put Your Fashion Mettle to the Pedal Design guru Isaac Mizrahi’s new driving shoes inspired by the 2012 Chevy Malibu top Cool Mom Picks’ Liz Gumbinner’s wish list. Five styles of drive-friendly shoes for when you’re buckled in or stepping out Read Article Innovation Silence Is Golden Chevy Malibu acoustics engineer Kara Gordon wants the journey to be as peaceful as the destination. The Quest for Quiet Is the Latest (Shhh!) Trend Read Article Innovation From the Road to the Rink (and Back Again) Known on the rink as “Shovey Camaro,” Suzy Cody not only gets a work-out playing this sport on wheels; it also influences her career at General Motors. What One Car-Pooling Roller Derby Mom and a Chevy Aerodynamics Engineer Have in Common Read Article Innovation Change Your Vehicle, Keep Your Lifestyle Chevrolet has been pushing the limits of fuel efficiency for years so you can be confident your vehicle is getting the most out of every drop of fuel. We’re committed to finding and developing new solutions every day to meet the growing demand for better fuel economy without ever sacrificing performance... Chevrolet is finding ways to get the most out of every drop of fuel so you can go ahead and take the scenic route. Read Article Innovation Carbon Stories It's been said the only people who can change the world are those who want to. Well, we want to. That's why we're exploring more fuel-efficient options and technologies with our vehicles. But we want to do more. We’re investing in CO2-reducing projects across the country. It’s the right thing to do. Read Article Innovation Chevrolet and Disney create magic with new Test Track® Presented by Chevrolet Chevrolet and Disney brought their best creative minds together, and after a lot of very hard and very fun work, are excited to introduce the latest magical entertainment experience at Epcot® – Test Track® nbsp;presented by Chevrolet. The Chevrolet Design Team and Walt Disney’s Imagineering is a match made in design heaven, both specializing in a blend of imagination and engineering. The end result is a first of its kind automotive design attraction where guests get to experience what it’s like to be a Chevrolet designer, creating a vision of the future in the form of their own unique custom Chevrolet concept vehicle. Chevrolet and Disney brought their best creative minds together to “reimagine” Test Track – an Epcot® attraction that lets guests design their own custom Chevrolet concept vehicle, then hit the track in a high-speed test drive. Read Article Innovation Kids Who Are Changing the World From feeding the hungry by growing more than two tons of vegetables to devising revolutionary ways to fight climate change, these teenagers are acting today to shape tomorrow. 3 Young Visionaries with Innovative Solutions to Drive Our Future Read Article Innovation Signs of the Times? Everyday hero Gibbs Connors’ success is due not only to his talent, but also to a human ability that computers can’t reproduce. A self-proclaimed “blue-collar graphic designer” attempts to save the art of hand-painted signs, one brushstroke at a time. Read Article Innovation Who’s in Charge of the Radio? Answering whether the driver chooses the station on the car radio, or if the kids control the dial. Read more about democracy in selecting radio stations. The driver decides what’s played on the radio, right? Not in blogger Clay Nichols’ car, where on-board entertainment has been—to his horror—democratized. Read Article Innovation No Bark. All Bite. Not only does the Spark EV generate a new and exciting option for customers but it also creates opportunities for engineers to question how a car is made and tested. “We've had to be very creative in digging into what is important to the customer … not just check the box. “It’s the Willy Wonka story where you get the golden ticket” says Trista Schieffer, the lead development engineer on Chevrolet’s first all electrice car, the Spark EV. Read Article Innovation BringGo: Explore Your World Imagine getting from Point A to Point B and even to Point C without getting lost. BringGo lets you stay in the loop through a Where Am I? locator, local search via GoogleTM, instant access to emergency locations and thousands of points of interests. When it comes to driving a 2013 Sonic, a 2013 Spark or a 2014 Spark EV, spontaneity comes with the calling. Now you can finally navigate the adventure without the added distractions through the BringGo smartphone app that delivers plenty of easy-to-use, instant-access navigation features when synced with available Chevrolet MyLink. Read Article Innovation Spend the Night with Frank Lloyd Wright Fans of Frank Lloyd Wright will appreciate these five Midwestern masterpieces that can be booked for overnight stay.. Wright Fans Will Rejoice in These Rentable Midwestern Masterpieces. Read Article Innovation Chevrolet MyLink stands out in 2013 The new Chevrolet MyLink impresses CNET after debuting at CES 2013 Chevrolet MyLink stands out in2013. Chevrolet MyLink left an impression with technology insiders by earning rave reviews for serving up technology that’s cutting-edge, yet simple to use. The new Chevrolet MyLink impresses CNET after debuting at CES 2013 Read Article Innovation Sculptures That Will Move You (Literally) These fantastical works of whimsy and engineering can travel over surf and turf Kinetic sculptures, fantastical works of whimsy and engineering, can travel over surf and turf. These fantastical works of whimsy and engineering can travel over surf and turf Read Article Innovation 5 Innovative Designs That Can Change Lives Ingenious solutions that are highly conscious of the environment and the world around us Like the Chevy Volt, these practical, ingenious solutions aim to make the world a better place Read Article Innovation THE TECHY TRIO THE CHOICE IS YOURS Spark, Sonic and Cruze: three technologically advanced wonders that pack a powerful punch in their own big way. Outside, they have aesthetics that turn heads and get people talking. Inside, they’re set to spoil any driver with ridiculous amounts of entertainment and fun. Spark, Sonic and Cruze: three technologically advanced wonders that pack a powerful punch in their own big way. Outside, they have aesthetics that turn heads and get people talking. Inside, they’re set to spoil any driver with ridiculous amounts of entertainment and fun. Read Article Innovation It’s Not Your Grandfather’s Fuel Anymore One writer recalls the old days of diesel—and celebrates the cleaner future his son can look forward to. How the debut of the 2014 Cruze Clean Turbo Diesel challenged one writer’s childhood memories Read Article Innovation Innovative Ways to Save Family Memories Whether you want to upload photos and movies to The Cloud, record audio or create a digital time capsule, there’s technology out there to help you. Make sure that road trip in your Traverse is preserved forever. Read Article Innovation 6 Apps for the road These days, to make the most of your miles and capture memories along the way, there’s more to serious road-tripping than a map or an all-star navigation system. To make the most of your miles and your memories, you’ll need more than a map or an all-star navigation system Read Article Innovation Game-Changing Innovation A look at baseball innovations that have changed the nature of our national pastime, in much the same way that Chevrolet is changing the nature of driving and, through Chevrolet MyLink Radio, turning its vehicles into virtual sports command centers on wheels. Just as Chevrolet’s designers and engineers continue to reinvent driving, technology continues to reinvent baseball Read Article Innovation Design-Minded Destinations in the Desert They don’t call it the Painted Desert for nothing! Sculpture installations and artist enclaves abound in the Southwest. With sculpture installations that run the gamut from concrete boxes to an haute-couture clothing store by the side of the highway, the American Southwest is as cosmopolitan as the Chevrolet Spark Read Article Innovation A Novel That Takes You on the Road Jump in your car for the vehicle-centric audio experience that is the new e-book The Silent History. A riveting new e-book—part novel, part scavenger hunt—requires adventure in your car Read Article Innovation The Fastest Tracks It may be hard to compare miles-per-hour with beats-per-minute, but some recordings zip along at lightning speed. In the spirit of the 2014 Spark EV, these songs can really accelerate! Read Article Innovation COOL POOLS The Sonic gets you excited to hit the road; sophisticated, turbo-charged swimming pools get you excited to hit the water. Like the spunky Sonic, these hotel pools are designed for fun seekers who like their holidays to be a bit on the wild side. Read Article Innovation Lightning Torque Artist Todd Johnson’s lightning sculptures thrill art lovers in much the same way that the 2014 Spark EV’s instant 400 pound-feet of torque thrills drivers. What the 2014 Spark EV has in common with sculptures created by a particle accelerator Read Article Innovation Out of the Woodwork The Impala’s exquisite interior trim has a lot in common with “Against the Grain: Wood in Contemporary Art, Craft and Design,” a new exhibition at the Museum of Arts and Design in New York. Innovation, finely crafted—like the interior of the 2014 Impala Read Article Innovation Trading Spaces: The Modern Yurt Next time you hit the open road in your surprisingly roomy Spark, be sure to check into one of these amazing structures located across the United States. Revolutionizing the design of compact space—much like the Chevrolet Spark Read Article Innovation The Sports Fanatic’s Ultimate Car Radio Experience Get and share up-to-the-minute scores, manage your fantasy baseball and football teams, or go global with the BBC and more—all on the road from the cockpit of your sports command center on wheels: the Chevrolet Spark. How to stay connected to all your favorite teams while you’re on the road Read Article Innovation Inspiring Young Minds Whether your budding genius is a Silicon Valley inventor in the making or a future Chevrolet auto pioneer, you’ll find entertaining exhibits and engaging hands-on workshops to stimulate their minds at these interactive halls of science, industry and technology. 9 Kid-Friendly Museums Around the Country That Celebrate and Teach Innovation Read Article Innovation HOTELS WHERE YOU AND YOUR CAR CAN RECHARGE Some hotels are now featuring the newest must-have amenity: a charging station for your car—so you can recharge your Volt’s battery at the same time that you wind down and recharge your own. Accommodations across the country get smarter. Read Article Innovation Let Technology Be Your Trainer: 5 Health and Wellness Apps Downloadable tools that put you on the road to a better you Downloadable tools that put you on the road to a better you Read Article Innovation 5 Steps to a Stress-Free Commute Helpful hints for instilling calm when you’re on the road to the office. Your Chevrolet Cruze takes you more than halfway toward enjoying your daily drive to work; here are some tips for the home stretch. Read Article Innovation Tiny Houses Innovative, space-saving designs that are similar in principle to the Chevrolet Spark are just the right size to pull to a new location with a Chevrolet truck. In living, as in driving, small is the new big thing. Read Article Innovation 4 Soundtracks for 4 Different Drives In just a few swipes, you can build the ideal playlist for up to four unique experiences. From the cockpit of the 2014 Impala, you can personalize musical themes for routines and adventures alike. Read Article Innovation Inventors, Innovators and Creators: Maker Faire 2013 Maker Faire is a family event that celebrates all makers of new forms and technologies. Part science fair, part county fair, this all-ages gathering is sure to open your eyes to new ideas Read Article Innovation No More Lost Keys Can’t find your car keys? These devices will help prevent that from ever happening again. Because the first rule of being a trailblazer is making it onto the trail Read Article Innovation Driving Gets Personal Stay in touch, connected and in tune with driving pleasures—technology in the latest vehicles help you do it all. How cars are changing to meet the needs of the mobile generation Read Article Innovation Coming to a Windshield Near You? What if your the windshield had voice-command smart displays? Someday, augmented-reality technology could change the way we drive Read Article Innovation 5 Real-Life Superhero Technologies As seen in the Chevrolet Volt, technological leaps know no bounds. As Chevrolet Volt drivers will tell you, sometimes ordinary people get the power to do extraordinary things Read Article Innovation Technology That Changes Lives: World’s First Cars with Siri Integration Associate editor of Cool Mom Tech, Jeana Lee Tahnk, talks about the world’s first cars to offer integration of Siri Eyes Free: the Chevy Sonic and Chevy Spark. Interview with Jeana Lee Tahnk, associate editor of Cool Mom Tech Read Article Innovation LED Displays That Dazzle Four public art projects enable visitors to see things in a new light Four public art projects enable visitors to see things in a new light Read Article Innovation Bookmarking Your Drive The ability to bookmark while on the road introduces a whole new paradigm to the driving experience. Save location addresses, voice-command a written text—it’s a whole new ride Read Article Innovation Ship Shape From a coffee drive-thru to a New York penthouse, the shipping container as architecture holds a lot of innovative promise. Converting shipping containers is the latest trend in innovative, sustainable design Read Article Innovation Finding “The One” (parking space, that is) While we count down the days until the park-assist Chevrolet 2014 SS Sedan arrives, here are the best apps to help you find a spot—and recall where it is—when you don’t have time to spare. Come fall, the 2014 Chevrolet SS Sedan will do most of the work for you. In the meantime, check out these parking apps. Read Article Innovation Farm Fresh Watch greenery sprout on rafts, sample fresh pizza ingredients, pick dates from palm trees in the Mojave Desert and walk an alpaca. Ingenuity and quirky fun abound at these new-style farming escapes Read Article Innovation The Highway of the Future Studio Roosegaarde’s ingenious Smart Highway design concept features glow-in-the-dark lane markers and the capability to charge car batteries through road-to-magnet induction. A Dutch design studio is applying the most advanced and ingenious technology to create a sustainable, safe and intuitive drive Read Article Innovation Tech Tinkerers Join Forces The Maker’s Movement—as seen around the country in these 5 events—celebrates the everyday DIYer. A do-it-yourself revolution is bringing together likeminded craftspeople Read Article Innovation Starchitects Rock the Museum Scene Whether it’s the art world or the car world, maximizing space—in a fun and functional way—is design’s latest challenge. Whether it’s the art world or the car world, maximizing space—in a fun and functional way—is design’s latest challenge Read Article Innovation Not Your Grandpa’s Tree House Co-exist with nature at these design-conscious skyward destinations. Three stylish and skyward destinations re-invent the beloved classic Read Article Innovation Chevrolet Meets the Innovators at SXSW 2013 Interview with Jeff Raubitschek and Henry Green, creators of zero-button movie creation app Splenvid Interview with Adriano Farano, co-founder of video-newscast app Watchup Read Article Innovation Chevrolet Meets the Innovators at SXSW 2013 Interview with Jeff Raubitschek and Henry Green, creators of zero-button movie creation app Splenvid. Interview with Jeff Raubitschek and Henry Green, creators of zero-button movie creation app Splenvid Read Article Innovation Chevrolet Meets the Innovators at SXSW 2013 Interview with Sandeep Ayyappan of social news reader Delve Interview with Sandeep Ayyappan of social news reader Delve Read Article Innovation Greening Your Tech A list of eco-friendly devices that more positively impact our Earth Use as many gadgets as you like, without the guilt. Read Article Innovation Finder of the Lost Cars Keith Ingersoll’s Lost Car Registry has found cars—including a 1967 Impala—thousands of miles from home, and reunited them with their owners. It’s become his true passion, so much so that he’s currently in negotiations, along with Paul de Souza, an executive director, to shoot a TV pilot about his work. Keith Ingersoll plays the role of car detective, pro bono. Read Article Safety Sonic receives the highest safety rating possible The Sonic isn’t just the most fun car to drive. It’s also designed with safety in mind. Learn about the latest safety rating it received. The 2012 Sonic Hatchback and Sedan aren’t just fun to drive, they’re also safe — and we have the vehicle scores to prove it. Read Article Safety Putting Safety on Top Chevy makes safety a top priority with features to protect you before, during, and thanks to Onstar, after in the event of a crash. Chevy makes safety a top priority with features to protect you before, during and after in the event of a crash Read Article Safety Cruze Wins Car of the Year Honors NADAguides.com, a leading online provider of new and used vehicle pricing and information, has awarded its influential “Car of the Year” honors to the 2011 Chevrolet Cruze. NADAguides.com, a leading online provider of new and used vehicle pricing and information, has awarded its influential “Car of the Year” honors to the 2011 Chevrolet Cruze. Read Article Safety Chevy nabs five Kelley Blue Book Awards At Chevy, upping our game means designing, engineering and producing vehicles that perform beyond expectations now and maintain their quality and value over the long haul. It’s because of this dedication that five of our 2012 vehicles received the Best Resale Value Award by Kelley Blue Book. At Chevy, upping our game means designing, engineering and producing vehicles that perform beyond expectations now and maintain their quality and value over the long haul. It’s because of this dedication that five of our 2012 vehicles received the Best Resale Value Award by Kelley Blue Book. Read Article Safety U.S. NEWS AND WORLD REPORT NAMES CRUZE A 2012 BEST COMPACT CAR FOR THE MONEY U.S. News and World Report has named the 2012 Cruze “Best Compact Car for the Money.” The Best Cars for the Money Awards help identify cars that hit quality and value from all sides. The award-winning vehicles have the best combination of praise from car reviewers and lower up-front and long-term ownership costs. In short, the winners aren’t just good cars or good values. They’re both. U.S. News and World Report has named the 2012 Cruze Best Compact Car for the Money. Read Article Safety Safety to SHOW UP THE REST Volt, Sonic and Cruze land on Forbes list of 10 Safest Small Cars. With nods to the standout safety features of these vehicles, it’s undeniable that Chevy is holding its own amongst the small car competition. In addition to delivering dependable safety, each of these cars comes loaded with the attitude and feel that connects with consumers... Volt, Sonic and Cruze land on Forbes list of 10 Safest Small Cars. In addition to delivering dependable safety, each of these cars comes loaded with attitude. Read Article Safety Safety designed to fit seamlessly into your ever-evolving life. From the high-strength steel safety cage and 10 standard air bags † to the StabiliTrak ® Electronic Stability Control System with Traction Control and the peace of mind of OnStar ® , Cruze has achieved high vehicle safety ratings and accolades. Learn more about these important features and watch the video to discover what drives us to make the safest vehicles possible. Safety designed to fit seamlessly into your ever-evolving life. Cruze offers a “more” approach to prevention and protection. Read Article Safety “Highest Ranked Vehicle Appeal Among Compact Cars, Two Years In A Row.” 3 J.D. Power and Associates has ranked the 2012 Sonic 1 and 2012 Volt 1 as having the “Highest Ranked Vehicle Appeal among Sub-Compact Cars and Compact cars.” More than 70,000 new-vehicle buyers were included in the Automotive Performance, Execution and Layout Study SM which looked at Fuel Economy, Driving Dynamics, Vehicle Exterior, Visibility and Driving Safety, among other factors. J.D. Power and Associates has ranked the 2012 Sonic 1 and 2012 Volt 1 as having the “Highest Ranked Vehicle Appeal among Sub-Compact Cars and Compact cars.” More than 70,000 new-vehicle buyers were included in the Automotive Performance, Execution and Layout Study SM which looked at Fuel Economy, Driving Dynamics, Vehicle Exterior, Visibility and Driving Safety, among other factors. Read Article Safety STAND OUT FROM THE REST OF THE CLASS. Kelley Blue Book’s KBB.com names Sonic one of the “10 Best Back-to-School Cars of 2012” The “10 Best Back-to-School Cars of 2012” by Kelley Blue Book’s KBB.com took notice of Sonic’s sporty design, vibrant colors, space for friends and even the cool name as something that students will appreciate — Hatchback or Sedan. Kelley Blue Book’s KBB.com names Sonic one of the “10 Best Back-to-School Cars of 2012” Read Article Safety Chevy Cruze Celebrates Chevrolet leads in the showroom and on the IndyCar track. We keep our head in the game when it comes to competing in the realm of cars. So it’s no surprise that for the months of August and September 2012, Cruze was the best selling compact car, and that Chevy Indycar racers are taking away the most wins this season 2 . Cruze surpassed Honda Civic as the best selling compact car for the months of August and September 2012 2 . From sales to technology, our cars have been winning accolades and challenging conventional thinking. Read Article Safety Business As Usual Chevy Silverado earns the Vincentric lowest cost of ownership honor for full-size pickups for the third year in a row. We are happy to tell you that driving one can actually save you money over time. Grab one of your own and hold onto your hard earned cash. Chevy Silverado earned the Vincentric lowest cost of ownership honor for full-size pickups for the third year in a row. Read Article Safety Chevrolet Volt and Chevrolet Sonic Win Consumer Guide® Automotive's “Best Buy” Accolades The automotive experts at Consumer Guide® Automotive have recognized the 2013 Chevy Sonic with its prestigious “Best Buy” Award for Subcompact Cars. And in a brand-new category — “Electric” — the 2013 Chevrolet Volt has also won Consumer Guide® Automotive’s “Best Buy” honors. The automotive experts at Consumer Guide® Automotive have recognized the 2013 Chevy Sonic with its prestigious “Best Buy” Award for Subcompact Cars. And in a brand-new category — “Electric” — the 2013 Chevrolet Volt has also won Consumer Guide® Automotive’s “Best Buy” honors. Read Article Safety Volt, Silverado and Impala Receive 2013 5-Year Cost to Own Awards from Kelley Blue Book’s KBB.com Kelley Blue Book has been the last word on automobile valuation since the Model T was in production. But in addition to helping used-car buyers and sellers agree on a price, the experts at KBB.com annually recognize vehicles in each class with the lowest cost of ownership over the first five years (regardless of initial purchase price). Three Chevrolet vehicles —Volt, Silverado and Impala — made the list. Three Chevrolet vehicles have received 2013 Kelley Blue Book’s KBB.com 5-Year Cost to Own Awards. Repeat award recipients Volt, Silverado and Impala were among the vehicles recognized for their low maintenance costs and high resale value. Read Article Safety Tips for Parents of New Drivers With these resources, you’ll feel better about handing over the keys to the Traverse With these resources, you’ll feel better about handing over the keys to the Traverse. With these resources, you’ll feel better about handing over the keys to the Traverse Read Article Safety Driver’s Etiquette You know the left lane is for passing, right? This Driver’s Ed refresher will keep you pleasant in the passenger lane Mind your manners on the road Read Article Safety TRAVERSE, SUBURBAN  CRUZE NAMED BEST FAMILY CARS Attention parents: You don’t have to scour safety studies or go on a dealership crawl every weekend to find the best vehicle for your family. U.S. News puts out a yearly list of the cars, vans and SUVs that offer the best combination of quality, space and family-friendly features. U.S. News Awards Three Chevrolet Vehicles the Title “Best Car for Families” Read Article Safety “Highest Ranked in Initial Quality for Midsize Sporty Car (tie), Large Car, Large CUV, Large Heavy Duty Pickup, Large Light Duty Pickup (tie)” Chevrolet Has Received More 2013 J.D. Power Initial Quality Awards Than Any Other Automotive Brand. These results highlight Chevrolet’s commitment to quality. Customers want inventive designs, advanced features, exhilarating performance and great quality-without any sacrifices. At Chevrolet, quality is at the center of every decision that affects the development of every vehicle. Chevrolet vehicles are giving our consumers the quality the deserve. According to the 2013 J.D. Power and Associates Initial Quality Study SM , Chevrolet received five segment awards, more than any other auto brand. Read Article News ALL-NEW 2014 IMPALA: REVEALED This is Impala like you’ve never seen before. And it’s coming in early Spring 2013. How does a legend that runs more than 50 years deep become the pinnacle of style, innovation and performance for the next generation? The answer lies in the all-new 2014 Chevrolet Impala. Read Article News How do you top the Camaro ZL1? Maybe you don't. Introducing a convertible with the power and performance of Camaro ZL1 coupe.When it goes on sale in 2012, the 2013 Camaro ZL-1 convertible will be one of the most powerful, and most capable, convertibles available at any price said Al Oppenheiser, Camaro chief engineer. Introducing a convertible with the power and performance of Camaro ZL1 coupe. Read Article News CAMARO DELIVERS MORE IN 2013 Since it roared onto the street in 1967 Camaro has been a force to be reckoned with — the epitome of what a performance car should be. Camaro is bringing new models and features for 2013. For 46 years Camaro drivers — and those who long to join the club — have pushed us to deliver power, performance and technology. It’s what they’ve come to expect. And it’s exactly what we’re delivering again in 2013. Read Article News Chevrolet and Liverpool FC, Building a community around the world Chevrolet and Liverpool FC are bringing unique experiences to fans and connecting them even closer to the game. Chevrolet and Liverpool FC are bringing unique experiences to fans and connecting them even closer to the game. Read Article News Choose a Song. Upload Your Own. Then Watch  Win. MTV Iggy is throwing a massive party to mark the U.S. debut of Chevy Spark. After earning rave reviews from Asia to Africa, South America to Europe, Spark is celebrating with MTV Iggy by bringing you a global music showcase... MTV Iggy is throwing a massive party to mark the U.S. debut of Chevy Spark. After earning rave reviews from Asia to Africa, South America to Europe, Spark is celebrating with MTV Iggy by bringing you a global music showcase... Read Article News The Mark of a New Generation, Crossed Flags Revealed Chevrolet reveals the mark of a new generation - the redesign of the iconic Crossed Flags emblem for the Next Generation 2014 Corvette.Check it out and get ready for the official unveiling of the 2014 Corvette on January 13, 2013. The Mark of a New Generation, Unveiled Read Article News Camaro Hot Wheels Special Edition We know what you’re thinking, and no, you’re not dreaming. We took one of the most iconic toys to ever hit the shelves and turned it into one of the coolest real-life production Camaro models to date. Introducing the 2013 Camaro Hot Wheels ® Special Edition. Read Article News Coming Soon to an Auto Show Near You… Chevrolet will have a presence at more than 60 auto shows across the country this winter. And while visitors will get to kick the tires on lots of new 2014 Chevys, it’s the all-new Corvette and Silverado that will really turn heads. Chevrolet will have a presence at more than 60 auto shows across the country this winter. And while visitors will get to kick the tires on lots of new 2014 Chevys, it’s the all-new Corvette and Silverado that will really turn heads. Read Article News THREE VEHICLES NAMED A CONSUMERS DIGEST “BEST BUY” The 2013 Consumers Digest Automotive Best Buy picks are out, and three Chevy vehicles - Camaro, Sonic, and Equinox -made the list. The 2013 Consumers Digest Automotive Best Buy picks are out, and three Chevy vehicles - Camaro, Sonic, and Equinox -made the list. Read Article News The 2014 Corvette Stingray has arrived. The wait is over. Today, the countdown ticker hit zero and the world welcomed the 2014 Stingray in Detroit, Michigan. The wait is over. Today, the countdown ticker hit zero and the world welcomed the 2014 Stingray in Detroit, Michigan. Read Article News FOR THE 2014 STINGRAY CONVERTIBLE On March 5 the Corvette Stingray convertible was unveiled in Geneva, paying homage to its international flair. On March 5 the Corvette Stingray convertible was unveiled in Geneva, paying homage to its international flair. By the numbers, this will be the most powerful and technologically advanced standard Corvette to date. The Stingray offers a GM estimated 450 horsepower and 450 lb.-ft. of torque. On March 5 the Corvette Stingray convertible was unveiled in Geneva, paying homage to its international flair. Read Article News The 2014 Chevrolet SS In 2013, Chevrolet will add an all-new sport sedan to its already impressive performance car lineup with the debut of the 2014 Chevrolet SS. The Chevrolet SS is the first rear-wheel-drive sedan to enter the Chevrolet portfolio in 17 years. Engineered for performance enthusiasts seeking an exhilarating driving experience while providing luxurious space, comfort and convenience. In 2013, Chevrolet will add an all-new sport sedan to its already impressive performance car lineup with the debut of the 2014 Chevrolet SS. Read Article News Restyled 2014 Camaro Revealed at New York Auto Show In an impressive four-car display of advanced performance technology, the restyled Camaro will be unveiled alongside the all-new Corvette Stingray convertible, the all-new Corvette Stingray coupe, and the 415-hp Chevrolet SS sedan. 2014 Camaro, Corvette Stingray and SS Sedan Take Center Stage at the The New York International Auto Show. Read Article News CAMARO Z/28. A LEGEND RETURNS. Today in New York City, Chevrolet shocked the world by introducing the Camaro Z/28 for the 2014 model year. Originally introduced in 1967, Camaro Z/28 was designed specifically to compete in the Sports Car Club of America’s Trans-Am 2 class. Lightweight, nimble and incredibly powerful, the original Z/28 was designed ideally for road racing. The 2014 Z/28 carries the same spirit, with every detail engineered specifically to create the ultimate track-capable Camaro. Today in New York City, Chevrolet shocked the world by introducing Camaro Z/28 for the 2014 model year. Read Article News It’s time to celebrate the all-new 2014 Silverado It’s time to celebrate the all-new 2014 Silverado. The launch of the Silverado anthem is introduced just in time for the 4th of July, and Chevrolet could not be more excited to share it with you. Originally developed as a song, “Strong” is debuting as a music video, digital download and television ad. Strong for all the roads ahead. It’s time to celebrate the all-new 2014 Silverado. Read Article News Chevrolet at the Woodward Dream Cruise! Chevrolet is putting American ingenuity and class-leading design, performance and technology from — the 1960s through 2014 —on display for the world to see and touch. At the 2013 Woodward Dream Cruise, Chevrolet is putting American ingenuity and class-leading design, performance and technology from — the 1960s through 2014 —on display for the world to see and touch. Read Article News Unveiling the 2013 Chevrolet SS The SS is an all-new race car determined to take the lead. Chevrolet has already claimed 701 NASCAR ® wins, and the announcement of the new 2013 NASCAR Chevrolet SS race car gives hope to fans for many more victories to come. The new race car will debut at the 2013 Daytona SpeedWeeks in February and is the newest entry in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series TM . 2013 NASCAR ® Chevrolet SS Revealed. An all-new race car determined to take the lead. Read Article History CHEVROLET 100 YEARS STRONG Chevy Runs Deep, for the first 100 years and into the next. The brand was founded in Detroit, in November 1911, by racer Louis Chevrolet and General Motors founder William C. Billy Durant, who developed cars that quickly earned reputations for performance, durability and value. Those traits remain at the core of Chevrolet, which is the world's fourth-largest automotive brand... Chevy Runs Deep, for the first 100 years and into the next. Read Article  Vehicles Cars Crossovers SUVs Trucks Vans Diesel Vehicles Performance Vehicles Hybrid Vehicles All Vehicles Certified Pre-Owned Commercial Use Fleet Awards  Accolades Shopping Tools Deals  Offers Estimate Payments Locate a Store Build Your Own Search Inventory Request Quote Request Test Drive Competitive Comparison Offers  Finance Deals  Offers Trade-in Appraisal Estimate Credit Score Apply for Credit Chevy Volt Car Tax Credit Estimate Payments Chevy Culture Auto News Motorsports Chevy Life Reviews, Awards  Safety Design  Technology History  About All Ownership Manage My Chevrolet Certified Service Warranty Manuals  Videos Radios - MyLink Track Your Order Merchandise Help Center Click to Chat FAQ Contact Us Download A Catalog Email Updates Site Map GM Sites Visit GM.com Chevrolet Worldwide Follow Chevrolet  Copyright  Trademark Privacy Statement Important Information User Guidelines AdChoices Español *The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Chevrolet vehicles' destination freight charges . **The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail price excludes destination freight charge , tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Destination freight charge is $995 for 2014 Tahoe, 2014 SS, 2014 Corvette Coupe and 2014 Corvette Convertible. 1. The Chevrolet Volt and Chevrolet Sonic received the highest numerical score among compact and sub-compact cars, respectively, in the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2012 Automotive Performance, Execution and Layout Study SM . Study based on responses from 74,759 new-vehicle owners, measuring 233 models and measures opinions after 90 days of ownership. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of owners surveyed in February-May 2012. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com/Chevrolet. 2. Based on WardsAuto total sales data for August and September 2012. Source: WardsAuto.com  SiteCatalyst code version: H.14.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com Close Destination Freight Charges  To allow you to do an accurate price comparison with prices featured on other Internet sites, GM provides Internet pricing both with and without the Destination Freight Charge (see prices including Destination Freight Charge below). To get full pricing details, go to our Build Your Own section. 2014 Vehicles 2013 Vehicles 2012 Vehicles 2014 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SPARK EV MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  ALL-NEW 2014 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 2500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  SILVERADO 3500HD MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2014 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SPARK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CRUZE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 IMPALA MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO ZL1 CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE 427 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EQUINOX MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TRAVERSE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 TAHOE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2013 TAHOE HYBRID MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SUBURBAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 BLACK DIAMOND AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 SILVERADO 1500 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2013 EXPRESS MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 MALIBU MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 COLORADO MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CORVETTE COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE Z06 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE ZR1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE GRAND SPORT CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CORVETTE CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 AVALANCHE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 VOLT MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price  2012 CAMARO COUPE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO CONVERTIBLE MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 CAMARO ZL1 MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC HATCHBACK MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 2012 SONIC SEDAN MSRP* from Plus Destination Freight Charge Total Start Price 