  Best Of The Web Blogs Directory Directory | Submit Blog | ProListing | Sign In       Literature Submit Blog Free 30 Day Advertising Trial - Customize your message and appear alongside search results. Start your Free Trial today! Is this category useful for you? Blog Directory / Arts / Literature 7 Books - 7 Book Reviews Provides book reviews on a variety of subjects, seven books at a time covering a variety of topics.  A Penguin a Week Blogger working her way through her enormous collection of vintage Penguin books.  A Work in Progress Reading journal with updates on various artsy projects.  All The World's Our Page Follow the writing journeys of three Americans and two Australia.   Amardeep Singh Literature blog from an assistant professor of English at Lehigh University.  American Literary Blog Celebrating important dates and anniversaries from 19th century American literature.  An Awfully Big Blog Adventure News, commentary and opinion from a wide ranging group of published authors.  Animist for Spare Change Collection of personal poetry and prose.  Art & Literature Offers a comprehensive blog that spans the universe of art and literature, including music, theatre and the visual arts.    As I Write It - A Creative Journal Gives information and tips on keeping a journal. Includes prompts, ideas, links, and more.  Asian Classics Project Guide to selected works of Asian literature in English translation for the general reader. Each entry offers a summary, some historical and cultural context, and a few thoughts on the book.   Backhand Stories Creative writing blog that publishes new short stories, flash fiction, non-fiction and essays by new and unpublished writers.  Bait -A Novel Blog Discusses the intersection of queers and Christianity and how far to go, to save someone's soul.  Beatrice Author interviews, literature recommendations and musings.  Beatrice.com Examines literary news through the perspective of freelance writer Ron Hogan. Includes extensive list to authors' blogs and other literary web sites.  The Beiderbecke Affair Literature blog with a focus on Korean culture.  Bemsha Swing Literature thoughts with a focus on language.  The Blog of Henry David Thoreau Daily postings featuring the works of Henry David Thoreau.  Blogger Book Fair Holds regular online book fair events to promote new literature. Blue Humanities Blog St. John's professor Steve Mentz covers literature (mostly Shakespeare) and thalassology, and muses just to round everything out.  Book Calendar Personal blog on books, reading, librarianship, and publishing and includes reviews of books, comic books, and other written materials.  BookBlog Book club that meets once a month to discuss a book. Unlike a regular book club, all discussions are all done online.  Books on Huffington Post Offering reviews, features, book news and publishing industry gossip.  Bookslut Blog Thoughts and musings from the Bookslut editors.   Brandywine Books News blog about books and book-related things with occasional diversions about coffee and tea. Periodic book reviews.  BrontëBlog Brontë studies blog covering everything you could ever want to know about this 19th century literary family.  California Poet Blog supplies information and commentary about writing, poetry, and writing programs.  Chekhov's Mistress Long running blog focused on literature.  Conversations with Writers Presents interviews with a wide variety of authors with a view to promoting writers, illustrators, literacy, library usage and small press publishers.  Cup O' Books Thoughts and articles on books, reading, writing, and bookselling.   Dancing with the Beggars in my Mind World-wide streams of consciousness, late night tales and short stories, interspersed with the odd travelogue from the 1990's onwards.  Dog Ear Diary Book lover writes daily reviews. Features books on nature, general fiction, fantasy, and variety of nonfiction subjects.  Eagle-Eyed Editor Humorous blog covering books, authors, writing, editing, proofreading, and social media.   The Elegant Variation Screenwriter Mark Sarvas looks at literary life in Los Angeles.   FenCon News and information about the science fiction and fantasy literary convention.   Fifty Word Fiction Features user submitted writing limited to fifty words or less.  Golden Rule Jones Calendar of literary events with a focus on Chicago.  Haggard & Halloo Publications Online and print publication based in Austin, TX., publishing creative and contemporary writing by known and unknown writers.  HiLowbrow Commentary from where art and popular culture meet, becuase "middlebrow is not the solution".  I (Heart) Presents Authors, editors and readers of the romance novels, Harlequin Presents series, share views on love and romance from the world’s best selling romance books.  If Flannery Had A Blog... Critiques and commentary straight from the author.  Jake Dog's Blog Offers fun and silly children's literature including poems.   Johnny Oops Blog written by Johnny oops, a fiction character in a novel by the same name.  Juked Offers a mixture of short fiction, poetry plus photography.  Kitabkhana Literary journal with news on events and book information.  L.A. Black Book Expo News Official blog of the Los Angeles Black Book Expo and other literary events in the Southern California area.  La Bloga Blog supplies information about Hispanic literature, writers, news and reviews.  Languor Management Literature blog with original poetry and book recommendations.  LDS Fiction Latter Day Saints literature blog includes insights, reviews and suggestions about Mormon literature.  LDS Readers Mormon book blog provides articles, analysis, assessments and recommendations on Latter Day Saints literature.  Letras Latinas Blog from the literary program of the Institute of Latino Studies at Notre Dame.  Lit-Blog Co-op Includes thoughts on literature and book recommendations.  Literary Agenda Books selection, news, opinions and literary reviews.  Literary Jewels Dedicated to the jewels of literature, including novels, poetry, writers and their writings.   Literary Kicks Informed commentary exploring the meaning and relevance of literature and poetry in modern life.  Literary Minded Australian literary blog covering authors, festivals, international events, book reviews, news and commentary.  The Literary Platform Features projects that incorporate literature and technology. Also offers consultancy service, industry news, events and competitions.  Literary Rejections on Display Collections and commentary on real life rejection.  Literaryzone Tips and resources for fiction writers along with free e-books, tutorials, articles, short stories, book reviews, and poems.  The Little Professor Literary blog for the discussion of things Victorian and academic.  Mark Athitakis' American Fiction Notes Blogging about US novelists and short story writers.  Mobylives Commentary and news about writing and books.  My Life ~ Adelle Laudan Author blog of Adelle Laudan. With new releases and reviews.   Newpages Weblog This blog guides you through the Alternative Media scene, including new books, magazines and music, and news and views from the Internet. Read by booksellers, publishers, librarians, writers and avid readers.   No rules. Just write. Inspirational romance author Brenda Coulter discusses writing, life, and the writing life.  Norse Mythology Blog Dr Karl E H Seigfried offers Norse mythology related news, opinion and interviews.  Notes from a Room Literature, prose, poetry, quotes, and philosophy  Omnivoracious Blog run by the books editors at Amazon.com. with news, reviews, and interviews.  orange5000 Offering opinions about entertainment and other issues, poems and short stories.  Page 55 Provides a collection of excerpts from random books. All excerpts are from page 55, the first full paragraph.  The Palace at 2:00 a.m Literary blog from a published author.  Pen on Fire Presents one author's views on the writing life, plus opinions on other literary happenings.  The Penguin Blog Official blog of Penguin Books UK.  The Pequod Discussing literature and literary criticism, as well as the arts, politics and culture. Written by a postgraduate in English Studies, it is also the diary of the strange and tortuous route to a PhD.  Poetic Dream Akili Amina poet/writer journaling her poetry career.   Powell's Books Blog Includes posts by authors, readers, critics, and booksellers.  PublicLiterature.Org A literature blog, includes posts from many NY Times Bestsellers.  Reader's Almanac Offering commentary on American literature from the Library of America.  ReadySteadyBlog Provides thoughts on countless books from the reviewer and editor of ReadySteadyBook.  Recreating Eden An eclection collection of reflectons on writing, cities, nature, politics and life by a Montreal-based writer of fiction and non-fiction, Mary Soderstrom.  Return of the Reluctant Literature blog from Edward Champion.  The Short Story Reading Challenge Blog provides a setting where readers can post their reading lists, recommendations, critiques and reviews of short stories.  skij's 13 A literary blog featuring original poetry, short fiction, and essays from Joshua Walker.   SlushPile.net Blog supplies book reviews, essays, author interviews, editor information and writing tips.  Story Hack Information on writing fiction as well as showcase of original fiction, including the online serial scifi/horror/action/adventure novel "Oasis."  There is No Gap Independent bookseller’s blog. Offers reviews, suggestions and insights about books.  Tingle Alley Commentary on contemporary literature.  Today in Literature Contains information about events in literary history, great writers, and books.   Tolkien Library Blog for Tolkien book lovers and collectors.  Unadulterated Text Random musings on poetry, literature, current events, and more.  VABA News Blog Offers news for members of the Vermont Antiquarian Booksellers Association.   Victorian Literature Focuses on novels, poems and plays from the Victorian era.  Where There's Smoke One author's blog devoted to reading, writing, and traveling.  Word Blog by an independent bookstore, Word. Delivers recommendations, reviews and assessments on books and authors.  Word Riot Online literary magazine celebrating the best writers on the internet.  Writer's Digest Blogs Blogs of the editors at Writer's Digest. Includes a guide to literary agents blog.  Writing Cave Online literary journal from an author.  Wuthering Expectations Focuses on 19th century literature, particularly British literature.  Subcategories Authors Bibliophiles Book Reviews Cover Art Electronic Books Genres Poetry Publishing Shakespeare United Kingdom See Also Blog Directory: Recreation: Collecting: Books: Related Web Directory Categories Arts: Literature: World Literature: American: Business: Shopping and Services: Books: Arts: Literature: Business: Business to Business: Publishing and Printing:  Search For Literature on: Google Technorati Twitter Wordpress Submit a blog to this category About | Help | Archive | Terms | Privacy | Affiliate Program Visit Our BOTW Offerings Web Directory UK Directory Local Directory  1994-2013 Best of the Web All Rights Reserved 