  British Broadcasting Corporation Home Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to bbc.co.uk navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk search Accessibility Help Wales Arts  Wales Arts home People and genres Local arts Photo galleries Your Video Blog Wales Arts Books and literature Books and literature Childrens arts Comedy Fashion Film Musical theatre Stage and screen Visual arts Full site A-Z index /\/(\/|\.s?html?$)Books and literatureChildrens artsComedyFashionFilmMusical theatreStage and screenVisual artsFull site A-Z index Books and literature Last updated: 07 June 2010 Browse profiles, articles and clips from the world of Welsh literature.  RS Thomas Roald Dahl Gillian Clarke Dylan Thomas Gwyneth Lewis Fflur Dafydd Bertrand Russell Wales Book of the Year award Rachel Trezise Dannie Abse Owen Sheers Jan Morris Catrin Dafydd Niall Griffiths Sarah Waters James Hawes Menna Elfyn Tom Bullough Jasper Fforde Catherine Fisher Bookmark this page: delicious Digg Reddit Stumbleupon facebook What are these? Early Welsh literature Through the ages How much do you know about the long and impressive history of literature in Wales? Introduction to early Welsh literature Early Welsh poets Arthur in Welsh literature BBC Arts Writersroom Browse writing tips, tricks and techniques and get an insight from established authors. BBC Radio 4 Open Book The best new books, interviews and lost masterpieces. TV  Radio Programmes Coming Up Available on iPlayer 27 Aug 2013 19:00 19:30 BBC One The One Show 27/08/2013 Comedian Joe Pasquale joins Matt and Alex to talk about his new role as Sherlock Holmes. 27 Aug 2013 19:15 19:45 BBC Radio 4 Front Row One Direction film; John Byrne; director Nic Roeg; the comedy straight man One Direction film, John Byrnes new mural in Edinburgh, and film director Nic Roeg. 27 Aug 2013 20:00 21:00 BBC Four Archaeology: A Secret History The Power of the Past 3/3 . How attention turned from civilisation and kings to the search for the common man. (R) 27 Aug 2013 21:00 22:00 BBC Four Ancient Greece: The Greatest Show on Earth Democrats 1/3 . A look at how drama in Athens was deeply connected to Athenian democracy.  BOOKtalk Chris Skidmore 1 month left to watch Mark DArcy in discussion with author Chris Skidmore. Briefings Lecture - Obamas Elections 2 months left to watch Larry Sabato from the University of Virginia delivers the 2013 David Butler Lecture. BOOKtalk David Goodhart 10 days left to watch Mark DArcy in discussion with David Goodhart about his new book The British Dream. Flamenco: Gypsy Soul 8 days left to watch Elizabeth Kinder embarks on a journey through Andalusia to find the soul of flamenco. Current arts, culture and the media programmes  Search term:  bbc.co.uk navigation News Sport Weather Capital TV Radio More CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food History Learning Music Science Nature Local Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Full A-Z of BBC sites  BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC  Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help  Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC  Parental Guidance BBC  2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  SiteCatalyst code version: H.21. Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights Reserved More info available at http://www.omniture.com   