  , 2013     All events are free and open to the public. Readings and Artist talks will be held in the Stanley Kunitz Common Room , and all exhibitions will be in the Hudson D. Walker Gallery unless otherwise noted. Both venues are located at 24 Pearl Street in Provincetown.The Stanley Kunitz Common Room and the Hudson D. Walker Gallery are handicapped accessible. If you need assistance, please call the Fine Arts Work Center at 508-487-9960 ext. 101 in advance. Gallery Hours: Monday through Friday from 5-7pm. Please enter through main office during office hours. EXHIBITION: OHIO ARTS COUNSIL ARTIST IN RESIDENCE SUSAN DANKO OPENING RECEPTION: FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 7-9PM EXHIBITION DATES: AUGUST 19-30 SUSAN DANKO 's nature-based paintings are inspired and developed through a process of observation, memory, and imagined environmental scenarios. Each painting evolves intuitively, and is created through a process of layered washes, hand-cut stencils, and delicate line work. The resulting paintings evoke natural places of beauty and mystery. Susan Danko is a life-long Cleveland, Ohio resident who has been creating andexhibiting her artwork since receiving a BFA in painting from the Cleveland Institute of Art in 1998. As a student she received honors including the Joseph McCullough painting award, and the Ellen Battell Stoeckel painting fellowship from Yale University. Susan is a 2013 Ohio Arts Council Individual Excellence Award recipient and was subsequently awarded the Fine Arts Work Center residency in Provincetown, Massachusetts for the summer of 2013. Danko has shown her work in solo, group and invitational exhibitions at a variety ofvenues including the Cleveland Botanical Gardens, the Butler Museum of American Art, The Rockford Art Museum, and SPACES gallery in Cleveland. Her exhibitions have been reviewed in sources including the Cleveland Plain Dealer , and the Akron Beacon Journal . Her artwork has also been published in Angle magazine; 2006, and Studio Visit magazine in 2012. Susan's paintings have been included in prominent public and private art collectionsincluding the Cleveland Clinic, the Ohio Arts Council, Cleveland State University, and Nordson Corporation. She exhibits her work with Harris-Stanton Gallery in Akron, Bonfoey Gallery in Cleveland, T Clifton Gallery in Memphis, and is an artist-member at Red Dot Project in Cleveland. Examples of Susan’s artwork may also be viewed on her website: www.dankoart.com. Fellowship | Summer Program | Events | MFA Program | 24PearlStreet | About | News | Support | Contact | Home  Copyright 2013 Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown  24 Pearl Street  Provincetown, MA 02657  508-487-9960  general@fawc.org 