 HOME c8a663 DIY TECH 89689e Body Brakes Electrical Engine Exhausts Maintenance Tools Track Day Wheels COUPONS 8c9e68 VIDEOS 78a8d5 HOME-COOKED 77bed2 DAILY SHIFT ffbf25 Search  Navigation Home Daily Shift DIY Tech Projects Videos Star Cars Contact Home-Cooked Drive It Like You Stole It Screwdriver Key Hack Um, hi officer. This is my car for real. Wait, is that a taser? If youre looking to boost your Grand Theft Auto cred but Body Epoxy vs. Self-Etching Primer for Painting Bare Metal Visit any automotive forum and you cant help but stumble upon a long running debate on which direct to metal product is better, etch primer Home-Cooked Geek Out! Swap your Gear Shifter with a Gaming Joystick If you consider your car your significant other, then chances are, video gaming is your mistress. These two fight relentlessly for your attention so why Body Repair Cracks and Tears on your Plastic Bumper Cover for Less Than your Deductible Although they cant compare to the beauty and shine of the chrome bumpers that adorned cars up until the late 80s, plastic bumper covers are Home-Cooked Jeep Wrangler Gets Pressurized Water Right Out of the Bumper After a day of off-roading, mudding or camping wouldnt it be nice to hose off your vehicle, gear or wash your hands before heading home? Brakes Get Sexy Peek-a-Boo Calipers with a Paint Pedicure Nothing ruins the look of a sharp new set of wheels like dirty, corroded calipers lurking from behind the spokes. While in the past calipers Home-Cooked Small Bits Ceiling Storage System Being a gearhead, I tend to accumulate a variety of small items wherever I go that may one day come in handy. Some day. Like Maintenance Avoid Registration Sticker Theft with a Few Slices License plate registration stickers arent cheap, especially in some states, which makes them a hot commodity to certain opportunistic individuals whod rather steal them instead Home-Cooked Drive It Like You Stole It Screwdriver Key Hack August 5th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva Um, hi officer. This is my car for real. Wait, is that a taser? If youre looking to boost your Body Epoxy vs. Self-Etching Primer for Painting Bare Metal August 1st, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva Visit any automotive forum and you cant help but stumble upon a long running debate on which direct to metal Home-Cooked Geek Out! Swap your Gear Shifter with a Gaming Joystick July 22nd, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva If you consider your car your significant other, then chances are, video gaming is your mistress. These two fight relentlessly Body Repair Cracks and Tears on your Plastic Bumper Cover for Less Than your Deductible July 18th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva Although they cant compare to the beauty and shine of the chrome bumpers that adorned cars up until the late Home-Cooked Jeep Wrangler Gets Pressurized Water Right Out of the Bumper July 8th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva After a day of off-roading, mudding or camping wouldnt it be nice to hose off your vehicle, gear or wash Brakes Get Sexy Peek-a-Boo Calipers with a Paint Pedicure July 4th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva Nothing ruins the look of a sharp new set of wheels like dirty, corroded calipers lurking from behind the spokes. Home-Cooked Small Bits Ceiling Storage System June 24th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva Being a gearhead, I tend to accumulate a variety of small items wherever I go that may one day come Maintenance Avoid Registration Sticker Theft with a Few Slices June 20th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva License plate registration stickers arent cheap, especially in some states, which makes them a hot commodity to certain opportunistic individuals Events 2013 Performance Years  Pypes Exhaust Open House June 16th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva Whats better than one car show? Three huge car shows all in one place! This weekend local aftermarket retailers, Performance Home-Cooked Protect Your Car Door From Hitting the Garage Wall with a Pool Noodle June 10th, 2013 | by Gearhead Diva In a typical one-car garage, theres usually not enough room to open your car door all the way to get 1 2 3   Back to Top  15,055 Fans 331 Followers 1,386 Subscribers POPULAR How to Repair Surface Rust on Your Car 5949 view(s) How to Repair Automotive Electrical Wiring 1896 view(s) How to Change a Grease Cartridge With the Least Mess 1590 view(s) Demystifying the Multimeter: A Beginners Guide 1564 view(s) How to Wire Your Electric Fan Controller 1552 view(s) NEW ORIGINAL SERIES  Welcome. If you feel that 400 hp is nothing to brag about, then you're in the right place. Clearly you're ready to modify further and slay more tires than the rest. We are enthusiasts with a desire to talk about what matters to us and to help you achieve your goals in building the ultimate ride. ABOUT US The Diva Become a Sponsor Projects Submissions Contact READER SUBMISSIONS Wed love to know what youre up to. Send us your stories, rides and mods. If we like what we see well feature it on the site and give you all the credit. Tons of people will see it! ID LIKE TO SHARE →  2012 Gearhead Diva. All rights reserved. The Diva Sponsors Submissions Contact Privacy Policy Back to Top   [if lt IE 7 ]>window.attachEvent("onload",function(){CFInstall.check({mode:"overlay"})})