 Arts and Entertainment Articles Home About us Privacy Policy Antiques Art Arts  Entertainment General Dance Humor Literature Movies Music Television Theater Visual Art Home  Arts  Entertainment General  Celebrity News And Gossip Take The Floor Celebrity News And Gossip Take The Floor Jan 27, 2013 The Celebrity gossips are emerging as favorably important news forms, which are no more referred as an insider to be put in as a mere footnote in the innermost pages of the paper. The sole term, “Page 3” has come into being in order to showcase the latest celebrity news and gossip . The more these kinds of news will appear in a magazine or a newspaper, more it will get coverage and gain popularity. The readers, who subscribe these tabloids, are more or less interested in exploring the pages. Now Internet has helped the latest celebrity news spread like wild fire. The gossips revolving round the lives of the celebrities turn out to be great scoops. Whatever you might call them, be a Paparazzi scoop or yellow journalism but they are the updates, to grab the hint of which, people are always on their toe. Internet has provided accessibility the scoops to places round the world. . At one time, the celebrity news and gossip were mostly based on a source bearing dubious nature. Now the different media has indeed turned out to be serious enough to offer the news in a way, which is credible to the extent best possible. Thus the meaning constituted by the word ‘gossip’ has been morphed to a greater scale bearing the form of news. They are no more cheap display of the hardcore spicy tit bits but are real time scoops closer to life. They are not just the rumors bubbling up the back alley, actually the practice has completely been discarded and now the reporters take serious initiative to present the true fact lying inside it to the public. There lies the transformation of a gossip to news. . . The celebrity news and gossip have a sensuous approach and in order to attribute them with the bit of sensuality, the need for fabrication and distortion come up. The readers get inclined to the piece of gossips, which seem to be very entertaining to them. There lies the mastery of the yellow journalists. They bridge the two worlds, which are poles apart with sets of information and thus entertainment is assured. It is true that almost all reporters just love to take up the Page 3, leaving apart the serious domains of sports or crime. Although, at one time the activities of the paparazzi in revealing a scoop out of a celebrities life used to create sheer nuisance of the celeb but now the scenario has changed to a great extent and is no more that troublesome. . . The trappings of journalism are been greatly involved in generating the celebrity news and gossip scoops and thus an edge has been attributed to the piece of news. Many of the celebrities are actively present in the social media networks and this immensely helps in generation of first hand information on them. Twitter is one of the most talked about social media platforms, where the celebrities reveal the different aspects of their lifestyle and hence common people get the access to the facts, people are very interested to know. Written By: sudhir singh sudhir is a journalist, who covers the world internet related topics .he writes columns and articles for various websites and internet journals. In the domain of latest celebrity news and gossip and latest celebrity news Related Posts Dancing on Ice couple already spilling beans to celebrity news magazines Posted on Feb 26, 2013 Dancing on Ice couple already spilling beans to celebrity news magazines Posted on Feb 26, 2013 Celebrity gossip: X Factor loser Katie Waissel ‘hasnt heard from Cheryl Cole in ages Posted on Feb 26, 2013 Celebrity gossip: X Factor loser Katie Waissel ‘hasnt heard from Cheryl Cole in ages Posted on Feb 26, 2013 Tags celebrity news and gossip latest celebrity news latest celebrity news and gossip Share This  Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong  Search this site Categories Antiques Art Arts  Entertainment General Dance Humor Literature Movies Music Television Theater Visual Art  Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress 