MamaPop™ - Celebrity Gossip and Entertainment News From Hollywood For Parents Were here for your children You are here: Home / Archives for Art Kris Jenner: Kims An Inspiration To Other Moms. Other Moms: Really? 08/26/2013 11:00 am by Katia Bishops You know how youre 36 and your mom still keeps your preschool arts and crafts and thinks its just a matter of time before somebody pulls their head out of their ass and discovers you? Well, guess what, celebrities are just like us, Picasso! Kris Jenner recently gushed to E-News about daughter, Kim Kardashian (get this), [] Filed Under: Art , Celebrities , Celebrities Are Just Like Us , Celebrity Babies , Kim Kardashian , Miscellaneous , Popular James Franco Has New Show About Art. Expect Big Words, Deep Thoughts, And Red Eyes. 08/22/2013 1:00 pm by Jeni Marinucci Summer 2013 has sucked balls so far, and there are only a few weeks left until it holds a garage sale and moves to a gated community in Arizona. But thats cool; Im looking forward to fall anyway. Because with fall comes a return to routine, a multitude of beef dishes served with heavy gravy, [] Filed Under: Art , James Franco , Television , TV , Video Tagged With: James Franco , James Franco Presents , Ovation TV Justin Bieber Wants A Beautiful Wife. Justin Bieber Is Not A Deep River. 08/22/2013 10:00 am by Jeni Marinucci Oh that Beebs. Hes just crazy fun you guys! Justin Bieber is so busy hanging out with rock stars and peeing in kitchens and abandoning pet monkeys in European countries that he almost forgot the important stuff in life, like obtaining a beautiful wife. Im sure it was just an oversight on his part. You [] Filed Under: Art , Boys!! Squee! , Celebrity Musicians , Family and Parenting , Justin Bieber Tagged With: Interviews , Justin Bieber , Marriage and Family Ladies, Puh-LEEZE! Leanne Rimes And Brandi Glanville Have Got To Get It Together 08/14/2013 12:00 pm by Jeni Marinucci Ill be honest: a lot of the time when I speak Im talking out of my ass. What do I know, really? Live and let live, right? But people judge (including me), and dont say you dont (because you so do) and to judge is natural and normal and human and innate and what matters [] Filed Under: Art , Books , Celebrity Couples , Celebrity Divorces , Celebrity Feuds , Family and Parenting , Fashion , Ladies, PLEASE , Parenthood , Real Housewives , Teh Sads , Television , This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things Tagged With: Brandi Glanville , Eddie Cibrian , LeAnn Rimes Pixar Is Apparently Interested In Making Good Movies Again 08/12/2013 1:00 pm by Jason Avant Its time to face some hard truths regarding Pixar, the studio that used to be the standard bearer for truly great computer animation. Brass tacks: unless youre on the Disney Blogging payroll, you thought the following: Planes sucked. Monsters University was a derivative and uninspired prequel/cash grab. Cars 2 was a noisy and uninspired sequel/cash grab. Brave [] Filed Under: Animation , Art , Casting News , Comedy , Miscellaneous , Movies , Neil Patrick Harris , Sports Tagged With: Disney , disney movies , disney pixar , Pixar , Pixar movies 1 2 3  75 Next Page The independent voice for parents on pop culture, entertainment, gossip, fashion and web culture Follow Us Most Recent Miley Cyrus Is Many Things, But Whore Isnt One Of Them (And So What If It Was?) The Arrested Development Movie Is Happening: Stop Me If Youve Heard This One Before Kate Gosselin Files Suit Against Ex Jon For Computer Hacking And Wire Tapping Attention, Anti-Tech TV Luddites: Kevin Spacey Would Like A Word With You Prostitution Sex Boxes Give New Meaning to D*ck In a Box Most Popular Kris Jenner: Kims An Inspiration To Other Moms. Other Moms: Really? MTV Video Music Awards 2013: This Is Not My MTV Kanye West Talks Love And Joy On Kris Jenners Talk Show Not Really Breaking News: Media Sexist Even When Reporting Death Melanie Griffith Says Hollywood Is Superficial; In Other News, Earth Is Round Kelly Clarkson Set To Become A Stepmom. I Have Some Advice. Theres A New One Direction Documentary But Hold Your Tongue, 30-Somethings Lindsay Lohans Interview With Oprah Serves As Reminder To Be A Good Parent Four Things You Never Thought of Doing While Breastfeeding It Was Good While It Lasted: Say Goodbye To Summer With The Best Back To School Movies More Most Popular » about subscribe A member of the Babble Blog Network Top of Page Copyright  2013 MamaPop LLC