 Auto Insurance Quotes Home   Blog   Contact Us 7 Scams To Watch Out For When Buying a Car on Craigslist by AutoInsuranceQuotes.org Staff Writer on June 20, 2012 If youre looking to purchase your next vehicle online, watch out for scammers. Craigslist.org is an extremely useful site, but the platform sometimes sees the seedy underbelly of the Internet rear its ugly head. And you could be out some serious money. Many people have been taken advantage of due to e-commerce, and we want you to buy a car online safely. Trust your intuition, do your homework, and watch out for these seven common scams. The eBay Transaction Services Scam EBay Transaction Services does not exist. The ads on Craigslist look legitimate, and are usually fairly priced older vehicles. The seller often tells the person theyre about to scam that theyd like to insure the cars purchase through this fictional service. Word to the wise? Dont wire anyone money if you havent seen the product. The Classic Car Scam One of the most common ways to scam people is through the promise of a classic car. If you respond to an ad for one of these beauties, watch out for an email from the seller explaining an overseas move. The seller (read: scammer) will insist on an escrow service, and youll be out the purchase money with no car to show for it. Refuse to close any transactions before putting your eye on the vehicle. The $3,600 Honda Scam This scam was busted wide open , and is similar to the eBay Transaction Services Scam. The seller wanted the buyer to purchase a car off of Craigslist through the eBay Vehicle Purchase Program. Although the name sounds legitimate, the seller attempted to pressure the buyer (a known scam-buster) into a quick purchase. If someone is inciting you to immediate action and continually asks for your payment details and personal information, theres probably something amiss. The Non-Existent Car Scam One scam-buster found an advertisement with vague pictures of a non-existent Honda Accord. The list price was fair, but there were some suspicious looking elements to the ad. Dont get scammed because you dont do your research; if an ad looks sketchy, it probably is. The Lemon Scam Even if you buy a car from a legitimate seller, make sure that you run a vehicle history report. One man bought a Ford Ranger for $4,500, and thought he had received a great deal. On the drive home from the purchase, a service light came on. Just miles later, the buyers new car completely broke down. He received no help from the seller (All sales are final), and had to spend thousands on repairs. The Fake Check Scam Sometimes the buyers bite back, and come up with scams of their own. In a common Craiglist scam, buyers will send a legitimate-looking check or money order for an amount higher than the selling price. Once they realize their mistake, theyll ask to be sent or wired the extra money. During this time, they will also arrange to have the car picked up, but theyll never do it in person. Your car and your money can be gone in a flash. Sellers! Watch out for these bogus buyers. The No-Test-Drive Scam If youre buying a car on Craigslist, make sure that you can put your eyes on it before you hand over your dough. And better than that, make sure to take your future car for a test drive. Many people have been scammed by buying bogus cars with faulty titles and vehicle histories, and you dont want to be among the bunch. Better safe than sorry, as you dont want to end up a cautionary tale. Cancel reply Leave a Comment Name * E-mail * Website Previous post: 8 Numbers to Know When Buying a Car Next post: 8 Ways Car Dealerships Make a Profit One Form. Five Instant Quotes. Infinite Savings. Already insured? Yes No Home   Blog   Contact Us  AutoInsuranceQuotes.org [if lte IE 8]>