 Home About Us Service BMW Mercedes-Benz Audi Bentley Land Rover Porsche Tires Body Shop Gallery Audi BMW Mercedes Benz Bentley Land Rover Porsche Custom Schedule Appt. Contact Us EXCLUSIVE EUROPEAN SERVICE CENTER (310) 839-1100 BMW BMW BMW Service Maintenance Schedule Schedule Service Service Coupons Whether you drive a BMW 3-Series, 5-Series, 6-Series, 7-Series or any other model BMW, our technicians provide trustworthy and reliable service and repairs. Complete Automotive Systems’ trained technicians are experts in all BMW and MINI related maintenance and repairs. We specialize in monitoring BMW’s intelligent maintenance  Read more  Mercedes Benz Mercedes Benz Mercedes Benz Service Maintenance Schedule Schedule Service Service Coupons Mercedes vehicles are synonymous with luxury, class, quality, and performance. Complete Automotive Services works to provide Mercedes service, maintenance, and repair that lives up to the luxury vehicles’ name. Our Mercedes-Benz factory trained and certified technicians are experts in Service A, Service B and all  Read more  Porsche Porsche Porsche Service Maintenance Schedule Schedule Service Service Coupons As a Porsche owner, you already know that Porsche technicians are trained at dedicated Porsche technical centers where they develop unrivaled expertise in all aspects of maintaining and servicing Porsche vehicles. At Complete Automotive Systems, our certified Porsche technicians are the finest in the industry and possess  Read more  Audi Audi Audi Service Maintenance Schedule Schedule Service Service Coupons When you own a top of the line machine like an Audi, service is a number one priority. At Complete Automotive Systems we are committed to maintaining top-tier customer service for the complete Audi lineup—A3, A4, A5, A6, A8, TT, Q5, Q7 and S models. Our  Read more  Land Rover Land Rover Land Rover Service Maintenance Schedule Schedule Service Service Coupons At Complete Automotive Systems, we are committed to providing the highest quality service and repair for your Land Rover. As an official Land Rover Approved Service Center we are qualified to fix and maintain a variety of Land Rover models including older models like the  Read more  Bentley Bentley Bentley Service Maintenance Schedule Schedule Service Service Coupons As one of the most luxurious driving machines available on the market, Bentleys require quality service provided by trained professionals. Technicians at Complete Automotive Systems are rigorously trained and equipped with factory-certified tools to keep your vehicle running like new. We are experts in both new  Read more   Home Complete Automotive Systems specializes in European vehicle service, maintenance, repair, tires, body work performance upgrades and more. For over 15 years, we have been West Los Angeles premiere one-stop shop for all auto services. We are a Bosch, ASE, AAA and Better Business Bureau certified repair facility and use all factory certified equipment for each specific make and model.  Our dealership-certified technicians are trained, and ready to maintain your vehicle to warranty standard conditions with labor rates at 45% less than dealerships. We are located at: 9030 National Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90034     (310) 839-1100 If you need assistance coordinating the pick up or delivery of your vehicle Complete Automotive Systems offers a free pick and drop off service to help get you Read More If you’re experiencing vehicle problems and need help, Complete Automotive Systems will come pick up your vehicle and tow you back to our facilities Read More  Ghost Motorsports, one of Southern Californias premiere repair facilities. From minor collisions to show vehicles GMS specializes in exhaust units, lowering kits, tinting  smoking Home About Us Body Shop Contact Us Gallery Schedule Appt. Service Specials Tires © 2012 Complete Automotive System Design & Developed by : Promotion Exchange Inc  