 home about Appointments services contact 909-946-7687 View Mobile Site Joels Automotive will continue to provide the highest level of automotive care to the local community. We will actively pursue advanced training, along with the latest equipment to meet the ever-changing technology of todays automotive environment. Integrity, service, pride and craftsmanship are the basicbeliefs of our employees. Locate us click +1 if you like our service Click on any image for more details Mon - Fri: 7:30am - 5pm Sat: 8am - 2pm We Offer a 2 year 24,000 mile Warranty Nationwide   Here at Joels Automotive Repair in Upland and Rancho Cucamonga , we are fortunate to specialize in Auto Repair . As the premier auto repair shop in the area, our highly-trained automotive mechanics take pride in their Engine Repair efforts. Each and every one of our reliable specialists undergoes extensive automotive repair training, including advanced Transmission Repair certification. We are proud to offer smog checks and alignments using state-of-the-art factory scan tools. The owners and maintenance experts at Joels Automotive Repair have been honored to serve Upland and Rancho Cucamonga for the past 30 years. While focusing on Brake Repair may be our concentration, our time-honored reputation was not built on mastery of Brake Repair alone. The automotive experts at Joels Automotive Repair have built our renown in Upland and Rancho Cucamonga and beyond. So whether your specific vehicle maintenance needs require emissions attention or not, the guys at Joels Automotive Repair will be glad to provide trustworthy and reputable service. Did your check engine light come on? We are proud to provide reliable vehicle care to those living in Upland and Rancho Cucamonga, or just driving through! More   Testimonials Hover to pause Click for all reviews Margot D. from Mira Loma, CA , whose Chevrolet was in for an auto repair service, on 8/20/2013 : " I would tell them Joels is honest, forthright and exceptionally reliable. I was facing what I thought was a HUGE repair and Joels did tests and saved me over 4500.00...Iam very thankful! " L. M. from Upland, CA , whose Toyota was in for a smog check, on 5/31/2013 : " Excellent service ...fair price....and friendly service... " James C. from Pomona, CA , whose Nissan was in for an auto repair, on 4/2/2013 : " Joels is a safe place I take your car. The quotes are honest and Joel stands behind his work. Ive been a 12+ year customer and would not trust my service repair anyplace else. " Robert H. from Upland, CA , whose Audi was in for an auto repair, on 3/28/2013 : " Excellent service. Steven was very helpful and an all around good guy. " Christopher T. from Upland, CA , whose Acura was in for an auto repair, on 3/27/2013 : " I love that I can always get my car fixed same day. I drop it off sometime in the morning while at work, and by the end of the day its ready. A very nice shop! " Cindi C. on 3/14/2013 : " Great service, low prices "  Did you know  We service and repair the following makes: Acura Repair Alfa Romeo Repair AMG Repair Aston Martin Repair Audi Repair Bentley Repair Bitter Repair BMW Repair Buick Repair Cadillac Repair Chevrolet Repair Chrysler Repair Cummins Repair Daewoo Repair Dodge Repair Ducati Repair Duramax Repair Ferrari Repair Ford Repair Freightliner Repair Geo Repair GM Repair GMC Repair Honda Repair Hummer Repair Hyundai Repair Infiniti Repair International Repair Isuzu Repair Jaguar Repair Jeep Repair Kia Repair Lamborghini Repair Land Rover Repair Lexus Repair Lincoln Repair Lotus Repair Mack Repair Maserati Repair Mazda Repair Mercedes-Benz Repair Mercury Repair Mini Cooper Repair Mitsubishi Repair Nissan Repair Oldsmobile Repair Opel Repair Plymouth Repair Pontiac Repair Porsche Repair Prius Repair Range Rover Repair Rolls Royce Repair Rover Repair Saab Repair Saturn Repair Scion Repair Smart Repair Sprinter Repair Sterling Repair Subaru Repair Suzuki Repair Tesla Repair Toyota Repair Volkswagen Repair Volvo Repair Yamaha Repair We also specialize in Asian Auto Repair Domestic Auto Repair Smog Check European Auto Repair  Joels Automotive Repair , 1953 West 11th Street , Upland , CA 91786 Phone: 909-946-7687 ,  URL: Joels Automotive Repair Joels Automotive Repairs Customer Satisfaction Score of 99.99 % is based on 27 votes and 20 reviews over 6 months Certified AutoVitals Reviews 