 The automotive culture Recreational / Automotive / Passion News daily footage hoonatic of the day launch control our facebook page Infinity Tuning Hennessey Venom GT. Technically The Fastest Production Car You CanBuy The 1,244 horsepower Hennessey Venom GT is fast. It  a ccelerates like a mofo and has its eye on being the fastest car in the world. Well, the Venom GT has made its top speed run, and it is basically the fastest car money can buy anywhere in the world. But there is a catch: You see the  Venom GTs top speed clocks at  265.7 mph while The Bugatti Veyron Super Sport hits at 267.8 MPH. That means  the Super sport is  roughly 2.1 mph  faster than the Venom GT. However  according to John Hennessey, that doesnt matter.While a Veyron Super Sport did run 267.8 mph, Bugatti speed-limits its production vehicles to 258 mph. Thus, at 265.7 mph the Venom GT is the fastest production car available to the public. The Veyron is limited to 258 MPH in order to keep its tires from exploding. So if youre in an insane, top speed drag race with a Veyron SS, know that you will end up winning the race because your car can go nearly 266 MPH. So there you  have it ..Technically the fastest car in the world Heres a footage of the epic achievement About these ads Rate this: Share this: Like this: Like Loading... This entry was posted by freemannnko. One thought on  Hennessey Venom GT. Technically The Fastest Production Car You CanBuy  car games,car game, mecedes,porsche, top speed, topspeed, lamborghini,ferrari, top speed games, motorcycle games, bugatti on April 27, 2013 at 10:30 pm said: Wow, incredible weblog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging glance easy. The entire look of your web site is fantastic, let alone the content! Reply  what's your take on this post ? Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:  Email (Address never made public) Name Website  You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( LogOut / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( LogOut / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( LogOut / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of follow-up comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.  April 2, 2013 daily footage 1 comment  Older Post Newer Post  stay upto date via twitter @ Going to the #blue jays game today... With my #new floormates #psyched … instagram.com/p/dh9s1ToAsy/ 1hourago fb.me/2yqj7VCAZ 6hoursago Chinese redbull mountain pass drifting fb.me/2SQJFqW3K 8hoursago Subaru BRZ tS Makes Video DebutThe GT Package will come with black 18-inch BBS wheels, adjustable dry carbon... fb.me/12dlZq22w 8hoursago The GT3 is quite a car. Revs to 9,000rpm, steers with the rear wheels as well and is calibrated to perfection.... fb.me/6iC8ORvzI 9hoursago Follow @freemannnko Automotive culture on Facebook Blog at WordPress.com . The Nishita Theme .  Follow Follow The automotive culture Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 769 other followers Powered by WordPress.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this: 