PBS Choose Your Local Station See Stations HOME Topics Arts  Entertainment Culture  Society Health History Home  How-To News  Public Affairs Parents Science  Nature Technology Food Video TV Schedule Programs Donate  Shop  Shop PBS Home Downton Abbey Clearance Ken Burns Shop Shop By Series Recently Broadcast Arts  Drama History Science  Nature PBS KIDS Shop Kids PBS KIDS Educational games, videos and activities for kids. PBS KIDS GO! Games and shows for bigger kids. PBS KIDS PLAY! School readiness program for kids - develops 30+ skills! Parents Teachers Tonight on: Choose a station to view tonights schedule Home   Arts & Entertainment Arts  Entertainment Biography  Profiles Music Performing Arts Drama Fine Arts Folk Art  Crafts Literature  Writing Film  Television View All Video Local A Second Chance to See My First Rock Idol Next Avenue  After missing the 'opportunity of a lifetime' to see Janis Joplin in concert, a superfan finally gets redemption.  Continue Craig Ferguson Says We 'Deify' Youth. He's Right. Next Avenue  The late-night host makes an uncomfortable point about our glorification of young over old.  Continue 5 Broken Cameras: Filmmaker Interview POV  Filmmakers Emad Burnat and Guy Davidi talk about their Oscar-nominated film about a village in the West Bank. Continue Silk, Part 2 Preview Masterpiece  See a preview of Silk, Part 2, starring Maxine Peake and Rupert Penry-Jones, airing Sunday, Sept. 1, 2013, on PBS's MASTERPIECE Mystery. Continue How a Fan Video Led to a Real Life Rock 'n' Roll Fairy Tale Independent Lens  Arnel Pineda tells the story of how a fan's video shot in the Phillipines led to his being invited to join the band Journey, , in this excerpt from the Independent Lens documentary, Don't Stop Believin'. Continue Preview Side by Side  With Keanu Reeves, investigate the history, process and workflow of digital and photochemical films. 8/30/2013 Continue Stan Lee - 'Science' in the Comic Book World Superheroes: A Never-Ending Battle  A web-only bonus clip from Superheroes: A Never-Ending Battle, airing in October on PBS. Check local listings for more information. Continue Losing a Father and a King Great Performances  Prince Hal (Tom Hiddleston) mourns the death of his father, King Henry IV (Jeremy Irons), and is forced to confront the weight of his new responsibility. Henry IV Part 2, the third installment of "The Hollow Crown," premieres Friday, September 27 at 9 p.m. on PBS (check local listings). [COVE pid="" allowembed="on" playersize="512x288" chapterbar="on" episodemediaid="2365049203"]  Continue Billings, MT (Hour Three) - Preview Antiques Roadshow  A beautifully preserved 1843 artillery sword and belt; a circa 1925 sequined flapper dress and gold lamé coat; and a circa 1925 heirloom collection of ruby, diamond and jade rings. 8/26/2013 Continue Behind the Beat: Portobelo Beat Making Lab  Apple Juice Kid samples comparsa band Barrio Fino, records hip hop/jazz quartet The Beast and flirts with renowned vocalist Yomira John in this episode, which reveals the production behind the song "Portobelo." Continue John Oliver Discusses The Daily Show Charlie Rose: The Week  In a conversation with Charlie Rose, comedian John Oliver talks about filling in for John Stewart. Continue Get Ready for a New Season of Independent Lens Independent Lens  Independent Lens launches its 12th season on PBS with a lineup of 23 remarkable documentaries from both new and established filmmakers. The season opener on Monday, September 30 is Don’t Stop Believin’: Everyman’s Journey, a real life rock and roll fairy tale about Filipino singer Arnel Pineda, who was plucked from YouTube to become the frontman for the iconic American rock band Journey. Continue Silk, Part 3 Preview Masterpiece  See a preview of Silk, Part 3, starring Maxine Peake and Rupert Penry-Jones, airing Sunday, Sept. 8, 2013, on PBS's MASTERPIECE Mystery. Continue Journey's Arnel Pineda Recalls His Debut Performance Independent Lens  Journey frontman, Arnel Pineda describes what his debut performance with the band was like. , in this excerpt from the Independent Lens documentary, Don't Stop Believin'. Continue Journey's Neal Schon on Finding a Frontman on YouTube Independent Lens  Journey band member Neal Schon describes how he discovered their newest member, Arnel Pineda, on YouTube, in this excerpt from the Independent Lens documentary, Don't Stop Believin'. Continue PBS Arts Fall Festival Preview PBS  The PBS Arts Fall Festival returns in October with seven weekly programs that highlight Broadway classics, music from around the country, and legendary superstar Barbra Streisand. Hosted by award-winning television, film and stage star Anna Deavere Smith, the festival highlights PBS' ongoing commitment to giving audiences a front row seat and a backstage pass to the best of the arts. Continue Health Worker Beat Beat Making Lab  Ina, a Senegalese beat making student, takes a field trip to an Intrahealth hospital to make a beat. She records baby squeals and blood pressure gauges; and interviews health workers and community leaders about family planning. These recordings were then delivered to a group of Fijian beat making students, who composed an instrumental entirely comprised of the found sounds. Continue Beat Making Challenge #2: Kora Riddim Beat Making Lab  An all women's group of African beat makers recorded a kora player and created a dancehall-inspired riddim out of the sample. Now its your turn. Continue Female Hip Hop Crew Makes Beats in Senegal Beat Making Lab  "The people need a female rapper," says Toussa, the president of GOTAL; an all-women's collective of Senegalese rappers, producers, singers and beat makers who paired with a woman-led NGO called Speak Up Africa to write songs about global health issues in their communities. Continue Foyle's War Preview Masterpiece  Michael Kitchen and Honeysuckle Weeks return in three all-new episodes of Foyle's War, premiering Sunday, September 15, 2013, 9pm ET on PBS's MASTERPIECE. Continue more Providing Support for pbs.org Learn More Sign Up for the PBS Previews Newsletter Get the latest information about upcoming PBS programs delivered to your inbox every week. Donate Show Your Support for PBS. Make an online donation and open a world of new ideas. Donate Now. Editors Picks Previous Steve Jobs: One Last Thing Sherlock’s Martin Freeman  Benedict Cumberbatch; Comic-Con Eat, Fast and Live Longer with Michael Mosley POV: Neurotypical Nature: Outback Pelicans Austin City Limits: Rosanne Cash / Brandi Carlile After Newtown: Guns in America William Kentridge: Anything Is Possible Next Explore Topics Arts  Entertainment Culture  Society Health History Home  How-To News  Public Affairs Parents Science  Nature Technology Media Resources Videos Blogs Newsletters Widgets Facebook Twitter YouTube PBS Community Ombudsman Producing for PBS Newsroom PBS Sites PBS KIDS PBS Video PBS Parents PBS Teachers PBS Arts PBS Shop PBS Kids Shop About PBS Donate PBS Foundation TV Schedules Career Opportunities Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright 1995 – 2013 Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). All rights reserved. Our partner in public broadcasting: 