 Industry Fine Art Search Fine Art Fine Art Business Art Research Art Careers Share Free Fine Art Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum What are the first examples of Fine Art? By Susan Kendzulak , About.com Guide Tourists admire the famous Leonardo Da Vinci painting 'The Mona Lisa' in the Grande Galerie of the Louvre Museum on August 24, 2005 in Paris, France. Photo  Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images Question: What are the first examples of Fine Art? Answer: According to author Mary Anne Staniszewski in her book Creating the Culture of Art , Leonardo da Vincis Mona Lisa would not have been considered Art in its time (1503-05) as the concept of Art is a recent invention of the past 200 years. She states that Art is a modern invention; its meaning and value is strengthened in the system of art institutions, art histories, art collections, etc. So now, since we have the concept of Art and the appropriate systems and institutions to understand something as Art, we do look back in history and consider works like Michelangelos creations and prehistoric paintings such as the Lascaux Caves as examples of Fine Art. However, when these works such as Michelangelo's painting of the Sistine Chapel, or the Lascaux Cave paintings were first created, they were not created as artworks, as aesthetic objects to be displayed in an art museum and admired by viewers for their pure visual qualities. Instead, they had different purposes and functions. According to Staniszewski, Art began in the early 20th century in Europe with works by Marcel Duchamp and Pablo Picasso as early examples of fine art. Citing the example of "Fountain", which is Duchamp's readymade sculpture : the artist took an ordinary porcelain urinal, turned it upside down, signed it "R. Mutt 1917" and displayed it in an art exhibition. It was the placement in an art institution, that transformed the common bathroom item into a work of art. Suggested Reading Fine Arts in Glossary Rarity in Glossary Old Masters in Glossary Fine Art as a Business How to Apply for Art Grants and Art Funding Tips on How to Become an Art Appraiser How to Cut Overhead of your Art Gallery More Fine Arts Resources Top 10 Recession Proof Strategies for Art Galleries Top 10 Fine Art Museums and their Jobs How to Appraise Fine Art Related Articles Fine Arts Gallery FAQs Complex, All You Wanted to Know about Fine Art Galle... Fine Arts Curator FAQs Complex, All You Wanted to Know about Fine Art Curat... Fine Arts Auction House FAQs Complex, All You Wanted to Know about Fine Art... Fine Arts Dealers and Arts Appraisers FAQs Complex, All You Wanted to Know ... What Are the Visual Arts? Susan Kendzulak Fine Art Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum See More About pre-modern art prehistoric art fine arts art history Top Related Searches mary anne staniszewski leonardo da vinci lascaux caves art histories prehistoric paintings modern invention Explore Fine Art Must Reads Top 10 Jobs in Fine Art Museums How to Make Your Artist Career How to Apply for Art Grants Fine Art Glossary Art Museum Profiles Most Popular Fine Art Auction Houses -- Top 11 Established... Curating an Art Show in 10 Easy Steps - A Step... Top 10 Fine Art Museum Apps What Do Art Curators Do? Nine International Art Conservation Schools By Category Art Galleries Art Museums Curators Auction Houses Dealers, Appraisers, Brokers Fine Art Restoration Other Careers in the Arts International Art Exhibitions Art Fairs Symposiums and Lectures Library Profiles and Interviews Software and Technology Financial Issues Artists Fine Art About.com Industry Fine Art Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 