 DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd" Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Edition: U.S. / Global Search All NYTimes.com Arts World U.S. N.Y. / Region Business Technology Science Health Sports Opinion Arts Art  Design Books Dance Movies Music Television Theater Video Games Style Travel Jobs Real Estate Autos August 27, 2013, 3:40 pm Soho Rep Announces New Season By ERIK PIEPENBURG Michael Tammaro Marin Ireland Soho Rep has big ambitions for its small new season. On Tuesday the downtown theater company announced it will mount two full productions in 2013-14: the New York premiere of David Adjmi’s Marie Antoinette, and An Octoroon by Branden Jacobs-Jenkins. Marie Antoinette (Oct. 9-Nov. 3) is Mr. Adjmis (3C) modern take on the doomed French queen. The show had its premiere last year at Yale Rep in a coproduction with American Repertory Theater. Reprising their roles from that production will be the actors Marin Ireland as Marie, Steven Rattazzi as Louis XVI and David Greenspan as a sheep. Rebecca Taichman will direct. The play is Ms. Irelands first role at Soho Rep since her heralded turn in Sarah Kanes Blasted in 2008. Other cast members include Marsha Stephanie Blake, Karl Miller and Jen Ikeda; additional casting is to be announced. In his review of the show at Yale Rep , Charles Isherwood called it a cursory comic strip of a play that echoes the Marie depicted in Sofia Coppolas anachronistic, punk-infused movie starring Kirsten Dunst. Read more August 27, 2013, 3:09 pm Restored Film of an Ill-Fated Mt. Everest Expedition to Show at London Festival By DANIEL MCDERMON Prakash Mathema/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Mount Everest, center. A newly restored version of a film documenting an early attempt to climb Mount Everest will be shown as part of this years BFI London Film Festival, the British Film Institute announced on Tuesday . The Epic of Everest, directed by the British explorer Capt. John Noel, followed the 1924 expedition led by George Mallory, in which both Mallory and another climber, Andrew Irvine, died . It remains unknown whether Mallory and Irvine  made it to Everests summit before they disappeared  if they did, they would have beaten Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay by nearly 30 years. The 1924 attempt was the third British-led expedition to Everest. Noel also filmed and photographed the second expedition, in 1922. For the 1924 effort, according to a report in The Times , Noel used four cameras, aiming to capture the fascination of those secluded, lofty, divinely beautiful mountains of Tibet and the implacable majesty of the supreme mountain herself. In a statement, Robin Baker, the film institutes head curator, said The Epic of Everest portrayed a key moment in the history of mountaineering and remains an enduring monument to Mallory and Irvine. After the Oct. 18 premiere of the restoration at the festival, The Epic of Everest will also be released in British theaters. The restoration includes a new score composed by Simon Fisher Turner, who will perform it live at the premiere. The BFI London Film Festival runs  Oct. 9 to Oct. 20. August 27, 2013, 2:50 pm Q.  A.: Cassandra Clare on The Mortal Instruments By BLANCA MELENDEZ Rafy/Screen Gems From left, Jemima West, Robert Sheehan and Lily Collins in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, adapted from Cassandra Clares novel. “City of Bones,” the film adaptation of the first book in Cassandra Clare’s young adult fantasy series “The Mortal Instruments,” opened last week. In a recent phone interview, Ms. Clare spoke about the film, her forthcoming middle-grade series, writing with Holly Black (author of “Doll Bones” and “The Spiderwick Chronicles”) and what readers can expect from “City of Heavenly Fire,” the final novel in the “Mortal Instruments” series, due  next May. Below are edited excerpts from the conversation: Q. Was there any scene or character you were particularly excited to see in the film? A. Magnus Bane, who is a trickster figure. I was worried they would cut him. I had to tell them he was a very important character who becomes more important. I was excited to see his scenes in action. Q. Are there any specific things you had a say in during the adaption process? A. I had a lot of say in casting. They definitely invited me into the casting process and showed me audition tapes, and every person cast was a conversation about the pros and cons and how they fit in with the larger puzzle of the character. Read more August 27, 2013, 11:23 am Cast of Bunheads Offers Fans a Farewell Dance By DANIEL MCDERMON Paradise was regained, albeit briefly, for fans of Bunheads. That much-loved ABC Family series was officially canceled last month after months in renewal limbo , but much of the cast reunited recently to perform one last dance to say farewell. Read more August 27, 2013, 10:40 am Make It Funky: James Brown Biopic Finds Its Leading Man By DAVE ITZKOFF Hans Edinger/Associated Press The hardest-working man in show business: James Brown. The producers of a planned biographical film on the Godfather of Soul,  James Brown,  are feeling good  good enough to move forward with the movie now that they have an actor to play Brown and a green light from Universal on the project. Variety reported that the as-yet untitled film will star Chadwick Boseman, who portrayed Jackie Robinson  this year in 42, as Brown, the pioneering RB singer who died in 2006 . Chris Pizzello/Invision, via Associated Press Chadwick Boseman The biopic, which is being directed by Tate Taylor (The Help) and written by Jez and John-Henry Butterworth (Fair Game), will chronicle Browns life from his impoverished upbringing in the South to his cape-wearing , cant-get-him-off-the-stage heyday. No release date was announced for the film, which is being produced by Imagine Entertainment and Jagged Films, the film company of Mick Jagger, a man who surely knows a thing or two about sweaty stage theatrics. August 27, 2013, 8:00 am In Performance: Sarah Lemp of The Cheaters Club By ERIK PIEPENBURG The Cheaters Club, a new play from Derek Ahonen, is a dark comedy set at a haunted inn run by a mysterious family in Savannah, Ga. In this scene , Mama, played by Sarah Lemp, talks about the ghostly happenings in Room 305. The show, from the theater company the Amoralists, opens tonight at the Abrons Arts Center, and continues through Sept. 21. In Performance Actors in excerpts from new shows. Recent videos in this series include Eric Anderson and Amber Iman performing the number Always With You from the Broadway musical Soul Doctor, at Circle in the Square, and Zachary Levi and Krysta Rodriguez singing the duet First Impressions from the new Broadway musical First Date, at the Longacre Theater. August 26, 2013, 8:36 pm Zajick Pulls Out of Dolores Claiborne By MICHAEL COOPER Dolora Zajick will not be Dolores Claiborne after all. With less than a month before the San Francisco Opera is to present the world premiere of “Dolores Claiborne,” a new Tobias Picker opera based on the Stephen King novel of the same name, the company announced on Monday that Ms. Zajick, the acclaimed mezzo-soprano who had been set to sing the title role, had withdrawn from the production. Ms. Zajick said in a statement that she was “devastated” to be unable to continue, citing knee problems and explaining that “the opera proved to be more challenging physically and vocally than I had anticipated.” Read more August 26, 2013, 5:17 pm Weekly Ticket Sales Drop Under $1 Million for Broadways Spider-Man By PATRICK HEALY Sara Krulwich/The New York Times A scene with the original cast of Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark at the Foxwoods Theater. For the first time since performances began in November 2010, the Broadway musical “Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark” took in less than $1 million for a standard eight-performance playing week, with last week’s gross totaling $966,952. While ticket sales have been softening since last fall for the $75 million musical, the most expensive in Broadway history, a spokesman on Monday linked last week’s total to “fallout” from a well-publicized foot injury suffered by the cast member Daniel Curry during the Aug. 15 performance. The record-low $966,952 gross is notable because, over the last two years, the Spider-Man producers have explicitly pointed to their seven-figure grosses as a sign of audience validation for a musical that critics widely panned. The producers have also been optimistic about earning back the show’s $75 million capitalization, but that feat would require weekly box office grosses in the $1.5 million range for several years. Last week’s gross was below the show’s weekly running costs, which are in the low seven figures, and far below the $2.94 million that the show grossed for nine performances during the New Year’s holiday week in the 2011-12 season. That week set a record for the highest gross ever on Broadway. Read more August 26, 2013, 3:57 pm New York Film Festival to Showcase Documentaries on Science and Democracy By DANIEL MCDERMON Movies  about science and democracy and a series devoted to cinematic portraiture will anchor the documentary portion of the New York Film Festival, the Film Society of Lincoln Center said on Monday . The Applied Science series will present three films about technology: Mark Levinsons Particle Fever tells the story of the physicists at CERN and the search for the Higgs boson; Google and the World Brain, directed by Ben Lewis, recounts the search giants efforts to digitize the collections of the worlds libraries; and Tims Vermeer, directed by Teller, investigates the techniques used by the 17th-century painter. Another series, How Democracy Works Now, will focus on films by Michael Camerini and Shari Robertson. They set out in 2001 to track efforts to overhaul immigration in the United States, following advocates and legislators in Washington in efforts to pass a comprehensive immigration bill. The filmmakers plan to complete 12 films in total; 10 are to be presented in the festival. Motion Portraits, the last series, will include eight features that take decidedly different approaches toward the portrait. Among them are Nancy Buirskis Afternoon of a Faun: Tanaquil Le Clercq, which illuminates Le Clercqs role as the wife and muse of George Balanchine, and The Dog, directed by Allison Berg and Frank Keraudren, which recounts the tale of John Wojtowicz, whose attempt to rob a Chase Manhattan Bank in Gravesend, Brooklyn, inspired the film Dog Day Afternoon. The festival opens on Sept. 27. A full list is at the film festivals Web site . August 26, 2013, 2:10 pm MTV Awards Show Prompts Familiar Complaint By JAMES C. MCKINLEY JR. Eric Thayer/Reuters Robin Thicke and Miley Cyrus at the Video Music Awards show on Sunday. MTV has once again outraged an advocacy group that wants to reduce the level of adult content and profanity on television. The Parents Television Council , a nonprofit group known for criticizing shows, including Family Guy, for explicit content and adult jokes, took the network to task for airing condom ads and staging performances with skimpy costumes and sexually suggestive dancing during the Video Music Awards on Sunday. Some viewers have said that Miley Cyruss performance , which included miming coitus with Robin Thicke and rump-shaking among dancing bears, was in particularly poor taste. The Parents Television Councils complaint about the show, which echoes similar statements it has made in years past, took on greater weight this year because Ms. Cyruss father, Billy Ray Cyrus, sits on the groups advisory board . Representatives for Mr. Cyrus did not respond to requests for comment, but he may have made his opinion known on Twitter last night, writing : Thanking God for so many blessings tonight. Continue to pray for world peace. More love  less hate. MTV rated the program TV-14, which means the program contains some material that many parents would find unsuitable for children under 14 years of age. But the Parents Television Council said the show crossed a line and that the network should have warned parents against letting 14-year-olds  eighth graders, typically  view it without supervision. They also complained that the ads for birth control and R-rated movies during the show were aimed at an adult audience. Read more Older Entries  Search This Blog Search All NYTimes.com Blogs » Follow This Blog Twitter RSS  In the Spotlight Popcast: Gary Burton, Resurgent Jazz Outsider Book Review Podcast: Amanda Ripleys The Smartest Kids in the World Q. and A.: Gidon Kremer on Freedom and Human Rights in Russia Book Review Podcast: James McBrides Good Lord Bird Popcast: Earl Sweatshirt and ASAP Ferg Step Up Categories Art  Design Read Related Posts Art  Design Section Books Read Related Posts Books Section Classical Music Read Related Posts Music Section Dance Read Related Posts Dance Section Movies Read Related Posts Movies Section Music Read Related Posts Music Section Television Read Related Posts Television Section Theater Read Related Posts Theater Section More Arts News  Features Theater Review: ‘Still Jewish After All These Years’ Stars Avi Hoffman By ANITA GATES In “Still Jewish After All These Years,” at Stage 72, Avi Hoffman offers songs and life lessons from decades in the Yiddish theater. Music Match: ‘Billie Jean’ Twice: Jackson’s Way and as Sultry Ballad By VAL HALLER For this Music Match cover pairing, the song where Michael Jackson introduced the moonwalk and a remake by the duo The Civil Wars. Gilbert Taylor, Celebrated Cinematographer, Dies at 99 By DANIEL E. SLOTNIK Mr. Taylor brought a cinéma vérité sensibility to black-and-white pictures like “Dr. Strangelove,” and also masterminded the bright, clean shots for “Star Wars.” Red Burns, ‘Godmother of Silicon Alley,’ Dies at 88 By DOUGLAS MARTIN Ms. Burns helped to lead the movement for public access to cable television and started a New York University program to foster Internet wizards. Critic’s Notebook: PBS Documentary Explores a Civil Rights Triumph By NEIL GENZLINGER A documentary on PBS goes behind the scenes of a major episode in civil rights history in 1963. Related Blogs Media Decoder The Carpetbagger Remote Control: To Protect Its Empire, ESPN Stays on Offense Emerging competitors, decreasing cable subscriptions and rising political opposition to bundled channels have created a precarious environment for ESPN, which is fighting back. National Briefing | Washington: Prosecutors Press Subpoena for Times Reporter in Leak Case The Justice Department on Monday asked a full federal appeals court not to hear arguments from lawyers for a New York Times reporter, who has been subpoenaed to testify in a leak case against a former C.I.A. officer. Red Burns, ‘Godmother of Silicon Alley,’ Dies at 88 Ms. Burns helped to lead the movement for public access to cable television and started a New York University program to foster Internet wizards. Cut. Print It. That’s a Wrap. The Carpetbagger signs off for the season. New Projects for New Winners (and Your 2014 Contenders Now) A roundup of what the winners (and losers) will be doing next and a look ahead at what may be competing at next year's Oscars. Angry Viewers Are Writing the Academy (and Here’s What They’re Saying) Viewers upset with the Oscars telecast share the letters they've written to the Academy. About ArtsBeat ArtsBeat is a Web site devoted to culture news and reviews, and to the work and interests of the reporters and critics of The Times’s culture department and the Book Review. Come here for breaking stories about the arts, coverage of live events, interviews with leading cultural figures, critical reviews, multimedia extravaganzas and much more. We welcome your input: Send your feedback and tips to artsbeat@nytimes.com and learn more about our commenting policy here. Follow us: Twitter | RSS Column Abroad Michael Kimmelman on culture and society in Europe and beyond. Follow The New York Times  Facebook Twitter .html','WT.ti','Follow-NYT-YouTube','WT.z_dcsm','1')">YouTube RSS Archive Select Month August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 Recent Posts August 27 Soho Rep Announces New Season The downtown theaters new season includes the New York premiere of David Adjmis Marie Antoinette and Branden Jacobs-Jenkinss Octoroon. August 27 Restored Film of an Ill-Fated Mt. Everest Expedition to Show at London Festival The Epic of Everest, which follows the 1924 British expedition in which two famed climbers died, has been restored. August 27 Q.  A.: Cassandra Clare on The Mortal Instruments Ms. Clare discusses the movie adaptation of the first volume of her best-selling series of fantasy novels. August 27 Cast of Bunheads Offers Fans a Farewell Dance Fans of the beloved, and still canceled, ABC Family series get one view of the young dancers of Paradise, Calif. August 27 Make It Funky: James Brown Biopic Finds Its Leading Man Chadwick Boseman, who played Jackie Robinson in 42, will star as Brown in a biographical film directed by Tate Taylor (The Help).  DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd"  2013 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback  