 Added to Favorites Dictionary Thesaurus Word Dynamo Quotes Reference Translator Spanish Log In Sign Up Premium Introducing a cool new way to learn!  convertible Use Convertible in a sentence Ads Volkswagen Convertibles www.vw.com/ convertible See our Volkswagen Convertibles to Experience A Breath Of Fresh Air. Land Rover® TriState Site www.landrovertristate.com/ Schedule A Test Drive At Your Local TriState Retailer. con·vert·i·ble / kənˈvɜr tə bəl / Show Spelled [ k uh n- vur -t uh -b uh l ] Show IPA  adjective 1. capable of being converted . 2. having a folding top, as an automobile or pleasure boat. 3. exchangeable for something of equal value: debts payable only in convertible currencies. noun 4. an automobile or a boat with a folding top. 5. a sofa, couch, or chair whose seating section can be folded out into a bed. 6. Finance. a convertible bond or security. Relevant Questions How To Convert How To Convert Currency Who Buys Catalytic Conve... How To Convert Fractions... How To Convert Mm To Inc... How To Convert Millimete... How To Convert How To Convert Mm To Inc... Who Buys Catalytic Conve... How To Convert Currency 00:10 Convertible is always a great word to know. So is conclusive . Does it mean: So is consolidate . Does it mean: So is commingle . Does it mean: the using up of goods and services having an exchangeable value serving to put an end to a question; decisive to bring together separate parts into a single or unified whole intricate, complicated act of giving v.????? LEARN MORE UNUSUAL WORDS WITH WORD DYNAMO...  Origin: 1350–1400; Middle English < Medieval Latin convertibilis. See convert , -ible Related forms con·vert·i·bil·i·ty, con·vert·i·ble·ness, noun con·vert·i·bly, adverb non·con·vert·i·bil·i·ty, noun non·con·vert·i·ble, adjective non·con·vert·i·ble·ness, noun non·con·vert·i·bly, adverb un·con·vert·i·bil·i·ty, noun un·con·vert·i·ble, adjective un·con·vert·i·ble·ness, noun un·con·vert·i·bly, adverb Dictionary.com Unabridged Based on the Random House Dictionary, © Random House, Inc. 2013. Cite This Source | Link To convertible Collins World English Dictionary convertible (kənˈvɜːtəb ə l)  adj 1. capable of being converted 2. (of a car) having a folding or removable roof 3. finance a.a bond or debenture that can be converted to ordinary or preference shares on a fixed date at a fixed price b.(of a paper currency) exchangeable on demand for precious metal to an equivalent value c.( Canadian ) of a mortgage able to be converted into a longer term mortgage without financial penalty  n 4. a car with a folding or removable roof converti'bility  n con'vertibleness  n con'vertibly  adv Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 10th Edition 2009 © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009 Cite This Source Etymonline Word Origin & History convertible late 14c., from Fr. convertible (13c.), from L.L. convertibilis, from convertere (see convert ). The noun is recorded from 1610s; meaning "automobile with a removable top" is from 1916. Online Etymology Dictionary, © 2010 Douglas Harper Cite This Source word Dynamo Module Example sentences Rear overhang turns the convertible sofa into a trampoline at highway speeds. But if the yuan is made convertible only when it has reached its equilibrium level, it may no longer appreciate with certainty. The currency is not fully convertible , so capital flows in and out of the country are controlled. With a tight sweater and gel-smeared hair, he offers his body for only twenty convertible pesos a night. If you're only driving to the store, you're wasting your money on the convertible . The only value it has is in its promise to be convertible , at some point in the future, into a good or a service. To the extent that the dollar falls, other convertible paper currencies have to rise. She was riding in a convertible and her top was down. Costs are still higher in the convertible -bond market. The plan was to keep him there until the stadium filled, at which point he would ride across the field in a white convertible . Display ads1 rightrail Module Relatedwords Slang rightrail Module Want convertible ad-free? Click here! Related Words convert convertible debenture hardtop soft-top asset awesome boot bullionist conv convertible insurance convertible preferred stock current assets MORE Idioms rightrail Module Images Slider Module Quotes Module Matching Quote "Herein is the explanation of the analogies, which exist in all the arts. They are the re-appearance of one mind, working in many materials to many temporary ends. Raphael paints wisdom, Handel sings it, Phidias carves it, Shakspeare writes it, Wren builds it, Columbus sails it, Luther preaches it, Washington arms it, Watt mechanizes it. Painting was called "silent poetry," and poetry "speaking painting." The laws of each art are convertible into the laws of every other." -Ralph Waldo Emerson MORE Related Searches Convertible cars Best convertible car... Hardtop to convertib... Convertible conversi... Bmw convertible Ford mustang convert... Jennifer convertible... Castro convertible f... Nearby Words conversive conversive heat converso conversus convert convert.f90 convertaplane convertase converted converted rice converted steel converted-rice converted-steel convertend converter converter lens converter react... converter-lens converti'bility convertibility convertible convertible bon... convertible deb... convertible ins... convertible len... convertible pre... convertible sec... convertible-bon... convertible-deb... convertible-ins... convertible-len... convertibleness convertibly convertin convertiplane convertite convertive convertoplane convertor convex convex computer... Synonyms adaptable MORE Synonym Game adaptable PLAY In-house ads Module Sky ad Module  Partners: Word Bloglines Citysearch The Daily Beast Ask Answers Ask Kids Life123 Sendori Home Advisor Copyright  2013 Dictionary.com, LLC . All rights reserved. About PRIVACY POLICY Terms API Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Suggest a Word Help Please Login or Sign Up to use the Favorites feature Please Login or Sign Up to use the Recent Searches feature FAVORITES RECENT   