  Quick Links City of Boston Website eCards ESL Conversation Groups Genealogy Resources Library Cards Museum Passes Out-of-school Time & Homework Help PIN Numbers Reception  Event Booking Renew my Books Request books Special Collections Wireless Access at the BPL Search:  For books, movies, music, etc.  bpl.org MyAccount Kids Teens SupporttheBPL Jobs Links General Info About the Boston Public Library Affiliates of the Library Board of Trustees Borrowing  Circulation Information Computers & Technology Holiday Observances Hours  Directions How Do I...? Job Opportunities Policies  Procedures Popular Subjects and Call Numbers Strategic Planning Support the Library Understanding Call Numbers Central Library Access Services Art and Architecture Tours ASA College Planning Brief Walking Tour of the McKim Building Calendar of Events Car, Bicycle & Motorcycle Parking Children's Room Circulation Delivery Desk Hours  Directions Kirstein Business Library Map of Central Library Meeting Rooms Reception  Event Booking Reference  Reader's Advisory Restaurants Teen Room Tours Wheelchair Available Neighborhood Branches About the 25 Neighborhood Branches Branch Capital Projects Map of Library Locations Research SpecializedServices Booklists for Adults Booklists for Kids Booklists for Teens Fine Arts Genealogy Government Information Interlibrary Loan Kids Kirstein Business Library Literacy Services  ESL Microtext Music Newspapers Norman B. Leventhal Map Center Prints and Photographs Proctoring Services Rare Books and Manuscripts Reference  Reader's Advisory Social Sciences Special Collections Teens Our Collections BPL Catalog (MBLN) -- Alternate Catalog -- Mobile Catalog Overdrive (eBooks  more) All eBook Resources New Movies, Music, and Video Games Newspapers List Online Collections Collections of Distinction Archival and Manuscript Finding Aids Special Collections World Languages Electronic Resources A-Z list of resources e-Journals by title Google Scholar Internet links Resources by Subject Programs Events Author Talk Series Calendar of Events Computer Classes Concerts in the Courtyard Exhibitions Local & Family History Series Lowell Lecture Series Never Too Late Group Proposing Programs Press Room Press Room Organization Media Releases For Members of the Press Subscribe to BPL eNews Contact Us Call Us Email Us Visit Us Follow Us Online Write Us Limited Access Computers The computer you are using only accesses library resources. This includes our catalogs and our electronic subscription databases. For full Internet access please visit the Internet Access computers. Please ask staff for assistance. Library Service Station Home Find Books and More Search Articles Check Your Account Attend Events Ask a Question Research Services Delivery Desk Fine Arts Genealogy Government Information Interlibrary Loan Kirstein Business Library Microtext Music Newspapers Norman B. Leventhal Map Center Prints and Photographs Rare Books and Manuscripts Reference & Reader's Advisory Social Sciences Special Collections Boston Public Library Fine Arts Department 3rd Floor, McKim Building, Central Library 617-859-2275 Please visit our hours page for current Fine Arts Department hours. Subjects Art history, Architecture, Painting, Sculpture, Drawing, Design, Illustration, Decorative arts and antiques. Collections The Fine Arts Collection is a non-circulating research resource of more than 125,000 titles (not including bound periodicals, multiple-volume works and unbound catalogs). The Fine Arts Department is also responsible for servicing special collections that document art, architecture and the decorative arts with special focus on Boston and New England. The circulating collection of fine arts books may be found on the second floor of the General Library in the Johnson building. Unlike many research collections of comparable size or depth in museums or academic institutions, the Fine Arts Collection is not defined by the demands of specific curricula or by the research needs of the staff of a parent organization or its special clientele. Rather, as a research collection within a public library, the Fine Arts Department follows broad objectives in acquisitions, collecting as comprehensively as possible the materials necessary for the study of all facets of art and art history, architecture and its history, the decorative arts and crafts of all countries and periods. The collection includes works of biography, criticism, history and philosophy of art, art education, manuals on technique, journals and patternbooks, major studies of artists and periods, catalogues raisonnes, oeuvres catalogues, collectors' manuals and many valuable early imprints, as well as major art indexes and abstracts, encyclopedias, dictionaries, bibliographies and auction records. The Library receives on standing order basis new publications from 400 American publishers, including virtually all university presses, and from approximately 30 foreign countries. The Fine Arts staff does extensive bibliographic searching and ordering of additional materials from foreign national bibliographies, publishers' trade publications, and rare book dealers. Approximately 1,700-2,000 titles are added each year. The Department receives approximately 270 periodical titles but it should be noted that the Library subscribes to a great many art- and architecture- related journals on photography, graphic arts, archaeology, costume, crafts, industrial and interior design which do not classify on N in the Library of Congress classification scheme, and therefore are not held in the Fine Arts Department. Titles in the Fine Arts Collection are listed in the Library's Research Library catalog but that catalog in its online version only reflects cataloging since 1974. Materials acquired and processed before 1974 are listed in the microfiche version of the Boston Public Library Research Library Catalog. Special Collections and Indexes: Art in the Boston Public Library is a card index by artist, subject and title, to the paintings, sculptures and decorative art in the library's collection. Information relating to medium, size, date of execution, date of presentation to the BPL, donor, location, as well as a listing of references to other sources, is often provided. The Boston Architecture Reference File is a card index of references to written descriptions, critiques, histories, illustrations, renderings and plans of Boston buildings and their architects. Most references are to published sources, although they may refer to original photographs, architectural drawings and other unpublished materials in the collections of this and other libraries. The Boston Picture File consists of mounted and unmounted photographs and clippings about Boston buildings, parks, monuments, streets, etc. Material in this file has been indexed in the Boston Architecture Reference File. A postcard collection of c. 1,500 items depicting Boston buildings is also part of this pictorial archive. The Boston Art Archives/New England Art Information File was begun in 1885 as a vertical file of ephemera on Boston artists. Over the years it has expanded in coverage of New England artists, as well as contemporary artists across the country who are not adequately covered in reference sources. Types of materials included in this file are: exhibition announcements, calendars of events, gallery/organization newsletters, press releases, reviews of exhibitions, checklists and small exhibition catalogs, obituaries, illustrations, gallery histories, bibliographies on artists, and miscellaneous biographical information. This index has also absorbed the exhibition record of individual artists at shows of the Boston Society of Arts and Crafts, the Boston Society of Independent Artists, and the Boston Art Club. The Archives of American Art Microfilm Collection has been on deposit at the Boston Public Library since 1994 and is updated with a copy of each new microfilm roll produced by the Archives.  General Info | Central Library | Neighborhood Branches | Research and Specialized Services | Our Collections | Electronic Resources | Programs and Events | Press Room | Contact Us | Site Search The Boston Public Library  617-536-5400  ask@bpl.org Central Library – 700 Boylston St., Boston MA 02116 