 Literature, Science  Arts University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts Undergrad Admissions Faculty Directory Donations Jobs Students Faculty  Staff Research Alumni  Friends Parents Events Departments  Units  With more than 40 programs ranked in the top ten nationally, the College of Literature, Science, and the Arts (LSA) is at the heart of the Michigan Difference. We are the vanguard for educating young leaders through a rich liberal arts curriculum and creating new knowledge through world-class research and scholarship. More about us... MORE LSA TODAY The Diet of Pyramid Builders the michigan difference | 7/22/2013 It took 4,000 pounds of meat per day to feed the laborers who built Egypt’s pyramids, according to researcher Richard Redding. He waded through thousands of animal bones to beef up his findings. Read more... Students Get, Give Financial Aid campus | 7/15/2013 Motivated by gratitude, LSA scholarship recipients raise funds for peers experiencing financial hardship. One student talks about what her scholarship means to her, and how it inspires her to help others. Read more... The Centennial President the michigan difference | 7/8/2013 July 14 marks the 100th anniversary of the birth of Gerald R. Ford, the 38th president of the United States and a Michigan alumnus. We look back on the life of a man devoted to public service—and to U-M. Read more... A Wolverine at Gettysburg the michigan difference | 7/1/2013 On the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Gettysburg, we join ranks with Charles Frederick Taylor, a U-M student who fought on the frontlines and became a hero. Read more... A Scientist’s Language the michigan difference | 6/27/2013 An LSA professor recently discovered a new language in north-central Australia. As it turns out, there’s more to learn from its existence, and its Indigenous speakers, than mere words. Read more... MORE LSA TODAY in the ARCHIVES  Even more LSA... LSA Elsewhere  LSA Physics Professors Create Opportunities for U.S. Students at CERN Lab 8/22/2013 Symmetry  LSA Researchers Uncover Ancient Roman Ruins in City-State of Gabii 8/19/2013 The New York Times  Frequent Facebook Use Linked to Sadness, Says LSA Psychologist 8/16/2013 ABC News LSA in Depth Table of Contents Spring 2013 LSA Magazine Spring 2013 Chain Reactions Sharpening the complex picture of illegal immigration. Taking stock of thepost-Higgs landscape. Bringing the scientific method to Antarctica. Thisissue is all about exercising the impulse for inquiryand making unexpectedconnections. Find out more... College of Literature, Science, and the Arts 500 S. State Street,Ann Arbor,MI48109  2013 Regents of the University of Michigan 