 Travel Germany Travel Search Germany Travel Plan Your Trip What to Do Best of Germany Share Free Germany Travel Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Car Lover's Guide to Germany Best of German Cars By Birge Amondson , About.com Guide BMW, Volkswagen, Porsche, and Mercedes; Germany is famous for its cars who zip down the Autobahn - after all, the automobile was invented in Germany in 1886 by Carl Benz. Today, car enthusiasts will find many opportunities to celebrate the Auto in Germany: From car museums and car factory tours, to scenic drives, race tracks, and the Autobahn, here are the best places to enjoy the best of Germany's cars. 1. BMW World Munich GNTB/Andrew Cowin For BMW fans, Munich offers no less than three points of interest, all in walking distance from each other: The BMW Museum, which traces back the history of the famous car; the architectural masterpiece "BMW World", which is the delivery center for BMWs and also houses exhibition halls, design ateliers, and workshops for kids; and of course the BMW plant itself, which offers fascinating tours: Put on your safety goggles and factory coats and watch how giant conveyors lift the 3-series BMW to be welded by computer-controlled robots. 2. Volkswagen Factory Wolfsburg Getty Images/Sean Gallup The Volkswagen factory in Wolfsburg prides itself in being the largest auto plant in the world. Its adjacent Autostadt (car city) is a theme park dedicated to the automobile and offers everything car enthusiasts of all ages dream about. There is a huge car museum, several pavilions dedicated to various VW models, driving courses for adults and kids, restaurants, a hotel, and of course the factory itself, which offers interesting tours. Another highlight: Embark on a glass elevator which takes you to the top of the 160 feet high glass Car Tower; they hold up to 800 custom-ordered cars, which are picked up by their buyers fresh from the factory. 3. Racetrack Nuerburgring Curnen If you love speed, head to Germanys most famous racetrack, the Nuerburgring; established in 1927, it has been regarded as the toughest Grand Prix circuit of all. The Ring home of the Formula 1 world championships, offers plenty of opportunity for Michael Schumacher fans to experience the thrill of racing first hand. You can drive laps in your own car, hop on a speedy BMW Ring Taxi, visit an interactive exhibition, or take safety-driving classes. There are even two hotels overlooking the start and finish line of the race track. 4. Scenic Drives in Germany Peter Adams/ Getty Images If prefer love a slower pace, then make the journey your reward and take a road trip. Germany offers many scenic drives and themed roads that will lead you past quaint villages, medieval castles, and unspoiled countryside. From the Romantic Road , and the Castle Road , to the Fairy Tale Road , and the Wine Route , check out the roads best traveled in Germany. 5. Trabi Sightseeing Erik Clevens Kristensen The last new Trabi, the car produced in the former GDR, hit the road in 1991, but the vehicle has gained cult status in Germany ever since; although the Trabi is neither fast nor efficient, the cute car has sentimental value and is a powerful symbol of a time gone-by. Most Trabis, which have plastic shells and smoky two-stroke engines, disappeared from Germanys streets, but you can still experience the Trabi on special sightseeing tours in Berlin , where you can get behind the wheel of the cult car yourself. 6. Renting a Car in Germany Andreas Levers Do you want to rent a car and fly down the German Autobahn? Check out our tips and find helpful information to get the best rental car for your trip through Germany. 7. Frankfurt International Motor Show Loremo The International Motor Show, which takes place in Frankfurt every other year, showcases the latest, fastest, and most sustainable in auto technology. Visitors can not only marvel at the displayed cars, but also get behind the wheels during free test runs on Frankfurts roads, including the Autobahn. For more hands-on experience, the Motor Show also features an outdoor go-kart track, off-road courses, and eco-training classes. 8. Driving Tips in Germany Find out how to make the most out of your drive and stay safe on Germanys streets: Here are the most important rules of the road, as well as tips on how to navigate the German Autobahn. Germany Travel Germany's Best Cities and Destinations Top 10 Sights to See in Germany Maps of Germany Germany Travel Planning Before You Go to Germany Best Germany Guidebooks Do You Need Visa for Germany? On the Road in Germany Bus Travel in Germany Train Travel in Germany Useful German for Train Travel Related Articles Germanys Factory Tours - Best Factory Tours in Germany Arcades - Italy Travel LA Car Culture - Los Angeles Car Museums and Attractions for Auto Buffs Top 5 Picks for Cars Fans at Disney World Bristol, the Last True British Made Automobile Birge Amondson Germany Travel Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum See More About german cars driving in germany museums in germany Top Related Searches andrew cowin bmw world bmw museum bmw fans car museums bmw plant Explore Germany Travel Must Reads Before You Go Best 10 Things to See & Do in Germany Top 10 German Cities Train Travel in Germany Best Hotels Under 100 Euros Most Popular Germanys Top 10 Cities - Best Spots for City... Top 10 Attractions and Sights in Munich Oktoberfest 2013 in Munich When is Oktoberfest - Dates and Opening Hours Best Ten Sights  Attractions in Germany By Category Plan Your Trip Cities & Regions Sights & Attractions Where to Stay Food & Local Dining Nightlife Shopping Events & Festivals History & Culture German Travel Glossary Pictures of Germany Germany Travel About.com Travel Germany Travel History & Culture Cars in Germany - Car Lover's Guide to Germany Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. Also from About 