 Auto Mechanic | Auto Mechanic Repair and Maintenance Tips Tools For The Auto Mechanic In You Home FrankiesGarage Auto MechanicFriends Winter Reminders for Every Driver: The Right Maintenance Steps (PartIV) December 18, 2008 Note to Reader: The following tips apply to “pre-winter” and ‘middle of the season’ winter maintenance. Now, just because winter has started, it doesn’t mean you should neglect your duties as a car owner. I was actually looking for a better word apart from “duties” to describe what you need to do to help keep your car in tiptop condition during these cold months, but I couldn’t find any. Yes, you have a duty to keep your car in great shape. While vehicle maintenance may not seem like a pressing duty these days, neglecting simple things like auto tune ups can eventually lead to costly reparations, or worse, expensive auto-part or entire-vehicle replacement. Tip #8: Conduct a Tune-Up! Now if you’re a responsible vehicle owner, then you already know the importance of regular tune ups. But in case you missed my previous posts on this topic (multi-posts at that!) then I’ll give you two reasons why you should conduct regular auto tune ups: (1) It helps keep your car performing at its best by making sure your engine and ignition components are in great shape, and (2) it helps you catch small auto issues before they become full-blown, migraine-inducing, automotive problems—possibly saving you hundreds of dollars in the long run. While a couple of auto breakdowns during the warmer seasons may seem like “petty issues” to some of us, it’s a completely different story when you find yourself stranded in the middle of nowhere in the dead of winter with a busted car. When you feel every muscle in your body starting to freeze when you step out of your car, then you’ll know you’re in deep trouble. Avoid turning into a human popsicle by making sure your car is in great shape before, during, and even after the winter season. Because broken fan belts, hoses-gone-bad, frozen water pumps, arcing ignition wires, and malfunctioning distributor rotors and caps, are the usual culprits when it comes to auto breakdowns, it’s better to make sure each one of these auto units are in good condition before embarking in any long winter trips. I know that the word “tune-up” can encompass virtually anything and everything that has to do with repairs and replacements, that’s why we’re going to be tackling some of the most important steps you shouldn’t forget when conducting a tune-up. If you decide to do a little “extra” work on your car, then that’s good news for both you and your car! If you don’t have the time to go through every single component in your vehicle, then I suggest checking at least the following: Misc. Tip Its widely known that winter time brings with it more auto expenses. Auto accident rates skyrocket with snow and icy conditions. Proper maintenance will certainly help you and your auto be better prepared for these conditions. In the mean time you might want to check out some cheap auto insurance savings tips as there is a very good chance you will have even minor accidents this winter. Step #1: Check your tire pressure levels . If you don’t have the tools to check your tire pressure levels, then you can ask your local mechanic to do it for you—sometimes even for free! But since it’s Christmas, you might want to leave a nice tip for your mechanic. If your vehicle has built-in tire pressure monitors, then you won’t have to worry about frequent tire checks, since these monitors should alert you when there are drastic changes in your car’s tire pressure levels. But if you notice one or all of your tires going soft gradually, then it’s best to still conduct a manual check once in a while. Spark Plug Wires Read the rest of this entry  Comments Off | auto part replacement , Automobile Information , Brakes , Car Maintenance , Car Repair , Detecting Auto Problem , Engine Parts , Frankie Says , Spark Plugs | Permalink Posted by autofrankie Winter Reminders for Every Driver: The Right Maintenance Steps (PartIII) December 11, 2008 Note to Reader: Still don’t have my train horns in place, but I’m pretty sure I’ll manage to install it by the end of the year.  Now, see the importance of planning things in advance? Setting your auto-related “goal” well in advance gives you time to plan out your actions. Right now, I’m still a bit busy winter-proofing my neighbor’s vehicle—for a pretty good price too! I’m still trying to decide whether to say “yes” to Rum Raisin Apple Pie (?) or Bittersweet Choco Pecan Pie. What do you think? Which one would be better for Christmas Eve? Okay, with that question having been asked, let’s get back to our winter tips, shall we? So in the last post about winter reminders, you were asked to keep your headlights fully-functioning, keep your gas tank as close to FULL as possible, and to check your tire pressure levels . The next few tips should cover winter-proofing your engine cooling system and windshield. So, without further ado, let’s get back to business. Antifreeze/Coolant Tip #6: Inspect your Cooling System and Check your Water-Coolant/Antifreeze Levels . Coolant or antifreeze, is basically the (usually) bright-colored solution that goes inside your vehicle’s radiator. Most of the time, cars run using a 50/50 mixture of water and coolant—but to be sure, it’s always best to check your owner’s manual for specific instructions regarding the correct water-coolant mixture. Now, during winter, it’s always good advice for you to keep your water-coolant levels as close to full as possible. You’re probably wondering: “Why add water-coolant mixture when it’s winter?” Well, even if it’s winter, your engine still heats up pretty fast, especially when you’re traveling long distances. I say, just don’t risk it! An overheating engine can cause a lot of problems under your hood. Plus, coolant helps keep your engine operating properly—it’s the best way to winter-proof your cooling system and to prolong your engine’s life. Also, don’t make the mistake of adding 100 percent pure coolant into your radiator. Coolant freezes easily. The water’s there to help keep your coolant well below freezing point. If the coolant freezes up, expect it to expand and to kick out your engine block faster than you can say “mother-quacker”. And if you’re not sure about the freeze rating of your vehicle’s coolant, then I suggest you get one of those itsy-bitsy testers they sell in your local garage or parts store. Try to stay as far away from your coolant’s freezing point to avoid shelling out for a new engine block. I hope you remembered to perform your annual radiator flush last spring! And now that we’re done with antifreeze/coolant discussion, let’s head on to the next topic: winter-proofing your windshield wiper! Read the rest of this entry  3 Comments | auto part replacement , Automobile Information , Car Maintenance , Car Repair , Detecting Auto Problem , Frankie Says , Wiper blades | Permalink Posted by autofrankie Train Horns AreHonking December 10, 2008 As we cautiously approach a railroad crossing, there’s this primary signal that we are extremely vigilant for. No, this is not the red and green warning lights. I am talking about the sound that has been blaring over the railroads all across the country for over a century now. We all know this my fellow drivers; this is the sound of the train horn. Now all along I thought that train horns are just for trains, right? Well I was wrong. You see friend of mine started to, from his own words, “pimp out” his old mini-vans with locomotive horns. It’s kinda cool you know, when he installed the horns onto his Chevy Astro. It looked vintage but with a twist. He said he would also install a megaphone and take the van to the Superbowl next year. It’s an awesome idea. Now imagine what the horns would like in a Ford F-150 on a stadium parking lot. Sweet. Aside from the aesthetic value of train horns, these honkers do their work real good. A long sound blast could definitely gain the attention you need. Just be careful when and where to blast these horns. Better not cause inconvenience and attract unwanted attention. I would like to do an installation myself and as soon as I do one, I’d post a tutorial here. I checked online and found this online store carrying super loud Train Horns. The site, TrainHornsDelivered.com offers free shipping on all purchases, so if ever you’re planning to get one better check out their website. I plan to get one just before New Year’s eve. 1 Comment | Train Horns | Permalink Posted by autofrankie Winter Reminders for Every Driver: The Right Maintenance Steps (PartII) November 26, 2008 Note to Reader 1: So we’ve learned from the previous post that it’s important to keep your ride spick and span during the winter season and that you need to have a great set of snow tires available for your trips around town … In this follow-up post, we’ll be discussing other maintenance tips. Some of which are winter-specific, and other helpful reminders that you should note down and conduct even after the winter season. So, without further ado, I present to you Part II of “Winter Reminders for Every Driver: The Right Maintenance Steps”. Tip # 3: Keep Your Headlights Clean and Snow-Free As Much As Possible, Even If You Don’t Think You’ll Be Using Them. During the winter season, days generally become shorter. If it’s snowing pretty bad in your area, then you can expect inches of snow to cling to your headlights, limiting your driving visibility greatly. One of the downsides of snowy weather is how your surroundings can become dark as night in a matter of hours—sometimes even just minutes! You’re driving and just minutes after light snow coats your hood, it becomes more and more difficult to see oncoming vehicles. And we all know how difficult it is to trust your brakes when your vehicle is crawling through icy streets. This is why it pays to have fully-functional headlights which you can use during poor visibility conditions. (Fog lights are generally used during the winter, but it pays to have an awesome pair of headlights too.) Another reason why it pays to clean out your headlights before you travel is that it helps prevent the buildup of snow, sand, salt, and other debris which could cause long-term damage to your headlights. These harmful agents can easily diminish the effectiveness of your headlights in the long run, requiring you to replace both headlight assemblies come spring. Save more by keeping your headlights in tiptop condition instead. Read the rest of this entry  5 Comments | Auto Lights , Automobile Information , Car Maintenance , Car Repair , Detecting Auto Problem , Frankie Says , Tires | Permalink Posted by autofrankie Winter Reminders for Every Driver: The Right Maintenance Steps (PartI) November 24, 2008 Winter’s here! And for most of us, it’s sure to be a white Christmas. This may not be the happiest Christmas for everyone, what with all the problems most of us are facing, but the best way to somewhat enjoy the holidays is to make the best out of what we still have—for some good health, for others a great family, others still excellent friends, and I’m hoping that you, like me, are still thankful that you have a car to drive to town with. For me, the best thing about winter is snow. I usually stay over at my sister’s place with the rest of my family to celebrate the holidays with them. Snow is almost-always present especially during the latter parts of December. So I have to remember to take extra-care of my vehicle and to drive really slowly, or to not drive at all when the streets are icy. One of the most amusing driving reminders I’ve ever gotten from a close friend is that: “If the roads are wet, drive like it’s snowing. If the streets have snow, then drive like they’re icy. And if the roads are icy, then don’t drive at all.” The cool thing about this tip is that it’s actually a great way to avoid accidents! And while this tip doesn’t just apply to the winter season, it’s more recommended during the colder parts of the year. We all know that during winter, starting your car is generally harder than usual. Especially if you park it overnight outside your garage where snow can make a car-cicle out of your ride. During winter, inspecting and repairing your vehicle also becomes ten times harder than normal, especially if you don’t have enough room in your garage. When your garage is too small, you’ll have to conduct your auto-check outside your house—and the next thing you’ll know, you’re knee-deep in freezing snow with little or absolutely no access to your chassis components. Car care also becomes a problem, because no amount of outdoor heating methods could prevent the water you use to clean your vehicle from turning into ice upon contact. One way you can keep your ride well-prepared for the winter season is by conducting all the auto checks and maintenance processes before snow falls. To complete your winter auto checklist, I’ve compiled some of the best tips I’ve gotten in all my years of driving and repairing automobiles. Let’s start this multi-post topic with regular and winter-specific auto maintenance steps. Winter Car Care and Auto Maintenance Tips I’d like to start this multi-entry post with basic car maintenance tips and reminders that are generally winter-specific. So without further ado…onto the first tip! Read the rest of this entry  3 Comments | Automobile Information , Car Maintenance , Car Repair , Detecting Auto Problem , Frankie Says | Permalink Posted by autofrankie Car Maintenance 101: Troubleshooting Your Engine for Problems (Part7) November 19, 2008 Note to Reader 9: My final post on troubleshooting your engine. I know that sometimes looking at these symptoms can be a bit confusing, after all, stalling is staling, whether you’re running at high speeds or idling. But the fact is, you need to accurately pinpoint your auto symptoms to find out the possible factors behind your engine problems. Remember that the moment you experience engine problems, it’s always best to clear your schedule as soon as possible for a complete auto check or tune-up. If your vehicle uses up more oil than normal, but almost no smoke is exiting from your exhaust… You may notice this symptom between oil changes. You notice that your car’s oil level is becoming suspiciously low, too quickly. It’s never happened before, and it doesn’t seem like your engine is consuming more oil than usual. The weird thing is that you can’t find even the smallest amounts of smoke in your exhaust. If your vehicle is exhibiting these symptoms then… Possible Cause: Your engine’s gasket seals or the gaskets themselves may be broken or damaged. Possible Solution: Check your gaskets for signs of damage. Damaged gaskets always require replacing, so if I were you, I’d start looking around for replacement gaskets and seals. Make sure your gaskets and gasket seals meet your vehicle’s specifications and requirements. To find out which seals and gaskets will work best with your car, do consult your owner’s manual. (This little tip holds true for any replacement part you’re planning on installing in your ride.) Possible Cause: You may have a malfunctioning or damaged PCV valve. Possible Solution: Locate your PCV valve and look for signs of damage. Check to see if this component is really malfunctioning, and if it is, replace this part as soon as you can. Possible Cause: Your engine’s valve seals may no longer be working as well as they should. Possible Solution: Check your engine valve seals for signs of damage. Replace your valve seals if needed. Read the rest of this entry  3 Comments | auto part replacement , Automobile Information , Car Maintenance , Car Repair , Detecting Auto Problem , Engine Parts , Frankie Says | Permalink Posted by autofrankie Car Maintenance 101: Troubleshooting Your Engine for Problems (Part6) November 14, 2008 *** Shown in the picture is a Toyota Alternator. Note to Reader 7: I’m happy to say that we’re nearing the end of this particular topic. Feel free to ask me questions that you’d like to have addressed or posts that you want to see written. And now, on with the rest of the show. Here are more tips on how to troubleshoot your engine properly. If your engine has a tendency to idle almost-immediately after running … This situation shows a scenario wherein you have an engine that’s already “warm enough” but still has idle speeds that refuses to return to “normal”. In this situation, you really have to stomp on your brakes hard to prevent your car from surging or lurching forward. If this is a common scenario for you, then you might have: Possible Cause: An overheating engine. Possible Solution: Check your engine’s operating temperature, is it way above normal? Noticing light smoke coming from under your hood? Pull over immediately and let your engine cool a bit before popping your hood open. After another quarter of an hour or so, have a look at your engine cooling system. If you can make it home, do so. Otherwise wait until your engine cools or call a tow truck. You’re going to have to inspect your engine cooling system for signs of damage. Inspect your radiator, radiator hoses, thermostat, and fan belt. Repair or replace damaged component/s if there are any. Possible Cause: Worn carburetor or dying power circuit or accelerator pump. Possible Solution: Inspect your carburetor and its nearby components for signs of damage. Make the necessary reparations and replacements if needed. You may have to replace your actual carburetor or its accelerator pump. Possible Cause: Low pressure coming from your fuel pressure regulator. Possible Solution: While replacing a fuel pressure regulator should be generally left to professional mechanics, what you can do is inspect your regulator for signs of damage. You can do this by checking your fuel pressure using a great fuel pressure gauge. Possible Cause: Malfunctioning alternator. The alternator is the part of your vehicle that keeps your car’s battery in tiptop shape. Aside from keeping your battery charged, this auto unit also provides power to your vehicle’s numerous electrical units and accessories. Possible Solution: Replace your alternator if needed. Read the rest of this entry  1 Comment | auto part replacement , Automobile Information , Car Maintenance , Car Repair , Detecting Auto Problem , Engine Parts , Frankie Says | Permalink Posted by autofrankie  Previous Entries a Select Category AC Condenser(1) Auto Enhancements(1) Auto Lights(1) auto part replacement(43) Auto Parts Shopping(6) Autofrankie News(3) Automobile Information(62) battery(6) Brakes(4) Car Maintenance(92) Bumper(1) Engine Parts(17) Car Repair(38) Car windows(1) Carburetor(1) Catalytic Converter(2) Cold Air Intake(4) Coolants(1) Detecting Auto Problem(58) Door Handles(1) Frankie Says(50) Oil Pump(1) Radiator hose(2) Spark Plugs(3) Spoilers(1) Struts(1) Suspension(2) Tail lights(1) Tires(1) Train Horns(1) transmission(1) Uncategorized(8) Wiper blades(2) Top Posts Addressing Auto Problems: Ignition Key Refuses to Turn How to Recharge a Dead Battery Car Maintenance 101: Diagnosing Your Car’s Steering Problems (Part II) Car Maintenance 101: Flushing your Vehicle’s Cooling System Car Maintenance 101: Checking your Rotor and Distributor Cap Top Ten Common Radiator Problems for Older Vehicles Addressing Auto Problems: How to Check for a Stuck Thermostat and Avoid Overheating Car Maintenance 101: Diagnosing Your Car’s Steering Problems Car Maintenance 101 | Removing Rust from Your Vehicle Auto Tune-Ups: DIY: What You Need and What You Need to Remember When Tuning Your Auto Recent Comments autofrankie on Addressing Auto Problems: Igni autofrankie on Winter Reminders for Every Dri autofrankie on Car Maintenance 101: Troublesh autofrankie on Winter Reminders for Every Dri Winter Reminders for on Auto Tune-Ups: Is Your Vehicle Auto Resources Cheap Insurance Auto Safety Stats Archives December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 Garage Days August 2013 M T W T F S S  Dec  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Personal Thanks I just want to give a personal thanks to all those who continue to comment and contribute valuable information to this blog. You have been a huge help in adding to the helpfulness of the blog and many people appreciate you as well. The Contempt Theme . Blog at WordPress.com . Auto Mechanic | Auto Mechanic Repair and Maintenance Tips Blog at WordPress.com . The Contempt Theme . Follow Follow Auto Mechanic | Auto Mechanic Repair and Maintenance Tips Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.  Powered by WordPress.com Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel  