Aug. 27th 2013 Today's Paper Weather 78 F Traffic Surf Subscribe/Login  News Local Topics Communities North County Nation World Watchdog Obituaries  Close  News Rep. Hunter urges support of Syrian militia Business Biotech Economy Energy Growth Real Estate Retail Technology Tourism  Close  Business Blame Obamacare for part-time job rise? U-T TV Watch Live Shows Personalities Channels Recurring Segments  Close    U-T TV    Watch Live Now!  Military U-T in Afghanistan WWII  Close  Military More Pacific goodwill missions to come? U-T Offers Daily Deals Contests Coupons Newspaper Ads U-T Rewards  Close  U-T Offers Up to 53% Off San Diego Padres Tickets - 3 Seating Options Real Estate Homes for Sale Open Homes Foreclosures Mortgages Rentals Commercial Place an Ad New Homes  Close    Industry Update    Model Grand Opening at Contempo this Saturday, July 13th – SWEET TREATS CUPCAKE GIVEAWAY TO FIRST 150 GUESTS   Sports Chargers / NFL Padres / MLB Aztecs Toreros Xolos / Soccer High School / Preps  Close  Sports Max Starks fighting for roster spot Entertainment Events DiscoverSD Dining & Drinking Music Performing Arts Arts & Culture Lifestyle Things To Do  Close  Entertainment Mischief a musical-theater rarity Video News Sports Chargers Padres Entertainment  Close  Video Borrego springs Storm 2013 Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Steve Breen Seeing Red  Close  Opinion How to submit letters, commentaries to the U-T Classifieds Jobs Merchandise Legal Pets Place an Ad Obituaries  Close  Cars Sell Your Car Buy a Car Research Cars Finance Find a Dealer  Close  86 New Articles       We've updated our privacy policy  News Car culture sees decals as mobile memorials Window stickers pay tribute to loved ones By  Steve Schmidt 12:45 a.m. May 3, 2010  Print  Save  Comments  -  Victor Lopez applied a personal decal — a Chargers bolt — to the rear window of his car as a tribute to his deceased father, a devoted Chargers fan.    David Brooks / UNION-TRIBUNE    -  Comments  Victor Lopez (left) and Teo Garcia both have given memorial decals to family members and friends. The decals were made at the Miramar sign shop where Garcia works.   David Brooks / Union-Tribune  Teo Garcia wore black pants and a black shirt to his father’s funeral. He figured that’s just what people do in the grip of a loss so great. Things had been rocky between them at times, but still the son grieved. Wearing black was one way to show it. Sticking a decal on his car was another. Four years after his father’s death, Garcia keeps a large decal on the rear window of his Chevy Malibu that reads: “Teodoro Garcia Sr., 5/25/52-12/21/06, ‘Peace Be With You Pops.’ ” He handed out dozens of similar stickers to family and friends at the funeral. Garcia, who made the decals while working at a Miramar sign shop, said the rolling memorial “helps me remember the good things about him, the good times. I need that.” Southern Californians have always had deep relationships with their vehicles. The four-wheeled contraptions aren’t just a way to get from Point A to Point B. For many, the car is a toy, sanctuary or way to announce to the world that “this is who we are.” So perhaps it’s not strange that sedans, SUVs and pickups also have become forums for displaying sadness, for showing familial bonds, for paying tribute to the departed. “To the extent that cars are a central part of our life, it makes sense,” said Nicholas Christenfeld, a professor of psychology at the University of California San Diego. “Cars are now just mobile living rooms, family rooms, kitchens … and the symbols of mourning that one might have confined to one’s house can now be displayed on one’s car.” Owners of sign and automotive custom shops in San Diego County said the sale of personalized memorial decals has become a steady part of their business. Janel Eaton, owner of Decalifornia Designs in Escondido, said customers began asking for the decals about six years ago. Now she gets online orders for 20 to 40 of them at a time, at $6.99 to $10.95 each. Custom Decals of El Cajon receives orders for several hundred at a time, often from people who have lost a friend or loved one in a vehicle accident. The shop caters to the region’s sizable off-roading community and donates many stickers. Manager Joel Miner said the decals help keep life in perspective, impressing on motorists and off-roaders that “it’s not all just fun and games.” “I definitely see a lot of them around,” he said. “They are more common than you’d like to see.” Victor Lopez of San Diego, whose father died last fall, spent $25 last week on 10 decals made by Modern Image Signworks in Miramar, where Garcia, 31, is a production manager. Each decal includes his father’s name, Oscar Lopez, the dates of his birth and death and a symbol of his favorite sports team — a blue-and-gold Chargers bolt. “He was a die-hard Charger fan,” his son said. Oscar Lopez — father of four and nighttime stock clerk at a grocery store — died during a family gathering in November after a sudden brain aneurysm. He was 63. Page: 1 2  Steve Schmidt East  South County  Read Articles More from Steve Schmidt David Moye, La Mesas wizard of weird, works the wilder side Wednesday report: The latest from East County Tuesday report: The latest from East County - Comments Be relevant, respectful, honest, discreet and responsible. Commenting Rules Related Trending   WINDSHIELD ID DECALS TO BE DITCHED BY NAVY    Say farewell to Navy windshield decals    Please dont feed our bums    The carlet letter? NJ tags new drivers with decal    Artwork getting in on the action  Loading... Connect with the U-T      Sign Up for Email Alerts  Get Mobile. U-T in the App Store  News Sports Business Entertainment U-T TV U-T Video Military Opinion U-T Offers Classifieds Real Estate Cars U-T San Diego Contact Us Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Subscription Terms  Conditions Newspaper in Education Connect with the U-T      Sign Up for Email Alerts Help Customer Service Manage Subscription Vacation Stop Quick Links Apps Mobile E-edition Guides Archives Buy U-T Photo Business Listings Special Ad Sections Forums Crossword Sudoku Horoscope Gas Prices Lottery WSRadio U-T San Diego Upgrade your browsing experience with a paid subscription to the U-T. Subscribe  1995-2013 The San Diego Union-Tribune, LLC | An MLIM Company | All Rights Reserved | 350 Camino de la Reina, San Diego, CA 92108 | Site by Mindgruve