 Skip to content   Close  University of Nevada, Las Vegas A-Z Index | Directories Quick Links Libraries Maps  Parking Bookstore Lotus Notes Rebel Mail Rebel Card Web Campus MyUNLV       Future StudentsCurrent StudentsAlumniFaculty/StaffDonorsCommunityCurrent Students Home Future Students Current Students Alumni Faculty/Staff Donors Community About UNLV Academics Admissions Athletics Employment Libraries Maps  Parking Research College of Fine Arts UNLV Home  Fine Arts Home Fine Arts Home About Admissions Academic Units Academic Programs Learning Objectives Advising Community Programs UNLV Artsbridge Hall of Fame In the News Support the College Venues Contact Celebrate the 2013 Solar Decathlon Team Join Team Las Vegas Solar Decathlon 2013 for a send-off celebration as they embark on the final leg of their journey to the US Dept. of Energy Solar Decathlon 2013 in Irvine, CA! More info   Architecture Library Architecture Studies Library located in the Paul B. Sogg School of Architecture. A desert-sensitive building, the Sogg Architecture Building contains loft-type design studios, computer labs, shops for models and materials, and offices.  Barrick Museum The Marjorie Barrick Museum, located in the heart of the UNLV campus, has newly renovated exhibition halls that speak to the new association with the College of Fine Arts and a fresh focus on the art of our time.  Donna Beam Gallery The Donna Beam Fine Art Gallery hosts a diverse schedule of changing exhibitions throughout the year. Whether one-person shows, group shows, theme shows or competitions, the exhibits feature work by regionally and nationally recognized contemporary artists as well as UNLV faculty and students.  Film Studio The UNLV department of film offers students the exciting opportunity to study film in the heart of Las Vegas, The Entertainment Capital of the World.  Events Aug. 27 Art Exhibition: Diversified Aug. 28 *Convocation Aug. 31 *Junior Recital - Luigi Ng, percussion Sep. 4 *Faculty Recital - Nathan Swain, oboe Sep. 9 Visiting Artist Lecture Series: Llyn Foulkes More events  News UNLV Department of Film Presents Midnight Treasures Screening Series at Galaxy Luxury+ Theatres UNLV Performing Arts Center Announces 2013-2014 Season UNLV Architecture Professor Randall Stout Featured in L.A. Museum of Contemporary Art Nevada Entertainer/Artist Hall of Fame at UNLV Inducts New Honorees College of Fine Arts Announces Awards More news  Buy Tickets Performing Arts Center  Nevada Conservatory Theatre   Featured Sites Business Leaders  Entrepreneurs News Center Safety  Emergency Preparedness UNLV Ambassadors Gua Para Padres Visit UNLV  Accommodations on Campus Campus Tours Driving Directions Maps  Parking Photo Gallery Follow Us  YouTube Facebook Twitter RSS Contact UNLV  University of Nevada, Las Vegas 4505 S. Maryland Pkwy. Las Vegas, NV 89154 Phone: 702-895-3011 Las Vegas 81 Produced by UNLV Web Communications |  2013 University of Nevada, Las Vegas Website Feedback 