  × × Welcome! Welcome Back! Thanks for being a frequent visitor to azdailysun.com . You have now viewed of your FREE premium pages this 30-day period. After you have viewed FREE pages, we will ask you to purchase a subscription. To Continue reading, follow these steps: 1 2 1. Choose your subscription. Limited Time Offer Digital Only $0.99 /month 99 1st month, introductory rate ($9.00 after) Print Subscriber .99c Trial Offer 1 Month introductory rate ($2.00 after) $0.99 /month  Need Help? Call: 877.810.7370 Already have digital access? Sign in to your account. Please Wait Need Help? Call: 877.810.7370  Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Subscriber Services Contact Us Search Archives More Mobile Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  68 Scattered Clouds Weekly Forecast Wednesday 75 50 Thursday 74 52 Friday 68 51 Saturday 70 50 sponsored by Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home News Topics Blogs Local Business CrimeandCourts Education State National World Environment Weird Weather Photos/Videos The Latest Sedona trails planning meeting Thursday The future of forest trails in and around Sedona and Oak Creek will be the topic of a discussion Thursday in Sedona. Another flash flood watch day for Flagstaff Flagstaff and much of the northwestern part of the state remains under a flash flood watch today. Recent Sunset for solar? APS proposal threatens sustainability Flagstaff region sees minor flooding inside, outside city Flagstaff Trailheads: Maps make the hike Flagstaff wildlife feeding ban gets 5-2 vote Police log Tuesday Calendar Feds: Wandering wolves won't be relocated Ex-UofA student resentenced in roomate's death Sports Topics HighSchool NAULumberjacks College CommunitySports The Latest He’s the man Kyren Poe is named the Lumberjacks starting quarterback four days before NAU opens the season at Arizona. Northland Prep soccer ready for 2013 fall season Northland Preparatory Academy is the only show in Flagstaff when it comes to high school fall soccer. Recent NAU football names starting quarterback NAU soccer beats Lamar in home opener NAU special teams a big part of 2013 season High Country Running: Olympian: Picnic epitomized Flag running Lumberjacks soccer blanks Long Beach State Page beats Tuba City in opener NAU women's soccer opens with win over Long Beach State Lumberjacks secondary looking to dominate Opinion Columnists OurView EditorsColumn LetterstotheEditor Submitaletter Obituaries Lifestyles Announcements Food Health Home Outdoors Pets Religion Entertainment ArtsandTheatre NightLife Movies Books Music Calendar Get It! Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Breaking News Another flash flood watch day for Flagstaff  Hot Topics Potash in the park: Miners survey deposits around Petrified Forest Moving day for prairie dogs Not so little anymore Digging in: Shultz burn area flood work half done Flagstaff's roadside dead pines tip scales in favor of cinders CHARGE IT: Spending heavy, oversight lax for some Coconino County supervisors The next Whiskey Row? Medical marijuana legal at Last Do NOT go to jail Unmarried, with children Home / Entertainment / Books and Literature Bigger than life  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email  Buy Now Buy Now  2010-04-18T05:20:00Z Bigger than life BETSEY BRUNER Arts & Culture Editor Arizona Daily Sun April 18, 2010 5:20 am  BETSEY BRUNER Arts & Culture Editor (0) Comments Related Galleries Northern Arizona Book Festival 2010 Winnie Ruth Judd, the so-called "trunk murderess," was convictedin Arizona of first-degree murder in 1932 and released from a statemental hospital in 1971. Before her death in 1998, Judd spent some time socializing withJana Bommersbach, an award-winning investigative journalist andcolumnist, who wrote "The Trunk Murderess: Winnie Ruth Judd," anonfiction book about the infamous case. During one Christmas party Judd attended at the author's home inPhoenix, Bommersbach found a wrapped gift under the tree given toher by Judd. It contained the front-door key to the Arizona State MentalHospital in Phoenix, where Judd had spent decades after a younglawyer in Florence saved her from a sentence of death by declaringher insane. Judd had been given the key by an unnamed but sympathetic femaleat the hospital and had used it to escape seven times, before beingfound and brought back, sometimes after several years. "She no longer had to hold onto it," said Bommersbach, speakingabout the key to a mesmerized audience Saturday afternoon at the13th annual Northern Arizona Book Festival in the auditorium at theCoconino Center for the Arts. ALL TOGETHER, READING Bommersbach called her work the book that "just keeps giving,and giving, and giving," as it was recently republished by PoisonedPen Press of Scottsdale, after it was originally published by Simon Schuster in the fall of 1992. "The Trunk Murderess" was also selected to be part of One BookArizona 2010, a program started in 2002 and coordinated by theArizona State Library, Archives and Public Records, which hasreaders across the state reading the same books. "I hope that everyone knows what One Book Arizona is, because itis one of the statewide efforts to get us all to be neighbors," shecommented before her talk. "There are few things in this state thatmake us all Arizonans." Bommersbach, who is halfway through a 26-stop tour for One Book,said she was thrilled her book was chosen and to have a chance totalk "about this book that is so near and dear to my heart." The author said she has been in all the libraries inArizona. "I've been meeting all these great people," she said during abreak. "It's been revitalizing to my spirits." HISTORY JUST WRONG Her book recounting the Judd case is about "justice andinjustice," she explained to the audience. "History was just wrong; she wasn't guilty of what they said shewas," Bommersbach said. "This was a great story of the injustice ofpowerful men taking advantage of a powerless woman." She said there has long been an automatic system in Arizona thatwhen a case was done, it went to the archives. "I was able to reconstruct this story 60 years after ithappened," she said. "The only way I could write this book wasbecause of the archives we have in our libraries. In any state inthis country, I couldn't have written this story." She said the story is still unfolding, like the detail about thekey. "In those years since I first wrote that book, I've had littletidbits come through," she said. "Maybe we need to add anotherchapter to this book." WEALTH OF INFORMATION Bommersbach shared the one-hour festival time slot withFlagstaff novelist Margaret Erhart, who read selections from herfifth novel, "The Butterflies of the Grand Canyon." Erhart, like Bommersbach, said she had to do a great deal ofresearch for her novel. "This book was set in 1951, and I certainly wasn't born in1951," Erhart said. "But I had a wealth of information here inCline Library. They had letters and historical sources about peoplewho are in this book." Elzada Clover, a real-life botanist, became a sleuth -- "agumshoe in my book. I would like to put out a huge thank you toCline Library and also the museum at the Grand Canyon," Erhartadded. Although the festival occupied only one day this year, JamesJay, NABF executive director, said more than 70 people attendedeach of the first two sessions of the day, both with high schoolpoets, which was "on track" for festival high-school events. "It's moving along absolutely wonderfully on this lovely day,"Jay said before the Bommersbach talk. "The readers have been great.It's been as beautiful inside here at the Coconino Center for theArts as it is gorgeous outside." Betsey Bruner can be reached at bbruner@azdailysun.com or556-2255. View (0) Comments No Comments Posted. Add Comment You must Login to comment. Click here to get an account it's free and quick More Books and Literature stories Thin Air Magazine looking for breathing room Publishers Weekly 'Lie Still' mixes a satirical setting with a serious issue A midsummer night's 'Star Wars' Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 Arizona Daily Sun. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.  Local advertising by PaperG Get-It! Featured Businesses LeeLocal - Flagstaff Flagstaff Apartment Locator Westside Veterinary Clinic Physical Therapy by Larson Rehab Find a local business I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory . Most Popular Articles Comments Facebook Arias lawyers want Twitter accounts of new jurors Police log FUTS fracas sets example Serial rape suspect indicted on 14 counts Deputies arrest pair in Mountainaire home invasion Bear precautions urged as number of encounters rise New NAU campus food truck gets green light Rape suspect faces 14 counts Coconino Voices: Wolves deserve wider range (14)  FUTS fracas sets example (13)  Limited government key to solid growth (8)  Flagstaff beekeeper Dennis Arp is losing up to 30% of his hives to a disease-carrying mite (8)  Low-wage workers costing U.S. plenty (4)  Two men file lawsuit over medical marijuana (4)  Police log (4)  Sen. Flake to give way on budget (4)   Top Ads Cars Jobs   Check Out More About Us Contact Us Flag Live! Mountain Living Career Opportunities  Copyright 2013, Arizona Daily Sun , 1751 S. Thompson Flagstaff, AZ | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Flagstaff Apartments Flagstaff Attorneys Flagstaff Auto Dealers Flagstaff Auto Parts Flagstaff Auto Repair Flagstaff Beauty Salons Flagstaff Car Rental Flagstaff Dentists Flagstaff Doctors Flagstaff Flowers Flagstaff Hotels Flagstaff Insurance Flagstaff Loans Flagstaff Mortgages Flagstaff Movers Flagstaff Pizza Flagstaff Realtors Flagstaff Restaurants Flagstaff Storage Flagstaff Tax Preparation Flagstaff Travel More Flagstaff Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, Arizona Daily Sun. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with azdailysun.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: azdailysun.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 11:20:32 am 