 Skip to main content  Search form Search Join Our Mailing List Join Our Mailing List Download the Visitor Guide  Visitors  Residents Meeting Planners Group Tour Planners Become a Member You are here Home » Activities  Attractions Arts  Entertainment Lets go out! Nightlife in Central Massachusetts is an eclectic experience. Great music, food and drink come together to formulate an enjoyable night out on the town. Local musicians give the area a lively beat, and are a staple of our culture. Fine art is abound, and can be enjoyed not only in our renowned fine art museums, but also in the structure of our towns and cities. The influential hand that our artists have had on Central Massachusetts is undeniable. Enjoy your night out with us, here in Central Massachusetts.  Cultural Center at Eagle Hill 242 Old Petersham Road, PO Box 116, Hardwick, MA 01037 - (413) 477-6746 The Cultural Center at Eagle Hill is an exciting $15 million performing arts and events center in the heart of rural central Massachusetts, with a 463-seat proscenium theater, 80-seat studio theater, 500-seat function hall, gallery, and classroom spaces. Since its inception, The Center has become cherished by thousands of visitors as the local place to connect to the arts and to each other, presenting myriad arts, education, and community events each season. DCU Center- Arena and Convention Center 50 Foster St, Worcester, MA 01608 - (508) 755-6800 The DCU Center is the largest regional convention center that will accommodate a 50 person gathering to a 15,000 person concert or event. This state-of-the-art facility, boasts over 100,310 sq ft of exhibit space and on site catering in a central Worcester location. All major New England cities are within a one-hour drive. The facility hosts conventions, concerts, sporting events, family shows, trade shows, meetings and banquets. The facility is owned by the City of Worcester, managed by SMG and is the proud home of its professional hockey team, the Worcester Sharks. The Sharks are the American Hockey League affiliated franchise of the San Jose Sharks. Greater Worcester Tickets , , - 508-579-1963 www.GreaterWorcestertickets.com  is your ticket for a great time! They have access to all New England events, all venues nationwide and most sold out events!  Entertainment: Concerts, Theater, Broadway, Vegas.  Sports: Bruins, Celtics, Patriots, Red Sox and Play-offs.  No Hidden Fees.  All Tickets FedEx delivery.   Use promo code "Worcester" for 7% off your purchase.  Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts 2 Southbridge St, Worcester, MA 01608 - (877) 571-7469 The Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts, is a 2,300 seat state-of-the-art venue where historic preservation and award-winning renovation meet! Presenting Broadway tours straight from NY, world class concerts, national comedians, and popular family shows in the heart of Massachusetts, the Hanover is a true gem of arts and culture in downtown Worcester. Special Events and Venue Rentals: Consider your next special event or wedding in the splendor of this magnificent building... contact their special events coordinator at rental [at] thehanovertheatre [dot] org  for more info, Indian Ranch 200 Gore Rd, Webster, MA 01570 - (508) 943-3871 Indian Ranch is a resort entertainment venue situated along the shores of historic Webster Lake. It services weddings, banquets, corporate outings, concerts, festivals and much much more. Indian Ranch is also a full-service RV resort that services seasonal camping as well as overnight, weekly, and monthly guests. It is a 'pet-friendly' resort! Indian Ranch is located one hour from Boston, Providence, or Hartford and just one mile off interstate 395. A beautiful, lakeside, scenic venue so close to home! Mechanics Hall 321 Main St, Worcester, MA 01608 - (508) 752-5608 Mechanics Hall is recognized worldwide as an acoustical masterpiece. It hosts world-class performers, international classical orchestras, jazz legends, folk  acoustic heroes, and recording artists. Mechanics Hall also functions as a rental facility for special events, weddings and social gatherings. Music Worcester Inc./The Worcester Music Festival 323 Main St, Worcester, MA 01608 - (508) 754-3231 Since 1858 Music Worcester Inc. and The Worcester Music Festival has been bringing the best of music and dance to perform in the best venues in Worcester. Events include symphony orchestras, soloists, chamber ensembles, jazz, classical ballet, and opera including international artists, dance, music for kids, and young artist competitions. Music Worcester is a nonprofit cultural organization. Season of events runs from Oct-June. Tickets available online 24/7. QVCAH - The Arts Center 111 Main Street, Southbridge, MA 01550 - 508-764-3341 The Quinebaug Valley Council for the Arts and Humanities (QVCAH) is a non profit organization housed in the Historic "Grand Dame" Ammidown – Dresser mansion in downtown Southbridge - also known as "The Arts Center".  The Arts Center provides a place to perpetuate the arts and humanities for adults and children alike.  Gallery exhibits, lectures, workshops, classes, art classes, puppet shows, fashion, music and vibrant seasonal and annual events are offered to the public (most times for free or a nominal fee). QVCAH also provides a home for the Gateway Players Theatre, Inc. which welcomes thousands of audience members each year to the Gateway Barn and they give local intergenerational talent, an opportunity to perform on stage. The Arts Center is a unique venue available for rent for meetings, functions, weddings or social gatherings.  WICN 90.5 FM, Public Radio, Inc. 50 Portland St, Worcester, MA 01608 - 508-752-0700 New England's Jazz and Folk Station, featuring America's musical art forms with the significant focus on jazz. As Central New England's public radio station, providing a voice of the arts for Central New England, a venue for local and emerging artists to be heard over the air and streaming on the web. We produce and promote concerts to serve Central New England with world class artists.  Worcester Art Museum 55 Salisbury St, Worcester, MA 01609 - (508) 799-4406 The Worcester Art Museum, which opened to the public in 1898, is world renowned for its 35,000+ piece collection of paintings, sculpture, decorative arts, photography, prints, drawings, and new media. Art celebrates life at the museum. Accessible to all, the works span 5,000 years of art and culture ranging from ancient Roman mosaics to colonial silver, Impressionist paintings, and contemporary art. Dedicated to the promotion of art and art education, the Museum also offers a year round studio art and appreciation program that enrolls over 6000 adult and youth students each year. Specialty Shop: The Museum Shop at Worcester Art Museum offers a wide variety of merchandise inspired by art in the permanent collection and in museums worldwide. Find beautiful items to remember your visit or give as gifts. Browse the shelves where scores of just-right items will catch your eye. From note cards, framed and matted prints, silk scarves and ties, umbrellas, decorative boxes to an irresistible collection of tree ornaments, picture frames, glassware, pottery, purses, clocks, and art inspired jewelry and watches to complement any outfit. Our children's selection of gifts encourages learning, laughter and play. Baby toys, children's books, art-making kits, puzzles and games will please any child. Cafe: Whether you're visiting the Museum's galleries or stopping in just for lunch, The Museum Café is sure to pleasantly surprise. Choose from a delectable selection of appetizers, soups, salads, sandwiches, entrées and desserts. Dine indoors or experience one of Worcester's few outdoor courtyard cafes. Reservations for parties of eight or more may be made by calling 508.799.4406 x3068. ADD MATISSE, REMBRANDT AND MONET TO THE GUEST LIST - A WORLD CLASS VENUE FOR YOUR EVENT. Wedding Receptions and Ceremonies | Holiday Parties | Cocktail Receptions | Corporate and Team Building Events. The Museum makes available, on a rental basis, the use of its magnificent architectural spaces and galleries. World-renowned for its collections which span more than fifty centuries, the Museum features must-see masterpieces spanning the globe. What better site in which to host your historic event! Private events in the Renaissance Court may begin after 5:45pm on Wednesday through Sunday. Events in The Museum Café may begin after 4:00pm Wednesday through Saturday, or anytime Sunday. All venues are available for rental any time on Monday and Tuesday. For business and social events, the Museum offers three approved caterers which have extensive experience with the Museum spaces and present delectable and artfully displayed cuisine. You will need to contact those outside caterers directly for menu options, pricing and availability. In conjunction with your event, we encourage you to take advantage of our docent-led or self- guided tours of selected galleries. The fees for these options vary depending on the galleries of interest and number of guests. Please ask for more details. World-renowned for its collections which span more than fifty centuries, the Museum features must-see masterpieces spanning the globe from ancient mosaics to contemporary art. Experience a diverse world of art and ideas through antiquities, paintings, prints, photographs, sculptures and decorative arts. From concept to completion, our staff is highly experienced in every aspect of event planning, and will work with you to ensure your occasion is unique and truly memorable. What better site in which to host your special event! The Museum Café is also available for rental. Please call 508-793-4327 or e-mail specialevents [at] worcesterart [dot] org for more information.  About Central Massachusetts Calendar of Events Special Interest Trip Ideas Special Offers  Coupons Accommodations Activities  Attractions Tours  Itineraries Amusement Parks Arts  Entertainment Live Music/Entertainment Movie Theaters Special/Annual Events Farms  Orchards Historic Sites Microbreweries  Distilleries Museums  Galleries Parks, Nature  Wildlife Shopping Sports  Recreation Tourist Attractions Unique Sights Zoos Convention  Event Facilities Dining Services Transportation Weddings About the Bureau Media Center Member Information Contact Us       Calendar of Events What's going on in Central Massachusetts? Check itout! Find events... Savings for Kids, Seniors, Grandparents at OSV in September! Special Interest Trips Our region is filled with many exciting cultures to explore! Find trip ideas… LGBT Tourism in Central MA Places to Stay So many wonderful places to stay in Central Mass! Find places to stay… Chocksett Inn  Restaurant Attractions Countless attractions await in the heart of the state! Find things to do… Nashoba Valley Winery  91 Prescott Street | Worcester, MA 01605 508-755-7400 | 866-755-7439 | fax 508-754-2703 | marketing [at] worcester [dot] org Copyright ©2013, Central Massachusetts Convention and Visitors Bureau Privacy Policy Activity ID: 1338840Activity Name: Central MassachusettsActivity Group Name: CEOC-MAGMCM13 Start of DoubleClick Floodlight Tag: Please do not removeActivity name of this tag: Central MassachusettsURL of the webpage where the tag is expected to be placed: http://www.centralmass.org/This tag must be placed between the  and  tags, as close as possible to the opening tag.Creation Date: 06/13/2013  