                     News Site Sign In   My Marketwire Account Marketwire Resonate News Dashboard 2.0  Mediahub  Personal Beat Hot Off the Wire Register Franรงais Marketwired Blog  Careers Contact Marketwired MAP, Powered by Sysomos Heartbeat, Powered by Sysomos Marketwired Reports Marketwired Distribute  Distribution  Channels   Global Newslines   Trade Media   Specialty Media Custom Lists  Disclosure, Regulatory Filing & XBRL   Webcasts and Conference Calls   XBRL   EDGAR Filing Services   SEDAR Filing Services   UK Regulatory Filing Services Marketwired Impress Marketwired Mediahub Editorial  and Translation SEO, Social  Media and Multimedia Social  Media 2.0 Releases Embedded  Photos and Videos Distribution Reporting Marketwired Resonate All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Marketwired Blog Small Business Blog Case Studies Webinars Emerging Media Investor Relations and  Disclosure Marketing  and  Communications Strategies Measurement and ROI Media  and Blogger Relations Media Monitoring Public Relations and  Corporate PR Search Engine Optimization Social Media  News Room  Email Print Friendly  Share SOURCE: Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. May 01, 2012 10:00 ET Seven Arts Entertainment Announces Television and Digital Releases of "The Pool Boys" and "Drunkboat" LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwire - May 1, 2012) - Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. (NASDAQ: SAPX) ("Seven Arts" or the "Company") announced today that it has licensed United States pay television rights to its film " The Pool Boys" to HBO, through the Company's distributor Entertainment One, and is licensing the English pay television rights to " The Pool Boys" to BSkyB. The Company also announced the digital premiere of its film " Drunkboat" through Warner Bros. Digital on July 18, 2012 and is licensing the English pay television rights to " Drunkboat " to BSkyB. " Drunkboat" will be theatrically released by the Company in June, 2012. "The Pool Boys" is the hilarious new comedy from the makers of " American Pie ." Starring Matthew Lillard, Brett Davern, Efren Ramirez, Rachel LeFevre and Tom Arnold, the film chronicles the playful mischief that results when a pool boy and a gardener and some women practicing the world's oldest profession throw a massive party in the empty home of one of their clients. "Drunkboat" is the new tragi-comedy from playwright/director Bob Meyer, starring John Malkovich, John Goodman and Dana Delany. " Drunkboat" tells the story of Mort Gleason (Malkovich), who returns to the family home where his sister (Delany) is raising her young son, who is in the thrall of an unscrupulous boat salesman (Goodman). Both powerful and touching, this film tells the story of a young man's dreams of sailing the world and an older man's reconciliation with his family. Seven Arts' CEO Peter Hoffman stated: "We continue to build the digital and television licensing of our films, directly and through our distributors. We believe this revenue will be an important contribution to our financial results in future periods." About Seven Arts Entertainment Inc.: Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. is the successor to Seven Arts Pictures Plc, which was founded in 2002 as an independent motion picture production and distribution company engaged in the development, acquisition, financing, production and licensing of theatrical motion pictures for exhibition in domestic (i.e., the United States and Canada) and foreign theatrical markets, and for subsequent worldwide release in other forms of media, including home video and pay and free television. Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made under the Safe Harbor Provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated.  Contact Information Contact: Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. Peter Hoffman 323-273-3080 phoffman@7artspictures.com  Email Print Friendly  Share News Room    View Related News About this company Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. From this industry Media and Entertainment Professional Services From this sub-industry Movies/Music Videos Music and Radio Television Investor Relations  See all RSS Newsfeeds    About Marketwired Site Map Privacy US: 1.800.774 _ .9473 Canada: 1.888.299 _ .0338 UK: +44.20.7220 _ .4500  Follow Marketwired     2013 Marketwire, Incorporated. All rights reserved.  