 Cobalt Login Menu Search Log in to DCC Solutions Dealer Insights Why Cobalt Programs Support  Training  Search Print Share Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Careers  Culture Contact Phone 800-909-8244 Click to Call Solutions Dealer Insights Why Cobalt Programs Support  Training Menu Overview Success Stories About Us Marketing Services Careers  Culture Awards Partners Login Menu Overview Success Stories About Us Marketing Services Careers  Culture Awards Partners Login Careers  Culture  Great Ideas Winand they can Come from Anywhere At Cobalt, you can make a difference from day one. From our office-free environment, to our colorful teaming areas, to the spirited discussions heard daily among employees of every level, one thing sets us apart: great ideas win, and they can come from anywhere. We run on reason, not red tape. If you can make a case, you can make a change, and were looking for people who care enough to do both. Simply put? If youve got it, bring it. Apply Now Careers Join Our Team Learn more about Working at Cobalt Life at Cobalt Cobalt and the Community The cool story behind our meeting room names Learn about Company History If I got hit by a bus tomorrow, my team could function without me. Im proud of that. Max Steckler Vice President of Advertising See Why Employees Love Working at Cobalt Every Day ONE Question Birthday surprises, mysterious valentines, and green tea – We asked Cobaltians one  Birthday surprises, mysterious valentines, and green tea  We asked Cobaltians one question, and some of their answers even surprised us! What was the question? You have to watch to find out! Watch Video Top 10 Reasons You Should Work at Cobalt # 10 Paid transit passes help the environment and the employee’s pocketbook. # 9 Killer sunsets # 8 Inspirational Meeting Rooms # 7 Great work life balance. # 6 Free Monster Hugs # 5 Super-supportive management # 4 Smells like team spirit # 3 The freedom to dream big and explore your ideas. # 2 Work that’s real and rewarding and the Number 1 reason for working at Cobalt # 1 THE FREEDOM OF A STARTUP WITH THE RESOURCES OF A RENOWNED GLOBAL COMPANY. View all 10 reasons to work at Cobalt! Where Agility Meets Stability When you work at Cobalt, you get every job-hunter’s dream combo: agility and stability. What does this mean? It means you have the freedom to dream up innovative ideas and the resources to make them a reality. Because Cobalt is the digital marketing arm of ADP, our employees enjoy the fast-paced, creative environment that gets them out of bed in the morning, along with the job security to sleep well at night. Watch our Cobalt developers (known as the Dream Team) share how Cobalt is the best of both worlds. Apply Now The Dream Team  Launch, Test, Repeat Cobaltians are empowered to take leaps of faith in the name of new technology.  View More Cobalt TV Dynamic Merchandising = The Ultimate Aim-Changer What's it really mean to be "dynamic" online? Learn how you can interact ... Are Dealers Aiming at the Right Digital Targets? #WhatReallySellsCars What are the best metrics to use to measure your dealerships  How Carter Motors Group Became #1 with "Why Buy" Messaging Discover the power of "why buy" messaging with this webinar featuring Jennifer Moran, Executive Manager of Carter Motors Group. View More The Wire basic-article August 26, 2013 GM Pays to Make Dealers Sites Smarter Read More basic-event September 12, 2013 Master Your Marketing Mix Read More basic-article July 31, 2013 Cobalt Receives IAB Certification Read More Learn About ProCare Learn About Digital Advertising Learn About Advertising  Home About Us Careers  Culture News  Press Privacy Contact Us Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Column 1 Solutions Overview Advertising Search Marketing Reputation Management Websites  Mobile Reporting  Analytics Marketing Services Owner Marketing Social Media Other Dealer Services Column 2 Dealer Insights Dashboard Industry Insights Cobalt TV Blog Events News  Press Why Cobalt Overview Success Stories About Us Marketing Services Careers  Culture Awards Partners Column 3 Programs Overview Dealer Groups Manufacturers Agencies Partners Support  Training Overview Support Cobalt University Column 4 Popular Searches Dealer Websites Auto Dealer Websites Automotive Marketing Auto Dealer Marketing Dealer Marketing Dealer Advertising Dealer Website Design Car Dealer Marketing Dealer SEO Automotive SEO Column 5 Popular Resources Automotive Blogs Auto Industry News Automotive Industry News Latest Automotive News Auto Dealer Marketing Dealer Marketing Solutions Dealer Marketing Support Dealership Marketing 800-909-8244 Get Started  ADP Dealer Services, Inc  