  We service most makes and models Welcome If you're in search of a dependable auto repair shop in Florida, the doctor is in! Dr. Brakes offers a comprehensive list of services -- for all major car makes and models -- at an affordable price. Browse our website to learn more about Dr. Brakes' auto repair and feel free to contact us if you have any questions. We accept all major credit cards Follow Dr. Brakes! We also buy used cars Give us a call for more details 954- 971-2343 Hours of operation Mon-Fri 8am - 5pm  Sat Closed  Sun 8am - 3pm 3109 West Atlantic Blvd Pompano Beach, Fl 33069 954-971-2343  Car & Auto Repair Service Dr. Brakes, which has been in the car repair business since 1994, is one of the most trustworthy auto repair shops in South Florida. Located in Pompano Beach, and servicing areas such as Boca Raton, Coral Springs, Margate, Coconut Creek and Fort Lauderdale, we take great pride in our auto repair service, and we always work hard to make sure that you will be happy with any repairs that we make on your vehicle. When you leave your vehicle for car repair in our shop, you know that you will be getting the best auto service around. Over the years, thousands of customers have left our auto repairs shop completely satisfied with their auto service. In addition, Dr. Brakes is an auto mechanic shop that works on all makes and models, and we will also deal with extended warranties. Plus our car repair shop is equipped with all of the latest technology and equipment so that we can properly diagnose your car. Dr. Brakes is an ASE certified auto repair service shop that is also insured and licensed by Florida, Broward County and Pompano Beach. In addition, our automotive repair mechanics all have many years of experience and training. We understand that you depend on your car so we make all efforts possible to minimize the time it takes to make your auto repair. Unlike some car shops, Dr. Brakes also offers a complimentary shuttle service while your car is in our shop for an auto repair. So if you are a resident of Boca Raton, Coral Springs, Pompano Beach, Coconut Creek, Margate or Fort Lauderdale, and you are looking to take your vehicle to the best car repair shop in South Florida, look no further than Dr. Brakes. We pride ourselves on being one of the best car maintenance shops in South Florida and strive to maintain that reputation by always providing you with excellent auto repair service. Sitemap Dr. Brakes serves Boca Raton - Coconut Creek - Coral Springs - Pompano Beach - Fort Lauderdale – Margate (South Florida) 