 Autos.com Certified Pre Owned  Home Car Buying Certified Pre Owned What Does a Certified Pre Owned Warranty Usually Cover What Does a Certified Pre Owned Warranty Usually Cover  If you are contemplating purchasing a car with a certified pre owned warranty attached to it, you may have more options than you would think. A CPO warranty is an attractive feature of a car, used or not. Certified pre owned cars may come with a comprehensive limited warranty. It is not a continuation of the cars original warranty. Rather, it is a limited warranty that nonetheless may cover a lot. Depending on the vehicle, the CPO warranty will not offer complete bumper to bumper coverage, but it will guarantee against faulty parts and workmanship in certain areas of the car. A car manufacturer will have very specific terms of coverage, so you should be aware of exactly what is and is not covered by the CPO warranty you are considering. CPO Warranty Coverage As a rule, different car makers may have slightly different warranties, although the systems they do or do not cover are extremely similar. As mentioned, CPO warranties usually cover parts and labor for a specific list of components. Among them are the electrical system, air conditioning and heating system, fuel system and brake and ABS system. Also covered is the transmission, engine, suspension, steering and the drive assembly. It would seem to be a complete powertrain warranty, but you have to look at what a CPO warranty does not cover in order to gain a complete understanding of its worth. What Is Not Covered General wear and tear, body and interior, accessories and items involved in standard car upkeep are not covered by a CPO warranty. This includes but is not limited to the areas of the engine, transmission, belts, fluids, batteries, lubricants, brake pads, rotors, shoes and drums. Tires, the exhaust system and elements of the suspension system are also not covered. So even though the engine may fall into the coverage category, many of its components are not covered. The same is true with just about every other system in the car. The warranty is meant to cover general failure of a system but not necessarily the breakdown of a particular part. For this reason you should understand fully what the warranty covers on your certified pre owned vehicle. It may not be worth the price you pay for it. Conditions Warranties become more expensive as a car ages. If the car you are considering purchasing is of a certain age, the warranty may not be worth the money. If you are interested, however, in a CPO warranty, keep in mind that it may come with several additional conditions. These may include a handling charge. Much like an insurance deductible or a co-pay, you have to pay a fee each time you bring the car in for covered work. You can only use the repair facilities approved and provided by the manufacturer. Before you decide whether a CPO warranty is the right choice, look into what it does and does not cover. It may offer some benefit, but if it does not cover most of the little things that go wrong with a vehicle, it may not be worth it. And if you have a trusted independent mechanic, the warranty will not cover any work done at that shop. All of these considerations can help you decide if its worth it to spend the money on such a warranty.  Previous Article Next Article  Related Articles Where can You Buy Used Subaru Motors? Where can You Buy a Used Subaru Transmission? How is the Subaru Boxer Engine Different than Other Engines? What's the Easiest thing to do with BMW Engine Tuning? What is the most Common Reason for the Engine Light to be on in a BMW? What are the Most Common E46 BMW Engine Problems? Is CARFAX the Only Option for a Car Background Check? What Options are there for Audi Interior Trim? Who Offers the Lowest Prices for Audi Engine Parts Online? Which Models have the 4.2 Audi Engine? Topics in Car Buying Buy a Car Car Donation Car Finance Car Lease Car Shipping and Transport Car Warranty Certified Pre Owned Diesel Cars Gas Mileage Hybrid Cars New Car Buying Used Car Buying  Aftermarket Parts Auto Insurance Auto Loans Auto Repair Car Buying Car Maintenance Car Pricing Car Rentals Driving And Safety  Autos.com Affiliate Program Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Dealer Inquiries How Models are Ranked Tech Support Autos.com is an company. Copyright 2004-2010 Autos.com, Inc. About Us Search by Model Search by Class Home 