 Torah Reading: Nitzavim-Vayelech Join Our Newsletter DONATE Join 400,000 Aish subscribers GET EMAIL UPDATES Aish.com Español Français עברית Wallcam Ask the Rabbi MP3 Adv. Learning Shabbat Holocaust Israel Programs Aish Int'l Shop About Us Emails Donate Home Israel Current Issues Spirituality Family Dating Judaism 101 Torah Portion Holidays Jewlarious Video Jewlarious Jewish humor, arts and entertainment Dedicated in blessed memory of Richard Allen Julis who made us laugh and made us better Jews. Jewlarious Funny Stuff JTube Stars of David Art Smarts Cool Stuff Multimedia Jokes Comix Home  Jewlarious Tweet Rosh Hashanah Resolutions for the Entire World Jewlarious.com Staff I am The World. Here are my resolutions. Featured inJewlarious Charlie Roach An encounter with a nasty cockroach had me preparing for Rosh Hashanah. Jtube: Here Comes the Boom What have you achieved that once seemed impossible? Jew-Perstitions My favorite (OK weird) Jewperstitions. NSA Oy Vey Most embarrassing Jewish phone and email records gathered by the NSA. Jtube: Onion Special Report In what ways has society's sense of entitlement become skewed? BBQ 101 My sure fire tips for a successful barbecuing experience.  Get Clarity: Aish.com's Rosh Hashanah Music Video Fun, inspiring Rosh Hashanah music video to enjoy and share. The Heroism of Antoinette Tuff A lesson in speaking from the heart. Breaking the Procrastination Cycle This Rosh Hashanah, choose life and move beyond the four zones of procrastination. Features: Wall Camera Ask the Rabbi Online Seminars Shabbat Times Online Calendar Aish.com Books Hebrew Names & Birthdays Get a Study Partner See More  What to Do about Intermarriage Welcoming interfaith families is not enough. We need to help them transform themselves through Jewish life. Israel’s Freedom of Speech Muslims can speak more freely in Israel than in Egypt, Jordan and the PA. I Have a Dream Where is our dream today? Sections: Jewish World Israel Diary Middle East Media Objectivity Jerusalem See More  Dear Emuna: Uprooting the Kids My husband’s dream job requires moving. My kids say we’re ruining their lives. Are we? A Book for Elliot Spitzer Which one Jewish book would you choose for Elliot Spitzer? Q for Teens: Special Soul, Special Brother My mother just had a baby, and we found out he has Down’s Syndrome. I keep crying and crying. Sections: Society Salomon Says Weekly Video Blog Dear Emuna Q for Teens Arts Women Science & Medicine Business Ethics See More  5 Rules for Setting Goals How to make sure you stick to your resolutions this Rosh Hashanah. While Grandma Died A pre-emptive letter for when I reach old age. 5 Ways to Have a Blast on Rosh Hashanah How to get the most out of the High Holidays. Sections: Spiritual Odysseys Personal Growth Lori Almost Live! 48 Ways to Wisdom Kabbala 101 Foundations Prayer Daily Lift Philosophy Growing Each Day Pliskin Podcast See More  Talking to Kids about Rosh Hashanah Without lecturing and admonishing. 3 Ways You Can Save Your Friend's Marriage Really listen and don’t take sides. Cooking with Honey Celebrate the sweet new year in style. Sections: Mom with a View Parenting Marriage Ask Rabbi / Psychologist Heart of the Matter Rebbetzin Feige Cooking Corner Honoring Parents Dr. Mitzvah Stories See More  Dating Maze #386: Overweight and Under-Appreciated Why can’t guys get past the way I look? 5 Dating Resolutions for the New Year A guide to help you find your bashert this year. Dating Maze #385: Married and Friendless Now that I’m married, my single girlfriends are backing away. What happened? Sections: Dating Advice Dating Wisdom Jessica's Journal See More  Shabbat: God’s Perfect Universe Why we rest on Shabbat. ABC's of Bar/Bat Mitzvah A 7-point guide to the Jewish coming-of-age ceremony. Judaism and the 12-Step Program Foundations for attaining life-long recovery. Sections: Lifecycle The Bible Mitzvot Land of Israel Hebrew Holidays History Jews & Non-Jews Spirituality Philosophy Interpersonal See More  The Apology Factor Practical and relevant insights on the weekly parsha. Return Advanced-level midrashic and Kabbalistic illuminations on the weekly parsha. Be Strong and Brave Lessons, stories and discussion questions for parents and kids. Sections: This Week's Parsha All Parshas Shabbat Times Jewish Calendar See More  Rosh Hashanah Infographic All you need to know. Share it with friends and family! Rosh Hashanah Rock Anthem It'll make your head spin. Identifying Your Life’s Mission This Rosh Hashanah, electrify your life with purpose. ABC's of Rosh Hashanah A handy checklist of everything you need to know for the New Year. Sections: The High Holidays Rosh Hashanah Yom Kippur Sukkot Chanukah Tenth of Tevet Tu B'Shvat Purim Passover Holocaust Remembrance Day Israel Memorial Day Israel Independence Day Counting the Omer Shavuot Tisha B'Av See More  What Makes Rosh Hashanah Beautiful An inspiring music video by students of Aish Jerusalem. The Chinese Bamboo An uplifting Rosh Hashanah tale. In the Blink of an Eye How much life are you choosing? Sections: Spirituality Relationships Israel Heroes of Israel Inspirational Stories Humor Holidays See More Funny Stuff See More Home, Sweet, Expensive Home by Judy Gruen I am one of those Jews who knows nothing about home improvement projects, other than how to write the checks for them. Mascot Man A Writer’s Life Moving Day, Oy Vey! Jewish Feng Shui See more articles JTube See More More JTube Videos: Jtube: 92Y Talks: Gene Wilder Jtube: Despicable Me Jtube: Paul Blart: Mall Cop Jtube: Homeland: Assimilation Jtube: This is 40 Stars of David See More Stars of David: David Mamet by Marnie Winston-Macauley Pulitzer Prize winner David Mamet stands up for Israel. Stars of David: Frank Sinatra Stars of David: Rupert Murdoch Sidney Lumet’s Forgotten Role Stars of David: Elizabeth Taylor, RIP See more articles Art Smarts See More White House Down by Mark Papers For nearly two thousand years, our Temple has been destroyed -- or “down” – yet we have managed to survive. Monsters University “Fill the Void” – A Chasidic Love Story See more articles Cool Stuff See More Multimedia See More When Comedy Went to School II by Lawrence Richards , Mevlut Akkaya and Ron Frank Where did America's Jewish comedians go to school? Why the Borscht Belt of course. When Comedy Went to School It's Not About the Nail The Daily Show: Egypt, Morsi and Bassem Youssef Street Humor See more articles Comix See More August 27, 2013/21 Elul 5773 The Jewlarious and Aish.com staff wish to extend our condolences to our dear friend and colleague Marnie MacCauley on the passing of her beloved husband. May she be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem. A Piece of Chocolate Cake Chaim Yankel Epstein was a happy fellow but unfortunately grossly overweight. Concerned for his well-being his co-workers forced him to go on a diet.For three weeks, Chaim Yankel resisted temptation,... read on Dying Wishes Old Max had started out as a diamond cutter, and through hard work and good judgment he finally became the owner of a national chain of jewelry stores. He was wealthy indeed.But now, he lay... read on Cohen & O’Reilly Moshe is walking along Broadway Street and sees a little tailor's shop called COHEN and O'REILLY.Moshe goes in and talks to the typical little Jewish tailor behind the counter, telling him how... read on Submit a Joke to Jewlarious  Type joke here Your Email: Your Name: Most Popular In: Jewlarious Facebook aish.com 1. Rosh Hashanah Resolutions for the Entire World I am The World. Here are my resolutions. 2. Jtube: Here Comes the Boom What have you achieved that once seemed impossible? 1. Get Clarity: Aish.com's Rosh Hashanah Music Video Fun, inspiring Rosh Hashanah music video to enjoy and share. 2. What to Do about Intermarriage Welcoming interfaith families is not enough. We need to help them transform themselves through Jewish life. 3. While Grandma Died A pre-emptive letter for when I reach old age. 4. The Heroism of Antoinette Tuff A lesson in speaking from the heart. Sponsors  Aish.com - Your Life. Your Judaism. LANGUAGES: עברית Español РУССКИЙ Français AFFILIATES: Pathways  Adv. Learning Jewlarious MP3 Audio Site Judaica Store Learn Hebrew Online Online Jewish Dating SECTIONS: Israel Current Issues Spirituality Family Dating Judaism 101 Torah Portion Holidays Jewlarious Videos Western Wall Cam Ask The Rabbi Shabbat Holocaust Studies RSS Mobile version EMAIL LISTS: What's New @ Aish Daily Email Shabbat Shalom Torah Portion Torah Portion - Adv Spirituality Dating Wisdom Family Recipes Kabbalah Israel Update Calendar  Holidays 48 Ways to Wisdom Jewish History Jewlarious ABOUT: Contact Us Programs in Israel Online Seminars About Aish.com Support Aish.com About Aish HaTorah Int'l Support Aish Int'l Submit Articles Advertise Here Your Privacy FOLLOW US: Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Search Aish.com:  2013 Aish.com - Your Life, Your Judaism Our Privacy Guarantee: Your information is private. Your transactions are secure.  The html must be wrapped in a div tag with id="popupText" and style = display: none; Close button image must be wrapped in an  tag (or be part of an imagemap) with id="closeLink". To disable this entire feature, edit this file by adding the word SKIP to the way beginning (before this comment). [if lte IE 7]>#signup-popup input {margin-bottom: 0;}