  Home Login/Join Parking & Directions Opening a Business? About DWC Volunteer Contact Us Community Links Search Events Announcements Grand Openings Shopping Best Bets Food & Wine Arts & Entertainment History All Listings Shop Dine Services  105 Elm St. Westfield, NJ 07090 Map/ Get Directions Phone: 908.789.9444 Main Category: Entertainment Subcategories: Education , Movies , Perfoming Music , Theater Arts & Entertainment There are a plethora of entertainment options in Westfield, from the movies to the symphony, from concerts to community theater.        Rialto Movie Theater  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/RialtoTheater     Westfield Symphony Orchestra  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/SymphonyOrchestra     Sweet Sounds Downtown Jazz Festival  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/jazzfestival     New Jersey Workshop for the Arts  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/NJWorkShopfortheArts     Westfield Community Players  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/communityplayers     New Jersey Youth Theatre  www.njyouththeatre.org     Hedgehog  Feather Theatre Co.  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/hedgehogandfeather     Coffee with a Conscience Concert Series  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/coffeewithconscience     Westfield Memorial Library  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/WestfieldMemorialLibrary     Westfield School of Dance  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/schoolofdance     Miller-Cory House Museum  http://www.millercoryhouse.org/     Theatro Si - Hispanic Theater Arts Company  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/TEATRO_Si     The Choral Art Society of NJ  http://www.westfieldtoday.com/ChoralArtSociety     Evalyn Dunn Gallery  www.westfieldtoday.com/evalyndunn     Juxtapose Gallery  www.westfieldtoday.com/juxtaposegallery Announcements Celebrate New Year's Eve with Westfield Symphony Orchestra Ring in the New Year with the very best of timeless show tunes featuring stars direct from the Broadway Stage!     Reserved Seats - $40  ; Premium Reserved Seats - $70 ALL SEATS RESERVED.      No Discounts or Gift Certificates. New Year's Eve 2012 - STEPPIN' OUT Monday, December 31, 2012 at 7:00 PM at Westfield High School 550 Dorian Road Westfield, NJ 07090 Phone: (908) 232-9400 Website: www.westfieldsymphony.org E-Mail: tickets@westfieldsymphony.org [link] Home for the Holidays with Westfield Symphony Orchestra  Celebrate the beginning of the festive season with WSO! Home for the Holidays is now a Westfield tradition - a family festival that sparkles with wintertime favorites, holiday joy, sing-a-longs and surprises for young and not-so-young alike.     HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS  Seasonal American Symphonic Pops  Featuring guest voices from NJ and beyond     When: Saturday December 1st, 2012 at 7pm Where: The Presbyterian Church in Westfield, NJ     For tickets and more information, visit http://westfieldsymphony.tix.com/Schedule.asp?OrganizationNumber=3374  [link] Franklin School Pumpkin Fair set for Saturday October 13 WESTFIELD, NJ – The Franklin Elementary School Parent Teacher Organization (PTO) will hold its annual fall Pumpkin Fair on Saturday Oct. 13, from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. - rain or shine - at Franklin School, 700 Prospect Street, Westfield.     This fun-filled school tradition offers something for everyone in the family, and features games, inflatables, obstacle courses, face painting, glitter tattoos, creepy crafts and everyone’s favorite – the musical cookie walk.     There will also be gift basket raffles, lots of live goldfish and plenty of food. Visitors to the fair can enjoy cotton candy, pizza, hot dogs, drinks and baked goods galore.       Proceeds benefit the Franklin PTO. The Pumpkin Fair is open to everyone, not just Franklin families, so come out and have some fun!    [link] HEDGEHOG & FEATHER THEATRE CO. ANNOUNCES A HALLOWEEN EVENT HEDGEHOG  FEATHER THEATRE CO. ANNOUNCES A HALLOWEEN EVENT  FOR THE FAMILY  CREATURE DOUBLE FEATURE : FRANKENSTEIN – DRACULA  Hedgehog  Feather Theatre Co. is thrilled to announce the Halloween Family Event of the season with  Creature Double Feature : Frankenstein - Dracula  on Friday, October 19 th , Saturday, October 20 th , Friday, October 26 th , Saturday, October 27 th  at 7:30PM each performance.  All tickets are $15. The spooky production will take place at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church Parish Hall, 414 E. Broad Street, Westfield. For more information and to purchase tickets online please visit  hedgehogandfeather.org , or e-mail  info@hedgehogandfeather.org  Creature Double Feature : Frankenstein - Dracula  is being Produced by Sarah Hedgepeth and Julie Fetter, Directed by Ty Jacobs, Sets and Props by Julie Fetter, Costumes by Alisa Korunow, and Technical Stage Manager Mary Kate Miller.  Based on the classic books by Mary Shelley and Bram Stoker, adapted by Ty Jacobs, and with musical selections of Mussorgsky and Tchaikovsky, this will be the Halloween Event that the whole family can enjoy. Back to back at last, the two originators of scare, Frankenstein’s Monster and the first vampire, Dracula…all performed by kids and for kids! “Frankenstein” is the tale of a mad scientist named Dr. Victor Frankenstein who puts together a creature by parts he took from the cemetery! But the poor Monster is misunderstood and too scary looking to make friends and ends up causing terrible trouble. “Dracula” is the tale of a very nasty guy who has been ‘alive’ for centuries, although by all accounts, he is dead! Count Dracula lives by biting people on the neck and drinking their blood. Only a mysterious Professor Van Helsing can save the day and stop Dracula from his evil deeds.     Our cast includes: Yustina Alexander-Himlan (Fanwood), Marlo Avido (Westfield), Kacey Brennan (Westfield), Katie Ceraso (Westfield), Lily Ceraso (Westfield), Elizabeth Cotter (Mountainside), Joe Ensslin (Westfield), Julia Guarneri (Fanwood), Nicolas Guerriero (Westfield), Andrew Kapadia (Westfield), Max Kleiman (Westfield), Marcelina Krowinska (Westfield), Sarah Kudron (Cranford), Tony Peer (Westfield), Matt Ryan (Berkeley Heights), Jonathan Samanski (Westfield), Evan Schachter (Springfield), Julie Singer (Westfield), Lauren Singer (Westfield), and Christopher Slavik (Hoboken).  Attached Photo:    (top l-r) Yustina Alexander-Himlan (Fanwood), Marlo Avido (Westfield), Kacey Brennan (Westfield), Katie Ceraso (Westfield), Lily Ceraso (Westfield), Elizabeth Cotter (Mountainside), Joe Ensslin (Westfield), Julia Guarneri (Fanwood), Nicolas Guerriero (Westfield)  (bottom l-r)  Andrew Kapadia (Westfield), Marcelina Krowinska (Westfield), Sarah Kudron (Cranford), Tony Peer (Westfield), Matt Ryan (Berkeley Heights), Jonathan Samanski (Westfield), Evan Schachter (Springfield), Julie Singer (Westfield), Lauren Singer (Westfield) [link] Westfield Symphony Goes Big Band on Sunday, September 9    Get "in the mood" with David Wroe and WSO on Sunday September 9 at Swing Time! , an afternoon of blistering hits from the big band era. 'CHEEK TO CHEEK' WITH FULL DANCE FLOOR!    Come bounce and sway to the irresistible rhythms of big band and swing standards from the 30s to the 50s as WSO changes gear to deliver the authentic sounds of a modern swing band in full flight.     Sunday | September 9 | 3pm L’Affaire | 1099 US Route 22 | Mountainside, NJ General admission seating $30 Reserved table seating $55 (located next to dance floor) Cash bar. Reserved tables of 6 and 8 available. For tickets  information go to www.westfieldsymphony.org  Should you choose ….bring your dancing shoes! With space for both listening and dancing, Swing Time! will delight music lovers and swing dancers of all ages. [link] ...see all 