 Start of DoubleClick Floodlight Tag: Please do not removeActivity name of this tag: Arts and CultureURL of the webpage where the tag is expected to be placed: http://www.visittampabay.com/visitors/things-to-do/arts-and-culture/This tag must be placed between the  and  tags, as close as possible to the opening tag.Creation Date: 03/24/2011   Visitors  Beaches The country's top beaches? Three of the 10 best are just minutes away. Cruise Cruise guests will love Tampa Bay for its Latin-esque charm and its array of entertainment options.  Hotels  Calendar of Events  Things to Do  Attractions  Arts and Culture  Shopping  Restaurants  Deals & Special Offers  Entertainment & Nightlife  Sports & Outdoor Recreation  Golf Reservation Services  Map  Get Social With Us  State Parks  Visitor Information  Hot Deals  Meeting Professionals  Services Let our Convention Services department help plan all phases of your meeting. Hotels Tampa Bay is a world-class destination offering hotels and accommodations.  Convention Center  Unique Venues  Top 10 Reasons to Book Your Meeting  Hot Deals  Transportation  Transportation Listings  Convention Sales Staff  Submit RFP  Partner Directory  The Power of A  GET Tampa Bay Update  Meeting Planner Incentives  Travel Professionals  Group Tours There are many unique, fun, and exciting places to explore in Tampa Bay! Our fantastic destination offers... Hotels This site is your full service guide to plan your stay in Tampa Bay, Florida's premier beach destination.  Staff  Planning Assistance  Ideas & Itineraries  Cruise Specials  Transportation Services  Transportation Listings  Destination Management  International Offices  Partners  Partners Only Partner Coupons  Partner Directory  Partner Events  New Partner Showcase  Partner Milestones  Partner Job Postings  Testimonials  Advertising Opportunities  Benefits & Services  Request Information  Film Commission   Press Room  Press Kits - Destination Press Releases  Impact Tampa Bay  Speaker's Bureau  Research & Statistics  Annual Business Plan  Press Trips  About Us  Staff Roster Meet the friendly staff at Visit Tampa Bay. Careers & Internships Find out about job & internship opportunities at Tampa Bay & Company.  Annual Business Plan  Research & Statistics  Tampa Bay Sports Commission  Advertising Opportunities  E-Newsletter  89 Partly Cloudy - David A. Straz Jr. Center for the Performing Arts  Things to Do  Back to Things to Do Attractions Arts and Culture Shopping  Specials Plan Ahead with our Digital Visitors Guide! With our 2013 digital travel planner, viewers are exposed to a brief introduction to Tampa, how to get around, where to stay, things to do, dining and nightlife, and even area services. Additionally, an interactive regional map helps visitors navigate the Tampa Bay area. My Itinerary You have 0 items in your itinerary View Itinerary Tampa Arts & Culture  Arts and Culture are a vital component of Tampa Bay's vibrant community. Explore theater groups, orchestras, world-class performance halls, museums, and galleries that provide enriching performances, inspirational youth education programs, and exhibits to showcase the world's most talented artists, actors and musicians. With independent and foreign film, critically acclaimed opera and orchestra, a stellar Broadway series and an eclectic collage of museums featuring the surreal masterworks of Salvador Dali to traveling Smithsonian exhibitions - the Tampa Bay area is fast becoming the cultural core of Florida's Gulf Coast. In Tampa, art is everywhere. Even when visitors arrive at the Tampa International Airport they will immediately recognize the city's ardor for the arts. Travelers will enjoy flights of imagination while moving through the airport thanks to a multitude of sculptures, tapestries, acrylic and oil paintings created by local and international artists that are on display in high-traffic areas. Many of Tampa's cultural centers are clustered along the Hillsborough River in Downtown Tampa. Amidst high-rise office buildings and fine hotels is the waterfront arts district comprised of the David A. Straz, Jr. Center for the Performing Arts , Tampa Museum of Art, Glazer Children's Museum and Florida Museum of Photographic Art. Also downtown are the historic Henry B. Plant Museum, Tampa Bay History Center, and the world-famous Tampa Theatre , which recently ranked third on a list of the Ten Best Movie Theaters in the World by The Credits, MPAA . The cigar industry, originally brought to Tampa in the late 1800s by Don Vicente Martinez Ybor, created a 12,000-strong immigrant workforce that churned out 700 million cigars a year and earned Ybor City its former title: Cigar Capital of the World. It also created a vivacious Latin community, a cultural collage, where Spaniards, Italians, Cubans, Germans and Romanian Jews worked and lived side by side. Today, Tampa is as much a multi-cultural city as ever with a thriving and powerful Hispanic population that represents all different Latin American countries. The Tampa area was named one of the top five most diverse, integrated urban areas in the country by the U.S. Census Bureau. View our multicultural guide for a sample list of things to do. Tampa hosts an array of arts and cultural events year round, including the much-anticipated Gasparilla Festival of the Arts every March. Make sure to check out our calendar of events and cultural calendar for updated event information. Tampa Bay's rich history and arts culture offer many opportunities to discover your daring and the authentic treasure that awaits you. browse subcategories All Things to Do and See Aquariums/Zoo Arcades/Activity Centers Arts & Culture Attractions Beaches Beauty Services Biking Boating/Fishing Book Stores Botanical Gardens Canoeing/Kayaking Casinos/Racing Comedy Clubs/Dinner Theatres Concert Venues/Performing Arts Cruise Lines Culinary Arts Entertainment Entertainment Complexes/Shopping Centers Events Family Fun Fitness/Health/Wellness Flea Markets/Vintage Shops Golf Courses Golf Reservation Services Horseback Riding Massages Motorsports Movie Theaters Museums Only in Tampa Bay Outdoor Activities Parks Pet Friendly Establishments Shopping & Spas Sports Theme Parks Tours Water Activities Watersports browse locations Downtown/Channel District East Hillsborough North Tampa Regional Seminole Heights South Tampa St. Pete/Clearwater Westshore/Airport Ybor City  Showing 1-15 of 17 Jump To: A-F G-L M-R S-Z ALL prev next Featured Listings  MOSI - Museum of Science & Industry 4801 E Fowler Ave. Tampa, FL 33617 Phone: (813) 987-6000 Region: North Tampa Visit Website  Having fun while learning is a breeze at Tampa’s Museum of Science & Industry (MOSI), the largest science center in the Southeast. MOSI offers a comprehensive overview of science and technology with more than 450 interactive science exhibits and visual displays on natural disasters, physics, astronomy and more. MOSI makes a great daytime excursion ... More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  Offers  Tampa Bay History Center 801 Old Water St. Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 228-0097 Region: Downtown/Channel District Visit Website  Journey through 12,000 years of powerful stories. Stroll through a 1920s cigar store. Row up the Hillsborough River. Ride along with a cattle drive. Discover the stories of our early inhabitants. With an eclectic Museum Store and the Columbia Café, we offer an enjoyable experience for the whole family. More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner American Victory Ship Mariners Museum 705 Channelside Dr. Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 679-0330 Region: Downtown/Channel District  The American Victory Ship is one of only four operational World War ll ships in the U.S. As a national historic landmark, the mariners museum ship is a prize attraction offering More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner Armed Forces History Museum 2050 34th Way N Largo, FL 33771 Phone: (727) 539-8371 Region: St. Pete/Clearwater The Armed Forces History Museum is dedicated to preserving our military history and educating our current and future generations as to the sacrifices made by so many to preserve More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  Cracker Country Florida State Fairgrounds P.O. Box 11766 Tampa, FL 33680 Phone: (813) 627-4225 Region: East Hillsborough Discover Cracker Country, a rural Florida outdoor living history museum, and experience how the daily lives of early Florida settlers revolved around chores, seasons, family, and More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner Florida Museum of Photographic Arts, Inc. 400 N Ashley Dr. Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 221-2222 Region: Downtown/Channel District The Florida Museum of Photographic Arts is dedicated to exhibiting important photographic art as central to contemporary life and culture. FMoPA collects, preserves, and exhibits More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  Offers  Glazer Children's Museum 110 W Gasparilla Plaza Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 443-3861 Region: Downtown/Channel District  Designed to inspire children and families by creating learning opportunities around innovative play and discovery, the new 53,000 square foot Glazer Children's Museum will have a More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  Henry B. Plant Museum 401 W Kennedy Blvd. Tampa, FL 33606 Phone: (813) 254-1891 Region: Downtown/Channel District  With it's magnificent Moorish architecture, opulent furnishings, and tropical gardens, a visit to the restored rooms of the former Tampa Bay Hotel, will transport you to Victorian More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  Offers  J.C. Newman Cigar Company 2701 N 16th St. Tampa, FL 33605 Phone: (813) 248-2124 Region: Ybor City J.C. Newman is America's oldest family owned cigar company and the last operating cigar factory in Cigar City with brands including Diamond Crown, MAXIMUS, Cuesta Rey, Brick House More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner The John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art 5401 Bay Shore Rd. Sarasota, FL 34243 Phone: (941) 359-5700 Region: Regional  Located on the beautiful Sarasota Bay, visit the Art galleries, Ca d'Zan Mansion, Circus Museum including The Wisconsin Rail Car and the Howard Bros. Circus miniature, Historic More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner Tampa Firefighters Museum 720 Zack St. Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 964-6862 Region: Downtown/Channel District The Tampa Firefighters Museum has officially opened its doors. Museum visitors can enjoy “hands-on” exhibits, education programs, rental space for events, a gift shop, donation or More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  Tampa Museum of Art 120 W Gasparilla Plaza Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 274-8130 Region: Downtown/Channel District The new Tampa Museum of Art provides the region with world-classtraveling exhibitions, a growing collection of contemporary andclassical art, expanded educational programs More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner Tampa Police Museum 411 N Franklin St. Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 276-3258 Region: Downtown/Channel District The Tampa Police Museum honors officers killed in the line of duty, preserves historically important records, books and police equipment, and urges the teaching of police science More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner Tampa Theatre 711 N Franklin St. Tampa, FL 33602 Phone: (813) 274-8287 Region: Downtown/Channel District  Built in 1926, Tampa Theatre hosts more than 600 events each year, including first-run films, classic movies, concerts, corporate events, educational programs, weddings and tours. More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  The Dali Museum One Dali Blvd. St. Petersburg, FL 33701 Phone: (727) 823-3767 Region: St. Pete/Clearwater  Experience the Dali: The largest and most comprehensive collection of Dali's work in America. Rotating exhibits, programs for all ages, daily tours, films, lectures, music series, More  Overview  Add To Trip Planner  Offers  Showing 1-15 of 17 Jump To: A-F G-L M-R S-Z ALL prev next  2013 Visit Tampa Bay. All Rights Reserved. Home | About | Contact | Site Map Privacy Policy | List Your Business   Free advice from travelers for a great Tampa vacation.    