 Home Blog ABOUT CONTRIBUTORS Contact    Jan 2012 16  CAR CULTURE | Concours Québécois! 0 Posted In Blog , Car Culture , Featured by Jason White On a recent trip to the Mont-Tremblant Circuit in Québéc, I came across a small car show held in the mountain village of Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts.  Among the more interesting entries were an army Jeep, a blue and silver 75 Dodge Charger and a couple of fastback Mustangs.  Most of these cars sported vintage Québéc license plates  not to mention personal touches that said a lot about the owners [..]    Jan 2012 21  CAR CULTURE | Legends of Motorsports 0 Posted In Blog , Car Culture , Reference by Jason White Bobby Rahal sure knows how to put on a vintage race meet.  Last years Legends of Motorsports event at Mont-Tremblant, QC attracted an amazing variety of entries.  Formula One, Formula 5000, Can Am and Trans Am cars were among those present.  For a designer, this is a great opportunity to study one-of-a-kind details  thanks to the surprisingly open nature of the paddock. [..]    Jan 2012 24  REARVIEW | Car Design History by the People Who Wrote It 0 Posted In Car Culture , Uncategorized by Ryan Paul While digging up some history for an upcoming post, I came across this amazing set of interviews, all done in the mid-eighties by the Automobile in American Life and Society project at the University of Michigan.  Transcripts of sort-of-meandering conversations filled with fascinating bites of the history of American car design straight from the mouths of the people who directed it.  Theres  Bill Mitchell , who succeeded Harley Earl at GM, and Irv Rybicki who followed him.  Gene Bordinats , who ran post-war Fords design, excuse me: styling department for 19 years is particularly interesting (and long), full of anecdotes about the inner workings of the upper echelon of Ford Motor Company in the 50s and 60s. Plenty of others, too, like  Virgil Exner, Jr. talking about both his and his fathers careers and a lot of first-person stories about working for Raymond Loewy, and  Gordon Buehrig , who talks extensively about the processes involved in coachbuilt cars like the Duesenbergs and Auburns he was responsible for, complete with a great little one about how Auburns chief engineer tuned their eight-carb V-12 in the dark, by checking the color of the flames coming out of the exhaust. Theres just a ton of fascinating history in these stories, and even though theyre clunky in their presentation, and quite long, theyre worth every word. If you have any interest in design history, you should check em out.    Jan 2012 31  NEWS | Ian Callum, Ed Welburn, Imre Molnar talk design on Autoweeks Vinsetta Garage 0 Posted In Blog , Car Culture , News by Robert Gelardi Image credit: Leanne Staples I love Tuesdays if for no other reason than to watch Velocity after my kid goes to bed. Wayne Carini used to be the highlight, but a new show by Autoweek has given it some competition. [..]    Feb 2012 06  ACCOUTRAMA | Vintage Racing Jackets 1 Posted In Blog , Car Culture , Trends by Jason White The Gulf racing jacket from the film Le Mans is a favorite among car aficionados  so much so that it has become a cliche  (and an expensive one at that).  But a quick look at sites like eBay and Etsy will reveal some surprisingly unique alternatives  alternatives that will give you the look you want without breaking the bank. [..] Page 1 of 15 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 ...  Last  Free Subscription Get updates to Autodesign.com sent directly to your inbox for free. Like Us On Facebook FreshPopular REARVIEW | BMW DESIGNERS TIMELINE January 14, 2012 REARVIEW | Raymond Loewy Retrospective on Hemmings Blog January 16, 2012 PREVIEW | 2012 CCS Degree Show May 11, 2012 Categories Blog Car Culture Featured News Reference Trends Tutorials + Techniques Uncategorized © 2012 AUTODESIGN 