 Right now Today's high Today's low   Full weather report Full traffic report  Full markets report   Entertainment  Weather Traffic Markets  Go Skip to Main Window News Connecticut New Haven Metro Milford Shoreline Valley Traffic Weather Sports GameTime CT Colleges UConn Quinnipiac NFL MLB NBA NHL National Sports Video Business Business Directory Entertainment Events Calendar Video Lifestyle Health Community Media Lab Obituaries Opinion Letters to the Editor Blogs Politics National Politics Marketplace Autos Jobs Homes Shopping Local Guide Today's Ads Special Sections Classifieds Tools Contact Us Advertise With Us Manage Your Subscription Submit Announcements Text Alerts Comment Policy Contests E-Paper Gasbuddy Mobile Newspapers in Education Order Photo Reprints RSS Subscribe  In Other News Entertainment Judge approves deal dismissing Paula Deen lawsuit 22 hrs ago Entertainment Miley Cyrus, Lady Gaga vie for attention at MTVs VMAs 1 day ago Entertainment 3 days ago Entertainment Wooster Square  then and now 3 days ago Entertainment Connecticut prison reverses ban on novel by volunteer Wally Lamb 3 days ago Home → Entertainment In Branford Saturday, its Woofstock on the Green, man BRANFORD  The Branford Green is going to the dogs Saturday  as well as cats and the other furry homeless creatures that the towns Dan Cosgrove Animal Shelter cares for  when the inaugural Woofstock takes over from noon ... By Donna Doherty | 4 days ago Ben Affleck and the Batman backlash Ben Affleck will be the next Batman: How bout them apples? ... By The Associated Press | 3 days ago Entertainment Best of Connecticut 2013 Entertainment Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom separate over drug use Entertainment The highs and lows of the Video Music Awards MOST RECENT STORIES Entertainment Friends of Kevin Shea gather at Toads Place in New Haven HAMDEN  Grammy-nominated folk/Americana singer-songwriter Shawn Mullins, best known for his 1999 hit Lullaby and Beautiful Wreck, will perform tonight in an OddBall Entertainment show at the Spaceland Ballroom. Heather Maloney opens. Mark Zaretsky | 4 days ago Entertainment Johnny Winter plays about the Island Belle Friday night STRATFORD  If you like Johnny Winter, chances are youve seen him a bunch of times by now  maybe as recently as January at Toads Place or May at the Ridgefield Playhouse. Mark Zaretsky | 4 days ago Entertainment Free admission to the Peabody Museum in New Haven for Summers Last Roar NEW HAVEN  If you listen closely, you can hear the end of summer sneaking up on us. The days are getting shorter, the nights are getting cooler, and theres even a rumor that school will be starting soon. Sandi Shelton | 5 days ago Arts and entertainment Long Wharf youth ensemble puts its own spin on Shakespeares Romeo & Juliet NEW HAVEN  Theres a definite us-against-them feeling as the two groups square off against each other from opposite sides of the room. The random stick stomping on the floor soon escalates into a kind of war chant as young actors raise their strong voices in a rendition of Some Nights by the alt-rock group Fun. Donna Doherty | 1 week, 1 day ago Arts and entertainment Milford composer scores Wortown Films Dead Giveaway MILFORD  When your heart is in your dream, no request is too extreme. Donna Doherty | 1 week, 1 day ago Arts and entertainment Photos: Shrek honors deceased reporter Ann DeMatteo The Whitney Players Theater Company performs Shrek Wednesday night at the Hamden High School Auditorium. The theater company is dedicating its run of the play (Aug. 14-17) to deceased Register reporter and theater aficionado Ann DeMatteo. They have also begun an Ann DeMatteo Scholarship program whose first recipient is Anns niece Rebecca DeMatteo. | 1 week, 4 days ago Arts and entertainment Review: Luigi takes center stage in Dream Team As I played through Mario  Luigi: Dream Team I became jealous of Luigi: While I sometimes toss and turn in the night, he can fall asleep in an instant. By Jeff Hoard, The Oakland Press | 1 week, 6 days ago Arts and entertainment Luigi takes center stage in Dream Team (review) By Jeff Hoard, The Oakland PressAs I played through Mario  Luigi: Dream Team I became jealous of Luigi: While I sometimes toss and turn in the night, he can fall asleep in an instant. | 1 week, 6 days ago Entertainment Oprah: No need for all of Switzerland to apologize LOS ANGELES  Oprah Winfrey says shes sorry that a media frenzy emerged after saying she experienced racism during a trip to Switzerland. By The Associated Press | 1 week, 6 days ago Entertainment DogTV is on, but will your pooch tune in? Television has taken its share of hits. One group blames it for destroying the fabric of society, and another vilifies it as part of the general fattening of the nation. By Joan Morris, Contra Costa Times | 1 week, 6 days ago    See, Click, Fix  The New Haven Register Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright  The New Haven Register Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map 21st Century Media 