 Car Salesman Tips Career In Car Sales Internet Sales Manager The BDC Car Dealer Management Internet Car Sales Whats New Car Sales Professional Website for Car Salesman is for being a car salesman, car sales tips, car salesman tips, car salesman training, Car Salesman Guide, car sales techniques, car sales closing techniques, car sales commission, you can be a better car salesman and become a car salesman Navigation Home Blog Meet and Greet Car Salesman Tips Internet Car Salesman BDC Dealer Management Showroom Traffic and Car Sales Management Car Sales Training Gallery Car Salesman Tips  Car Buying Hot Buttons By KB on December 14 in Car Salesman Tips When you first become a car salesman your car sales training will probably cover something called  Car Buying Hot Buttons . Your car buying customer will have specific things that are important to them when they are buying a car. These things could be safety, fuel economy, reliability, payment, getting a good deal, features and options of the car or anything that is personally important to them. These things are the car buying hot buttons. You as the sales person are supposed to determine what these things are and the keep your customer focused on these items. Then you push the car buyers hot buttons by talking and focusing on these items. payday loans The Car Buying Hot Buttons Sounds simple and logical, but selling cars for a living is much more than being logical. The auto sales professional understands that getting into their head is how you make the real money. When you can connect with the car buyer and learn all of their car buying hot buttons you are much closer to selling them a car. The problem is that car buying hot buttons are emotional and most people try to hide their emotions when they purchase a car. They keep them a secret for various reasons. Some car buyers are afraid of being take advantage of, some are embarrassed and some try to be logical and sensible. Finding the Car Buying Hot Buttons Finding your customers car buying hot buttons are not always an easy task. Very often the difference between the Newbie or Green Pea and the top sales people is the ability to find ALL of the car buyers hot buttons. I have seen it more times than I can remember where a Newbie is pushing the car buyers hot button of having a blue car, but is not aware of the hot button of wanting a sun roof. Then they get them at their desk and start grinding this customer to buy the car and all they do is create a Be Back. I took the turn and after 10 minutes I sold them a blue car with a sun roof. This customer was hiding their car buying hot buttons of wanting a sun roof because they thought that they were asking for too much or being frivolous. They were embarrassed to bring up the sun roof desire and the Newbie didnt drag it out of them. It wasnt logical for the car buyer to hold back this desire, but everyone is different. That is the real key to car buying hot buttons, everyone is different. If you are trying to work with a car buyer using logic you will probably lose. Your logic is not their logic. The Real Car Buying Hot Buttons The example I gave above is quite simple and not one that most car salesmen would miss, but it was an actual example. My point of this car salesman tip is that every single car buyer is different. The car buying hot buttons are different for every single buyer, some have one or two hot buttons and some may have a dozen. Your job of being a car salesman is to find ALL the hot buttons and sell a car. Your car salesman income will increase when your ability to find ALL of the car buying hot buttons increases. Car Salesman Tip: Car buyers buy cars based on emotion, yes even the mooches and geeks buy cars with emotion. I will cover this subject of emotion and buying cars in a future post. Later, Fresh Up on the Lot K.B. Find the Car Buying Hot Buttons Hit their Hot Buttons and Make More Commissions .. GET THE BOOK ! Share this: Share Subscribe Sign up on the right to receive updates and get notified of new posts and information for the Car Sales Professional. Let's go move some metal and make some money. Related Posts: The Car Salesman Must Try On Their Customer Everybody Loves to Try On the Car Salesman Are You A Believable Car Salesman? The Car Sales Hand Off Or A Car Buyers Red Flag The Switch Car to Make a Deal car buyer , car buying , car buying hot buttons , car salesman , car salesman tactics , car salesman techniques , Car Salesman Tips , connect , emotions , hot buttons , logic Average Car Salesman  Yeah Right! The Car Buyers Emotions No comments yet. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.  Latest Popular Comments Tags How Can I Get Internet Leads to Respond? August 7 Having Fun and Selling Cars July 24 The Car Salesman Must Try On Their Customer July 17 Everybody Loves to Try On the Car Salesman July 10 Are You A Believable Car Salesman? July 3 The Car Sales Hand Off Or A Car Buyers Red Flag June 26 The Switch Car to Make a Deal June 19 How To Be a Car Salesman  Are You Sure May 17 Six Figure Income  Car Salesman Income May 23 Living on a Car Sales Salary July 13 The Car Sales Woman  Its Your Time June 9 How a Successful Car Salesman Thinks May 18 Sell More Cars  Stop Trying So Hard January 5 A Career In Car Sales August 26 Iffat: Hey kb I worked at a luxury dealership for a year ... KB: Hi Sam,Wow that was a mouthful.I hate to say i... KB: Hi Dave,Your history should speak for itself and... Dave: Hi I am 41 and looking at getting into auto sales.... DavidN: Hello everyone,I am new to the industry and th... Rusty: Adam,It is kind of humorous, but in your note ... Durban South Toyota: Wow this post has really enlightened us, as to how... auto sales be a better car salesman being a car salesman best car salesman better car salesman car buyer career car sales car sales career car sales commission car sales income car sales job car salesman car salesman career car salesman commission car salesman income car salesman job car salesman tip Car Salesman Tips car salesmen tips car sales pay car salesperson car sales success car sales techniques car sales tips car sales training car saleswoman car selling tips commission dealership emotions good car salesman great car salesman internet car sales Internet car salesman Internet leads selling Selling Cars! selling cars for a living selling more cars sell more cars successful car salesman tips for car salesman tips for car salesmen top car salesman Categories BDC-Business Development Center Car Dealer Management Car Salesman Tips Career In Car Sales Internet Car Sales Internet Sales Manager Selling Cars! Whats New Archives Select Month August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009   Automobile Sales Careers Car Sales Commission Car Salesman Secrets Your Own Car Business Ecourse Web Car Sales Photo Galleries Just For Fun Car Sales Gallery Old School Car Sales Gallery Old Car Sales Advertising Gallery Do You Take Trade-Ins  Salesman View QA Contact Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Use Submit Your Photos  2013 Car Sales Professional. All Rights Reserved. Login  [if lt IE 9]>