 The Green Optimistic Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Home  Transportation  Hybrid vehicles  Yo-Auto Crossover, Russias Multi-Fuel Hybrid Vehicle By Benji Jerew June 28, 2013 Hybrid vehicles Russian Yo-Auto Crossover, Not Your Average Hybrid Vehicle We havent looked for innovation in Russia for a long time. At times, automobile technology seems to have simply stopped at some moment in the 1970s, but recent hybrid vehicle innovations in Russia could be a change for the better. Yo-Auto in Russia already has a coupe, hatchback, and truck that feature a unique take on the hybrid vehicle powertrain. And now has a sedan featuring the same system. While typical full-hybrid vehicles feature an electric motor coupled with a gasoline- or diesel-powered engine. The hybrid system can use either the engine or the motor or both, depending on what kind of power output or recovery is necessary. Tweet Yo-Autos hybrid vehicle system is more akin to that in extended-range electric vehicles, but is still not an electric vehicle, sort of. The Yo-Auto powertrain utilizes an engine, running natural gas or gasoline, which is coupled with a generator. The generator is connected to a supercapacitor, which is then connected to two electric motors in the rear of the vehicle. There is no direct connection between the engine and wheels, so the Yo-Auto powertrain is essentially the same as an extended-range electric vehicle without the benefit of being able to charge off the grid. This may not seem like a very efficient setup, but combined with standard regenerative braking, engine stop-start technology, and a much lighter supercapacitor, when compared to typical lithium-ion battery packs, Yo-Auto claims the new hybrid vehicle can get 67mpg . Innovation isnt dead in Russia, its just a little behind, or ahead, off to the side a little? The car isnt much to look at, but 67mpg is a pretty impressive claim in the crossover market, or the hybrid vehicle market, for that matter. Share it  Like our Facebook page About the author Ben has been a Master Automobile Technician for over ten years, certified by ASE, Toyota, and Lexus. He specialized in electronic systems and hybrid technology. Branching out now, as a Professional Freelance Writer, he specializes in research and writing about his main area of interest, Automotive Technology, Alternative Fuels, and Concept Vehicles. On the same topic: General Motors Could Release Crossover Plug-In Hybrid At The 2012 Detroit Auto Show Qoros Jumps Right In With a Crossover Hybrid Electric Vehicle, but Only in the EU Infiniti M35 Hybrid Sedan To Be Unveiled At Los Angeles Auto Show Russias First Hybrid Car, Yo-Mobil, Delayed  Again Two New Prius Hybrid Versions to be Presented at the Detroit Auto show A 1929 Hybrid – The Stearns-Knight Gasoline-Electric Hybrid Vehicle NY Auto Show – Volvo V60 Plug-In Diesel Hybrid “World Green Car of the Year” Finalist Volkswagen XL1 Hybrid Electric Vehicle gets 261MPG with Supercar Roots Toyota and Ford Call off Hybrid Vehicle Technology Collaboration electric car hybrid car natural gas Yo-Auto Comments 0 comments GetLivefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment Link Newest | Oldest Subscribe to Newsletter Email Address * More in Hybrid vehicles Ferrari Is All About Hybrids, Not The Plug-ins, Though Mercedes Benz S500 PHEV Rates at 78mpg, Most Efficient Luxury Sedan? Range Rover Hybrids to be Revealed at Frankfurt Motor Show Tesla Model S Regenerative Braking and Brake Lights, Intrusive or Responsible? Recent Posts Scientists Find High Rate of Ocean Acidification Threatens Marine Ecosystems Ferrari Is All About Hybrids, Not The Plug-ins, Though Germany Sets Record 5.1TWh of Solar Power Generation For July France Paves the Way in Lowering CO2 Emissions Show Navigation Hide Navigation Home >> Contact Advertise Here About Us Site map Disclaimer Green Energy >> Solar Power Wind Power Biofuels >> Biodiesel Biogas Ethanol Energy news Nuclear Power Energy Storage Exotic Energy >> Free Energy Gravity Magnetic Power Nikola Tesla Water Car Piezoelectric Wave power Thermoelectric Hydrogen Power Geothermal Power Transportation >> Electric Vehicles Hybrid vehicles Air powered Car industry Efficient engines Stirling engine Environment >> Climate Change Green News Pollution Pointless Green Recycling Green Policy Green Tech >> Green Electronics How to Green Buildings Green Designs Experiments Superconductors New Inventions Power Saving Water Purifiers Nanotechnology Video  © 2013 The Green Optimistic 