  Home About Us Services Reviews Blog Contact Us     Welcome Mission Statement Our Pledge  Earlene  Jim Alauria Owners since 1975 Jim Alauria, Owner The 3A Automotive Team Honest  friendly auto repair since 1975 Are you looking for a friendly, honest auto repair shop that you can trust? Look no further. 3A Automotive is a trusted family owned business, and we have been providing top quality auto repairs to our customers since 1975. We service most makes and models, accept most extended warranties and our services include everything from oil changes  scheduled maintenance to diagnostics and major repairs. We are AAA approved, have an A+ rating with the BBB and were just awarded the Angie's List Super Service Award. Check our online reviews and you will see we are driven to provide top quality, friendly, honest service at a fair price. Your complete satisfaction is our ultimate goal. The Best Automotive Service in Phoenix The Goal of 3A Automotive Service is to provide our customers with the Best Auto Repair  Service in Phoenix, Arizona.We do this in an Honest, Organized  Efficient work environment through people who are dedicated to Excellence  Integrity.Our success of this Goal allows for us to earn our customer's trust  loyalty, enhance the lives of our employees, support the purposes of our community and be a leader in the automotive repair industry. Our Pledge to You To solve the problems our customers face with their vehicles. To sell only honest repairs and services to our customer. To perform high quality repairs done right the first time. To complete repairs and services in a timely fashion. To recommend the services, repairs and maintenance necessary to keep the vehicle reliable, safe and efficient. To use high quality parts that meet or exceed those recommended by the vehicle's manufacturer. To keep in good contact with the customer throughout the repair process. To have only Certified and Professional Automotive Technicians work on our customer's vehicles.  3A Automotive Featured On ABC What Customers Are Saying... review text review name What we can say - whether it's regular maintenance, engine sounds funny, battery needs to be checked, or dealing with our insurance company for repairs on a claim, 3A has been there for us and we will always use them for all of our auto needs. Thank You 3A! The Wickey Family 1539 W Hatcher Rd Phoenix, AZ 85021 (602) 888-0588 Schedule An Appointment Yes! I'm a new customer, please schedule me for the $29.95 Introductory Special. Schedule Appointment Subscribe For Updates, Promotions  Special Offers  SUBMIT  Family Owned  Operated Since 1975 Specializing in Auto Repair and Service in Phoenix, AZ Contact Address: 1539 W Hatcher Rd Phoenix, AZ 85021 Phone: (602) 888-0588 Social Affiliations Proudly serving Phoenix, Glendale, Tempe, Scottsdale, Chandler  Surrounding Areas  COPYRIGHT 2013 3AAUTOMOTIVE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 