 The Best Music Now Celebrity music and entertainment news  gossip. Rihanna Sues FormerAccountants Posted in Celebrity , Music with tags former accountants , Rihanna , sues on July 13, 2012 by thebestmusicnow Superstar Rihanna has sued her former accountants for mismanaging the singers finances, including claiming they earned huge commissions from concert tours that resulted in her losing millions of dollars. In a lawsuit filed in Manhattan federal court that surfaced on Thursday, the 24-year-old singer and her tour company, Tourihanna, is seeking an unspecified amount of compensatory damages and loss of earnings from accountancy firm Berdon LLP and former employees Michael Mitnick and Peter Gounis. The suit, first filed late in Tuesday ahead of the July 4 U.S. holiday, claims the accounting firm caused significant financial losses between 2005 and 2010 by charging exorbitant commissions from Rihannas 2010 Last Girl on Earth Tour. It also accuses Berdon of mishandling Rihannas foreign and domestic taxes and failing to monitor unpaid song royalties. Leave A Comment  Steven Tyler Says Goodbye to AmericanIdol Posted in Celebrity , Music , Music news with tags American Idol , Goodbye , Jennifer Lopez , judge , leaves show , Steven Tyler on July 13, 2012 by thebestmusicnow American Idol judge and Aerosmith frontman Steven Tyler decided on Thursday to leave his job as a judge on top-rated television singing contest American Idol. Tyler expressed that his reason for leaving is due to needing to return to focusing on his first love, Aerosmith. Tylers fellow American Idol judge, Jennifer Lopez, also is contemplating whether to return to the program that once reigned supreme atop U.S. TV ratings but has seen its audience shrink in recent years. I strayed from my first love, Aerosmith, and Im back, the bands lead singer said in a statement. Ive decided its time for me to let go of my mistress ‘American Idol before she boils my rabbit, Tyler added, in a reference to the thriller movie, Fatal Attraction. I got two fists in the air, and Im kicking the door open with my band. Leave A Comment  Justin Biebers Boyfriend Video All About Cars,Girls Posted in Celebrity , Music , Photo , YouTube with tags Girls' , Justin Bieber Boyfriend music video , Justin Bieber's 'Boyfriend' Video All About 'Cars on May 4, 2012 by thebestmusicnow If Justin Bieber were your boyfriend, youd probably spend a lot of time in parkades. The pop stars Boyfriend video debuted Thursday night  amassing more than 2 million views on YouTube by this morning. Shot in L.A., its a straightforward concept: Bieber and some Step Up 2 extras somehow drive to the top of some building, then spend the afternoon dancing and pulling donuts in their swaggy muscle cars. And, just like the song, the video finds Bieber making an incredibly easy pitch to the ladies: be his girlfriend. Please. A dream date with JB, however, isn’t exactly what he promises in the lyrics. There’s no fireside fondue, no trips around the world. Instead, Bieber’s special lady has to be content watching him dance, watching him lead a sing-a-long, watching him show off his hella cool wheels. And she has to share him with an extensive cast of extras  but then, that’s a feeling millions of Beliebers have long since grown used to. And for a tune thats supposed to usher in the just-turned-18-year-olds mature new era, the vibe isnt that much different from his break-out clip, Baby. Bieber is still singing and dancing  dreamily  with a crew of kids. He has his driver’s license this time, though. That’s something. For more than a month, Bieber had been teasing the videos premiere with preview clips  including 45 seconds of footage aired during an April episode of The Voice. Those clips, as we mentioned yesterday, were directed by Colin Tilley (the Boyfriend video was helmed by Director X), and featured Bieber in a variety of impressionistic scenes  strikingly different from sunny vibe of the final cut. Some of those scenes are used in the opening of Boyfriend,” and as Bieber explained during an interview with MTV last night, the change-up was just him playing with his fans. I kind of switched it up from all the teasers, Bieber said. I switched up the whole video on them, and really, I think its super cool. I wanted to do something a little bit more mature. Just because Boyfriend is here doesnt mean Biebers going to stop being a little tease. During his interview with MTV, he revealed he already has new tidbits to shill, all leading up to the June 19 release of upcoming album, Believe. My next single is better, he told MTV after “Boyfriend’s” premiere. I think it’s As Long As You Love Me. It’s like mid-tempo. I just think it’s edgy. It’s something I can hear on the radio. It’s going to get stuck in people’s heads, he said, also revealing tentative plans to release another track, written for his mom. I think Im going to put it out on Mothers Day, he said. I dont know if its going on the album. Leave A Comment  Beach Boys to kick off 50th anniversary tour in TucsonAZ Posted in Celebrity , Music , Photo with tags Beach Boys to kick off 50th anniversary tour in Tucson AZ on May 2, 2012 by thebestmusicnow You probably couldve guessed it was a Beach Boys show just by the shirts the men in the audience wore: Collared, short-sleeved and oversized, with palm trees, hibiscus flowers and nautical gear printed all over them. At the back of the stage, surfboards were lined up like Grecian columns on either side of a huge video screen. It wasnt until midway through the bands second set that Mike Love acknowledged what half the people in the audience mustve been thinking: Its, uh, been a little while since weve all been on tour together. This year, the Beach Boys turn 50. Until the Grammys this past February, Brian Wilson, the bands troubled heart, hadnt been on stage with the rest of them since 1996. The tour kickoff last night at the Anselmo Valencia Amphitheater in Tucson was, in that sense, a milestone: not only a marker of their anniversary, but of a public reconciliation between Wilson and the bands other surviving original members: Al Jardine, Bruce Johnson, David Marks and Wilsons cousin, Mike Love. Its not until a band like the Beach Boys runs through their hits back-to-back in rapid succession that you realize just how many hits theyve had. Over the course of nearly two and a half hours, they played an astonishing 42 songs, many of them medley-style, with nearly no banter in between. Amid the most familiar stuff  California Girls, Surfin Safari, Good Vibrations  were a healthy number of deep cuts and covers, including Why Do Fools Fall in Love and Phil Spectors Then He Kissed Me, which Jardine probably wisely rephrased as Then I Kissed Her. There were also two uncanny video appearances by Carl and Dennis Wilson, both of whom died years ago. (Dennis sang Forever, while Carl took on God Only Knows, a song Brian wrote for him on 1966s Pet Sounds.) And about halfway through the second set, something new showed up: A reflective midtempo ballad called Thats Why God Made the Radio  a moment that, like so much of the bands best music, elevated the adolescent to the divine. Read more  Leave A Comment  New breed of boy bands takes overairwaves Posted in Celebrity , Charts , Music , Music news , New Music with tags New breed of boy bands takes over airwaves , One direction , the wanted on April 30, 2012 by thebestmusicnow Boy band fever is storming the music scene in the United States, led by the Brits who are breaking away from the slick, squeaky-clean image of old as they battle to become Americas newest pin-ups. The five young men of The Wanted take on their baby-faced rivals One Direction with their self-titled debut EP released this week, following One Directions No. 1 first album on the U.S. Billboard charts last month. Its more than 10 years since New Kids on the Block, Backstreet Boys and NSync ruled the U.S. music scene and sent hordes of screaming young girls to record stores. In Britain, boy bands have never gone out of fashion, although the new breed appears to have grown up. If One Direction are the co-ordinated, clean-cut, media-savvy boy band, The Wanted are the rebellious antidote, uncensored by their team and left to win over audiences by goofing around with each other, and the media. Were different, we all play instruments, we dont dance and we dont dress very well, The Wanteds Tom Parker told Reuters. The Wanted  Parker, Max George, Siva Kaneswaran, Jay McGuiness and Nathan Sykes, aged between 19 and 23  were put together after mass auditions in the U.K. in 2009, and are managed by Scooter Braun, the mastermind behind Canadian teen idol Justin Bieber. All the acts that I manage are built organically and they all get to be exactly who they are, said Braun, 30, who encourages The Wanted to be open about drinking, partying and dating girls. I used to be a party promoter the last time boy bands were huge, and I knew a lot of those guys, and they like to party and drink and do all that stuff too. But they always had to hide it, and I think its refreshing to see a boy band that doesnt hide it and that doesnt care, Braun added. One Direction  formed of Liam Payne, Harry Styles, Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson and Niall Horan, all aged between 18 and 20  were put together in 2010, and are managed by Simon Cowell. One Directions image is more carefully groomed and choreographed in the vein of the boy band stereotype but that didnt stop a controversial romance between Styles and a British TV presenter 15 years his senior, prior to the band making their U.S. debut. We dont mind at all being called a boy band, were just lads in a band. But I think were trying to do something a little bit differentits a bit more relaxed, lads having fun, we do what we want, said One Directions Payne. Both bands fall squarely into the pop genre, with One Direction embracing innocent, fun love songs such as with their lead single What Makes You Beautiful, which peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100. The Wanted have taken a more adult route, with heavier dance beats and raunchier music videos such as their single Glad You Came, peaking at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. Their music is really different to ours and I think anyone can see that, and you can like one or the other or both, said The Wanteds McGuiness. A lot of people expect boy bands to cater music exclusively to young girlswe accept that a lot of young girls do like us, but we respect their musical choice as much as we respect a 50-year-old dude, McGuiness added. DIRECTIONERS VS. TEAM WANTED The Wanted have received mixed critical reviews for their debut EP in the United States, released this week. August Brown at the Los Angeles Times said that while The Wanted were saucier and sleeker than One Direction, their music wasnt nearly as fun, while Maura Johnston at Rolling Stone said their dance pop droops where it should bounce. Devoted fans, known as Directioners and Team Wanted, compete on Twitter to make the bands a trending topic, and have been a fundamental part in driving sales. As much as we dont try to be perfect all the time, we knew America had an idea of boy bandswe have to thank them because they welcomed us with open arms, and we could never have expected it, said McGuiness. One Directions first album, Up All Night, sold more than 176,000 copies in its first week, entering the Billboard 200 album chart at No. 1 and making history as the first UK band to debut at the top with their first album. The Wanted also look set to chart high, currently at No. 7 on iTunes. One Direction has more than 5 million fans on Facebook and 3.2 million Directioners following on Twitter, while The Wanted have more than 1.6 million fans on Facebook and 500,000 Twitter followers. Parker from The Wanted called the adulation pretty weird at times and Horan from One Direction admitted he gets a bit scared when their female fan base are driven into a frenzy. Manager Braun brushes off critics who dismiss boy bands as mere manufactured creations. People forget that the Beatles were once a cheesy boy band  thats what America other than the teenage girls thought. But then they kept making great recordswhen you make great songs, everyone else just shuts up, said Braun. 10 Comments  Jennifer Lopez to Go On World Tour With EnriqueIglesias Posted in Music , Music news with tags Enrique Iglesias , Jennifer Lopez , world tour on April 17, 2012 by thebestmusicnow Jennifer Lopez is hitting the road this summer, and shes taking Enrique Iglesias with her. The American Idol judge is set to launch a 60-date world tour in South America in June and will be joined by her Mouth 2 Mouth duet partner Iglesias. A source close to Lopez told Celebuzz she is very excited about him joining the tour. This will be a huge tour, complete with a lavish set, full band and team of dancers, the source added. While concert promoter AEG has not confirmed all dates, Lopez and Iglesias will reportedly visit the United States, South America, Europe and Asia this summer after this season of Idol concludes. The tour will make its way through Venezuela, Chile, Argentina and Brazil before returning to the U.S. for a planned second round of production rehearsals with shows beginning here in mid-July. 3 Comments  Bobby Brown Pleads Not Guilty to Drunk DrivingCharges Posted in Celebrity with tags arrest , bobby brown , charges , court , drunk driving , dui , not guilty on April 16, 2012 by thebestmusicnow Whitney Houstons ex-husband Bobby Brown pleaded not guilty on Monday to a charge of drunk driving and driving on a suspended license in Los Angeles last month. 43-year-old Brown did not appear in court for Mondays hearing and his plea was entered by his lawyer. A pre-trial hearing was set for May 16. Brown was arrested on March 26, about six weeks after the sudden death of Houston, when police pulled him over for talking on his cellphone while driving. He then failed a sobriety test, police said. 8 Comments   Older Entries Subscibe! Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 30 other followers Categories Select Category Birthday Breakout Artists Celebrity Charts Cover Song Exclusive News Music Music Alert Music news New Music Photo TV Uncategorized YouTube Blogroll Billboard CMT NEWS Hearya Hollyscoop Hollywire Hypem iMusicDaily Live Music Blog Music-News Perez Hilton PopGoesTheBeat Radar Online RNB Music Rolling Stone Starpulse Stereo Gum TheFameChaser TMZ VH1 Yahoo! Music Blog Blog at WordPress.com . The Black-LetterHead Theme .  The Best Music Now Blog at WordPress.com . The Black-LetterHead Theme . Follow Follow The Best Music Now Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 30 other followers Powered by WordPress.com Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel  