 Looking at arts, culture and entertainment in Gauteng Moira de Swardts ramblings through the arts. Skip to content Home AboutMoira  Today is Freedom Day. God BlessAfrica. Trance (A MovieReview)  Little One (MovieReview) Posted on April 27, 2013 by moirads Title: Little One Directed: Darrell Roodt (written by Darrell Roodt) Starring: Vuyelwa Msimang as Little One and Lindiwe Ndlovu as Pauline and Mutodi Neshehe as Detective Morena Date: 2012 Genre: Drama Rating: 5/10 Little One is a 2012 South African drama film directed by Darrell Roodt. The film was selected as the South African entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist. There were lots of reasons for it not making the final shortlist. Firstly it is not well written. The story line has huge gaping holes in it in every direction. Talking about direction, Darrell Roodt just fails to make any effort, never mind be meticulous about things. And then it is emotionally manipulative rather than dramatically powerful. It is sad, really, for this movie was an opportunity to make a powerful and relevant social point about child rape and abuse and it nearly completely fails because of poor artistic merit. A lot of the value assigned to it in the rating is because of the power of the basic story line and some nice acting. About these ads Share this: Twitter Facebook Like this: Like Loading... About moirads Multi-skilled, trained theologian (Christian), administrator and journalist, I conduct weddings, funerals and facilitate spiritual growth workshops.Theatre, music, dance and visual arts are my passions. I have been making my musical musings, theatre talks and dance dialogues public since February 1999 when I acquired access to the internet.Books are another passion, and I have a particular interest in South African ecology and history.I have been interested in first aid and health 'forever' because my mother was a highly qualified nurse and my father was a safety officer. I did a first aid course, a fire fighting course and then an advanced first aid course and I loved them. View all posts by moirads  This entry was posted in Movies , South African Culture , Uncategorized and tagged child abuse , child rape , Little one . Bookmark the permalink .  Today is Freedom Day. God BlessAfrica. Trance (A MovieReview)  Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:  Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website  You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( LogOut / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( LogOut / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( LogOut / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of follow-up comments via email.  Search for: Recent Posts The Heat, a great night out at the movies for thegirls Pain  Gain, moviereview The Standard Bank Joy of JazzFestival The ReluctantFundamentalist Lady Florence Phillips, the woman who gave Joburg its artgallery Archives August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 Categories Art Exhibitions Books Childrens Theatre Classical Music Dance Ecology Food Health Jazz Johannesburg Marriages Movies Music Religion Revue South African Culture Theatre Uncategorized Wine and other alcohol Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Looking at arts, culture and entertainment in Gauteng The Twenty Ten Theme . Blog at WordPress.com .  Follow Follow Looking at arts, culture and entertainment in Gauteng Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 316 other followers Powered by WordPress.com %d bloggers like this: 