  Home About WhoWeAre Board President'sMessage Membership JoinAACI-BecomeaMember RenewyourAACILocalMembership Benefits AliyahPlanningOrganizer Newsletter CurrentIssue Archives Sign-Up Contact Contribute GeneralContribution MemorialGift BuildingFund 2013-2014AnnualSupportCampaign  Aliyah & Klitah Customs Driving in Israel Education Finances Health Housing Legal Directory Retiring in Israel Status Tips AACI Locations National Jerusalem Netanya Central North South Programs & Activities AACI Branch Activities AACI Cemetery  Bereavement Program AACI Continuing Education AACI Discounts AACI Jerusalem 2012-2013 Opera Package AACI Memorial Ceremony AACI Travel  Cruises AACI Travel Experience AACI Walking Tours Library for the Visually Impaired Seniors Division AACI Services Pre-Aliyah Services Employment Services Counseling Services in Israel Business Mentoring Loans Scholarships Calendar & Events Pilot Trips AACI Box Office Links Share | Buying and Selling a Car AACIDrivingArticles Driving in Israel Buying and Selling a Car Car Insurance Driving for the Disabled Oleh Tourists and Cars Updated: February 2010 Everything You Always Wanted to Know In order to enjoy your rights as a new immigrant when purchasing a vehicle, you must apply to the local Marmanet or Teldor branch in your area for an Israeli Drivers' License. Application may be made within three years of aliyah, one is permitted to drive in Israel with their foreign or international driver's license for one full (1) year following their date of entry into Israel after obtaining Oleh or temporary resident status. (See AACI Information sheet - Driving in Israel) *Important Notice* Please note that if you take your driving lesson and test in an automatic vehicle, you will be issued a license limiting you to drive only automatic vehicles. However, if you take the lesson and test using a stick shift vehicle, it will be valid for both types. Driving lessons cost approximately NIS 90.00 per lesson using a standard transmission (stick) vehicle, and NIS 100.00 using an automatic vehicle. The driving test fee is NIS 300.00 which includes the practical examination (road test) and use of the car from the driving school. Please note prices are subject to change. Once you have received your license and are ready to purchase a car, this is the procedure: FOR A NEW CAR: Contact the car dealer and describe exactly what you want. Be sure to specify what extras you want and make certain they are written into the sale agreement. Usually, you must pay the full purchase price in advance (including the additions you requested) plus a fee for taking the car out of the port and registering it with the Bureau of Motor Vehicles. Be sure that each sum is specified as there are set fees for some of these services, and if you are overcharged you will be entitled to your money back. Be sure to ask how long you will have to wait to receive your car. If the dealer gives you some idea (one week, one month, etc.) you will be able to keep calling him to ask when it will arrive (but be prepared for it to take longer than expected). You will need to give the car dealer the following documents: Teudat Oleh, identity card (Teudat Zehut), passport, and a letter obtainable upon request at the time of application for driver's license indicating that you received your Israeli Driver's license based on your foreign license. When the vehicle has been cleared by the Tax Authorities at the port and has been registered, the dealer will contact you. INSURANCE The car dealer will give you the Chassis No. (Mispar Shilda) and the license plate number (Mispar Rishum) of the vehicle. In order to pick up the car, you must bring a compulsory insurance certificate (Teudat Bituach Chova), which is issued by an insurance agent and paid for at the bank or post office. You must supply the insurance agent with the following information: Chassis number, plate number, manufacturer of car and model, Year of manufacture and engine size (cc). You are required by law to carry compulsory insurance - bituach chova - (which protects against body injury) and your insurance agent will explain the various optional coverages, i.e., full comprehensive, fire and theft or third party only. You should also carry with you your Teudat Zehut, driver's license, and car registration papers. Olim  Who is permitted to drive your car? A car purchased utilizing Oleh rights can only be driven by the oleh and spouse or live-in partner listed on the license for a period of five years following the purchase. Children of the oleh living in the same residence who have a valid Israeli license may also drive the car after receiving official permission from Customs. After this time the Customs Authority must be approached for permission to remove the clause on the vehicle license. It is frequently the case that Olim are visited by parents and for convenience sake would like them to be able to drive whilst in Israel. The Customs Authority has the discretion to allow a parent who is not an Israeli citizen to be included on the license, for a period of up to 30 days per year. Please note that Customs also has the right to refuse such a request. The following documents should be presented to the closest Customs Office: Documents belonging to the Oleh: Letter of request from the oleh to whom the car is registered stating the reason they want their tourist parent to drive and the requested dates. Full details of car owner, including address, phone numbers Teudat Oleh and Teudat Zehut Vehicle License Documents of the tourist parent: Driving License of visitor Passport of the visitor Airline ticket Either the oleh or the tourist must go to Customs with all of the documents (of both people) The decision should be made immediately. In addition to the Customs Authority, it is suggested that you speak with your insurance agent in order to ensure the cover is extended appropriately. SALE OF A CAR When you sell the car, you and the prospective buyer together must take the transfer of ownership form (haaverat ba'alut), which is attached to the car license to your local post office or bank. There, you must both sign the form and pay a small sum and have the form stamped. Do not hand over the transfer of ownership form without making sure it has been paid. Often, the buyer will avoid or forget about transferring ownership, and you will find yourself getting parking tickets and other traffic violations long after you have sold the vehicle. Do not accept a personal check in payment for the car. Suggest instead that they give you cash or a bank check, which can be cashed at the same time you transfer the car ownership. SALE OF A CAR PURCHASED WITH OLIM RIGHTS You may sell a vehicle purchased with Olim rights without paying outstanding taxes only after 4 years have elapsed from date of purchase, provided that the owner has been in Israel for the full four year period. Any vacations taken abroad during the time may or may not be added to the 4 years; this decision is made at the discretion of the Customs Authority. When you are ready to sell the car you must fax the regional Customs Authority (see below*) your identity card and car registration and they will inform the Bureau of Motor Vehicles directly or send you a letter canceling the restriction. There is no longer a need to go to the Bureau of Motor Vehicles. *Jerusalem 02 654-5616 Tel Aviv 03 9421716 Haifa: 04 862-8469 PASSPORT TO PASSPORT There are two things to remember when purchasing a car from another new immigrant, i.e. passport to passport - Oleh to Oleh.  The seller must open a file at Customs and be given permission by them to sell his car passport to passport, and the buyer should verify that this has been done before committing himself to purchase.  When the vehicle is transferred by the Customs from seller's passport to buyer's passport, the same 4 year restriction begins again for the new owner. USED CARS When purchasing a used car, you will be required to pay the full Israeli market price. It is important to first check one of the local price books to get a general idea of the price and then have the car checked by a special checking station. For a reasonable fee they will check the car thoroughly and will advise if any repairs are necessary. You are then in a position to demand that the seller repair the car before you buy it or to reduce the selling price by the sum of the repairs. Follow the transfer of ownership procedure above and keep the temporary ownership form signed by the previous owner until you get a permanent form in the mail. ANNUAL INSPECTION AND RENEWAL You are required to have the vehicle inspected and to renew the car license every year (except for a new car, which is after two years). If you do not receive a renewal notice in the mail shortly before renewal date, you should contact your local Bureau of Motor Vehicles in order to be sure your car is registered in their computer. Always notify the Bureau of Motor Vehicles of any address change. When you get the annual inspection notice you must pay it in the bank or post office and take it with your driver's license, identity card, car license and compulsory insurance certificate to a local testing station where they will test the brakes, wheel alignment and lights and stamp your papers accordingly. A fine may be incurred if the vehicle is not tested by the date specified on the form. Again, if you do not receive your inspection notice, car license or other pertinent papers, contact your local Bureau of Motor Vehicles. Remember, buying and selling a car in Israel can be done with a minimum of fuss and discomfort if you follow the old adage let the buyer beware and are careful of what you are doing. Check with your regional AACI counselor that the above information is up to date. Following are branches of Marmanet or Teldor around the country. Marmanet and Teldor are open to the public Sunday to Friday. AACI recommends you call to confirm office hours. City Office Address Phone Ashdod Marmanet Chebotro Optica, Industrial Center B, Shop 28 08-853-1905 Ashkelon Teldor Photoshop, Canyon Giron 03-929-8587 Beer Sheva Teldor Marmanet Photoshop, Canyon HaNegev Optica Markovitz, Canyon HaNegev 03-929-8587 08-628-0743 Eilat Marmanet Opt Mabat, Canyon Mull HaYam 08-637-5350 Hadera Teldor Photoshop, Canyon Lev Hadera 03-929-8587 Haifa Teldor Marmanet Photo HaMelachim Optica Barkov, Mercaz Horev 04-867-4343 04-824-1051 Herzliya Teldor Photoshop , Canyon Shevat HaKochavim 03-929-8587 Jerusalem Marmanet Teldor Optica Markowitz, Canyon Yerushalyim , Malcha TsamTsam, Canyon Yerushalyim , Malcha 02-978-5858 03-929-8587 Kfar Sava Teldor Photoshop, Canyon Irim 03-929-8587 Kiryat Shmona Teldor Photoshop Amos, Canyon Shmona 03-929-8587 Krayot Marmanet Optishop , Canyon Kreyon 04-874-2890 Netanya Teldor Optica Eye to Eye, Canyon Hadarim 09-861-6544 Petach Tikva Marmanet Opt Mario , Mulibar 6, Mercaz Baruch 03-931-6018 Ra'anana Marmanet Dan Optic, Canyon Ra'ananim 09 743 8056 Ramat Gan Teldor Us or Us, Canyon Ayalon 03-929-8587 Rehovot Teldor` Photoshop, Canyon Rehovot 03-929-8587 Rishon Lezion Teldor Marmanet Photoshop, Canyon Shaar Rishon Mabat Rishon, Canyon Lev Hair 03-929-8587 03-967-1780 Tel Aviv Marmanet Teldor Roni Markowitz, Ibn Givrol 139 Photoshop, 49 Dizengoff off Dizengoff Center - - 03-9298587 Tiberias Marmanet Opt Shimshon 04-679-1519  It is also advisable to confirm locations and check with the offices for their hours.    AACI 55+/ - Friendship Circle - Activities for Singles  Couples details October 14, 2013 at 15:30 AACI National Memeorial Ceremony. details September 2013 AACI Sukkot Walking Tours details AACI Travel Program 2013 details  view all Calendar events    Disclaimer  Home | Aliyah  Klitah | AACI Locations | Programs  Activities | AACI Services | Employment Counseling | Pilot Trips | Travel with AACI | Links | Membership | Newsletter | Contact | Give Copyright 2008 all rights reserved Association of Americans and Canadians in Israel - Phone: 972-2-566-1181 Fax: 972-2-566-1186 - Website questions or comments?E-mail info@aaci.org.il Designed and developed by PBCS Technology 