 Philippine entertainment blog featuring the latest filipino gossips, scandals, filipino movies, filipino stars and pinoy tv HOME | GLOBAL | HOLLYWOOD | FILIPINO SHOWBIZ | PINOY HUMOR | PINOY POPCULTURE | PINOY SHOP | ABOUT  Filipino Actor Cesar Montano Reveals Sunshine Cruz has new Boyfriend? Just like typical male chauvinist, Actor Cesar Montano is still bitter about the split with his wife Sunshine Cruz. He posted on his instagram where he mentioned that his soon to be ex-wife is now dating somebody else. Apparently, the split wouldnt have started if he had zipped up his pants. Any sane women will dump their husbands cheating ass. Its no longer the dark ages where women have to put up with their husbands cheating ways.   Posted in Pinoy Showbiz | No Comments  Filipino Congressman Benaldo, husband of Daiana Menezes Shoots Self Congressman Benjo Benaldo shoots himself and was found bleeding in his office. Whatever his motives were, its probably to gain sympathy from his estranged wife Daiana Menezes. Not only was he physically abusive towards her, he probably has no money to burn after losing the election. Next time dude, shoot yourself on the head and save us taxpayers from footing your hospital bills. Oh and good luck with your soon to be ex-wife. Cagayan de Oro first district Rep. Benjo Benaldo was rushed to the hospital after he was found bleeding from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound at the South Lobby of the Batasan Pambansa early Thursday evening, officials said. In an interview with Jessica Soho on GMAs State of the Nation news program, House Speaker Feliciano Belmonte Jr. said the 43-year-old Benaldo was alone in his room before he was found bleeding in the lobby. Apparently, nag-iisa lang siya sa room at the time it happened. He probably shot himself in the chest, Belmonte said. Marcelo Castro of the House Media Bureau, who saw Benaldo drenched in blood at the lobby, told GMA News Online that the wounded congressman was immediately brought to New Era Hospital along Commonwealth Avenue. As of posting time, Belmonte said Benaldos condition was progressing at the hospital. Nakakapag-thumbs up pa nga siya at nakatawa, the Speaker said.   Posted in Local News | No Comments  Filipina Singer Yeng Constantinos Boyfriend Yan Asunscion of Indios? Yeng Constantino posted on her instagram with a photo of a mystery guy and her. The guy turned out to be Yan Asunscion of Indios. Included in her post are sugar inducing thanks to her snookums. Its good that she finally found the guy for her. I doubt though if their relationship would last but oh well at least shes happy for now. Marami akong tanong tungkol sa pag-ibig simula pa noon Totoo pala na pag naranasan mo saka mo lang tuluyang maiintindihan sa lahat ng dumaan sa buhay ko, sayo lang ako hindi natakot sumagot ng Oo Nawala lahat ng takot at lahat ng pangamba ang payapa ng puso ko.. sa bawat araw lalo pa lumalago ang pag-ibig ko para sayo Nagpapasalamat ako kay God sa regalong ito.. ito na ang pinakamalupit na regalong natanggap ko.. I love you Love peksman! Hahaha! Source: Facebook   Posted in Pinoy Showbiz | No Comments  Filipino Comedian Sammy Lagmay Died from Kidney Complications Its sad to hear that Filipino Comedian Sammy Lagmay passed away from his lingering illness. He pleaded last june His only wish was to be reunited with his estranged wife and daughters but unfortunately, he died without seeing them. MANILA, Philippines  Comedian Sammy Lagmay, who is best known for his role in the 1980s sitcom Chika Chika Chicks, died on Tuesday after a three-year battle with an illness. Lagmay passed away at his home in San Jose del Monte, Bulacan at around 3 p.m., his sister Mylene said in a text message to radio dzMM Tuesday. The wake for the actor-comedian will be held at St. Peter Memorial Chapel in Tandang Sora, Quezon City. Since 2010, Lagmay had been suffering from complications from diabetes, which were left untreated due to financial difficulties. His condition also cost him his sight. In a recent interview on the ABS-CBN talk show Showbiz Inside Report, Lagmay said his last wish was to reunite with estranged children. Source: Abs Cbn   Posted in Pinoy Showbiz | No Comments  Filipino Actor Enchong Dee and Julia Montes Break Up I almost choked when I read on this article of PEP of which Enchong Dee confessed in an interview that he and Julia Montes broke up last October 2012. I aint buying this bullcrap, no sireeeeI though they made an afreement not to let the public know about but obviously his big mouth had to talk. Probably to dispel the gay rumors about him. Ok sweetheart we understand you, in the meantime lay off the lip glass please. Bagamat hindi nila inamin sa publiko, marami ang nakakaalam na naging sila talaga at nag-break noong October 2012. Sabi ng Kapamilya young actor, “We talked about we agreed na wala kaming ilalabas. “Then, after the workshop, naging maayos na. “Honest kami sa isa’t isa at yung tiwala namin sa isa’t isa, sabi namin ay muli naming ibabalik. “At saka kung sasabihin man ng tao na, ‘Grabe naman, timing naman. Porke’t may gagawing teleserye…’ Source: PEP   Posted in Pinoy Showbiz | No Comments  Filipina Actress Kim Chius Mother Passed Away at age of 50 Louella Yap Chiu, the mother of actress Kim Chiu, passed away last June 23 at the age 50 at Cebu Hospital. The illness wasnt disclosed by the family for privacy purposes. Despite the controversies that Kim Chiu went through, she remained firm for the sake of her family. I hope she gets through this difficult time. MANILA – The mother of Kapamilya actress Kim Chiu passed away on Sunday. She was 50. According to information gathered by ABS-CBN News, Louella Yap Chiu had been confined at a Cebu hospital due to an illness. The family has refused to disclose more information. The news team has yet to determine when Mrs. Chiu was admitted to the hospital. As of writing, the family of the actress refused to grant any media interviews. Chiu is asking the public to respect their family’s privacy as they mourn the loss of their mother. Heartfelt condolences Meanwhile, supporters of Chiu took to the social networking site Twitter to express their deepest condolences to the actress’ family. Most of them told the actress to just stay strong amid this ordeal for there is a reason why things happen. Others, meantime, reminded the actress that they will pray for her in this trying time. News source: ABS CBN   Posted in Pinoy Showbiz | No Comments  Filipino Basketball Player James Yaps Italian Girlfriend? James Yap certainly moved on to much hotter rumored italian girlfriend named Michelle Acazzola. While nothings confirmed yet on his camp, that certainly aint stopping people from blabbering. Im pretty sure that got Queen of Blab Kris Aquino (James Yaps infamous ex) probably foaming in the mouth with anger. Picture source from San Mig Mixers fb   Posted in Pinoy Showbiz | No Comments  Filipina Doctor Yas Muralla Scandal? I have no idea who this doctor Yas Muralla was nor was I even aware of the show Doctors on TV. But theres this nude photos of her thats making rounds on Facebook. Im not so sure if this was indeed her in the photo since I dont see any news verifying this report. Oh well I suspect either her husband or the wife of this certain Architect Signo has gotten hold of this saucy photos of her. I dont know whats with these people who are snapping intimate photos of themselves.   Posted in Filipino Scandals | No Comments  Filipino Barbecue Vendor to Remake Rashomon, a Japanese Movie I could not help but feel dismayed when I saw this article on yahoo. While this amateur filmmaker has this noble intention but I couldnt understand why he choose to remake a Japanese classic movie. Im sorry but this whole limited resources is not an excuse if he has limited access to filipino classics. Theres many of it available online and posted on youtube. Can I say typical colonial mentally? I see this as a grandiose attempt to ride coattails on this Oscar winning foreign fiilm. So how are they going to remake it? Will they convert the samurai into fisherman, carpenter or whatever? Or will they just dress up the local actor as samurai? The country has so many struggling original filmmakers yet Martha Atienza, Lav Diaz and etc choose to support this guy. Unbelieveable how they tolerate in encouraging aspiring filmmakers to be unoriginal. Its gonna inspire new waves of struggling filmmakers to remake foreign classics. Well probably be seeing remakes of Ingmar Bergmans Seventh Seal, Citizen Kane, Casablanca, and etc. Rashomon Japanese Movie Cloyd Ribo, a middle-aged struggling local filmmaker from a remote island in southern Philippines, dreams of remaking Akira Kurosawas award-winning film Rashomon in his native dialect (Lawisanon). With the help of trusted artist-friends, Ribo is in the process of making this film project a reality on Bantayan Island in Cebu. Asked why he chose to remake Rashomon, Ribo explained: Its a narrative that revealed so much about humanity. Rashomon is a Japanese crime drama film that won the Golden Lion Award for its director (Akira Kurosawa) in the 1951 Venice Film Festival, and Best Foreign Language Film in the 24th Academy Wards in the US in 1952. Ribo is a self-taught filmmaker, who has been studying the craft from online sources, mostly from Youtube, since 2010. His barbecue-cum-internet shop has been the venue of his online learning. From there, he has learned the ropes of film making, including how to use the camera, editing, and graphic ad via the internet. Under Project Cloyd initiated by the Office of Culture and Design (OCD), a group of Filipino directors from the Philippine independent cinema community and Spanish directors has been helping Ribos group realize this project. The lineup of directors and creative professionals include Lav Diaz, Yason Banal, Martha Atienza, Franco Guerrero, Joey Suaco, Raya Martin, Spanish director Carlos Casas and graphic artist Rafa Cortez. Source: Yahoo   Posted in Indie Filipino Films | No Comments  Pinoy Senator Tito Sottos Plagiarized Speech Got the Attention of Blogger Sarah Senator Tito Sottos Maalaala mo kaya worthy performance on Turno en Contra on the Reproductive Health is plagued with issue such as plagiarism. Obviously, since he got some lazy staff to write the speech for him, this leaves him no choice to assume responsibility for it. Instead of apologizing for this embarrassing lapse, he vehemently denied it the way seasoned politicians do. I wonder if that staff will be expecting some Christmas bonus this year? Anyway, all this hoopla got the attention of the blogger Sarah who originaly wrote the article. Apparently, she wasnt amused. Read about it here . You guys can stop apologizing on behalf of our idiotic senator, she seems cool about it. The good thing about it is that it got the attention on the serious side effects the pill might cause in the long run. The fight for RH Bill still continues and hope that it will indeed gets passed. Below is a comparison of Sottos speech and Sarahs blog: Sottos speech: According, to Dr. Natasha Campbell-McBride MD, the use of the pill also causes severe gut dysbiosis. What is worse, drug induced gut imbalance is especially intractable and resistant to treatment either with probiotics or diet change. Sarahs blog: According, to Dr. Natasha Campbell-McBride MD, use of other drugs such as the Pill also cause severe gut dybiosis. Whats worse, drug induced gut imbalance is especially intractable and resistant to treatment either with probiotics or diet change. Sottos speech: Gut imbalance brought on through use of the pill negatively impacts the ability to digest food and absorb nutrients. As a result, even if a woman eats spectacularly well during pregnancy, if she has been taking oral contraceptives for a period of time beforehand, it is highly likely that she and her baby are not reaping the full benefits of all this healthy food as the lack of beneficial flora in her gut preclude this from occurring. Sarahs blog: gut imbalance brought on through use of The Pill negatively impacts the ability to digest food and absorb nutrients. As a result, even if a women eats spectacularly well during pregnancy, if she has been taking oral contraceptives for a period of time beforehand, it is highly likely that she and her baby are not reaping the full benefits of all this healthy food as the lack of beneficial flora in her gut preclude this from occurring. Sottos speech: Pathogenic, opportunistic flora that take hold in the gut when the pill is used constantly produce toxic substances which are the by-products of their metabolism. These toxins leak into the woman’s bloodstream and they have the potential to cross the placenta. Therefore, gut dysbiosis exposes the fetus to toxin. Sarahs blog: Pathogenic, opportunistic flora that take hold in the gut when The Pill is used constantly produce toxic substances which are the by-products of their metabolism. These toxins leak into the woman’s bloodstream and guess what, they have the potential to cross the placenta! Therefore, gut dysbiosis exposes the fetus to toxins. Sottos speech: Not well known is also the fact that use of the pill depletes zinc in the body. Zinc is called the intelligence mineral as it is intimately involved in mental development. Sarahs blog: Not well known is the fact that use of The Pill depletes zinc in the body. Zinc is called the intelligence mineral as it is intimately involved in mental development. Source: Yahoo News   Posted in Local News | No Comments   Previous Entries  Custom Search Categories Celebrity Filipina Stars Filipino Films Filipino Hunk Filipino Popculture Filipino Scandals Filipino TV Shows Global Hollywood Indie Filipino Films International News Local News Odd Stuff OPM artist Pinoy Celebrity Pinoy Events Pinoy Humor Pinoy Music Pinoy Showbiz Site News Tv Shows Disclaimer: All images,information, facts, gossips are taken from original source. We are not liable nor responsible for possible inaccurate facts taken from the source. This blog is NOT affiliated or associated with any television networks and other publication, both online and offline. Privacy Policy 