 Close 01604 666 713 Email: Password: Not registered? HOME PRODUCTS SHIPPING ABOUT US CONTACT US 0 BASKET NEW ITEM IN THE BASKET has been added!     CALL US NOW ON 01604 666 713  One of Europe's leading van and car parts suppliers We are never beaten on price; give us a try! We have 14 depots nationwide where you can collect your fantastic value car and van parts - the same day! Our highly trained team of car spares specialists will ensure you get the right parts for your vehicle and will be with you through the whole process We have a state of the art BOSCH approved workshop spanning 12,000ft, the largest in Northampton. Call us for an ultra competitive quote if you would like your parts fitted too! Be safe in the knowledge that ALL our parts come with a MINIMUM 12 month guarantee Need your parts urgently? Call an advisor and ask for NEXT DAY DELIVERY on your order and get your van or car spares fast! Buy from us with confidence, knowing that all transactions and personal information is 100% secure Brand new car and van parts for all makes and models    Loading Find Your Discount Part Online Enter your registration number:   Loading No Registration Number? Enter your vehicle details: Fuel Type... Petrol Diesel LPG Engine Size... Manufacturer... Year... Model... Body Type...  We're here to help!   Talk to one of our friendly trained specialists for help and support with finding the correct parts   Call 01604 666 713  Welcome to the website of Car Parts Giant where you are sure to find all of the car and van parts you’ll need from Brake Discs and Brake Pads to Catalytic Converters or even Complete Exhaust Systems for all vehicles on the road. We can deliver all of our parts on a next working day service, when requested, and this is not generally limited to small items like Brake Discs but we can also offer this service on medium size items such as Catalytic Converters or Diesel Particulate Filters and we can even deliver a Complete Exhaust System for the largest of Mercedes Sprinter vans the very next day! Without going on too much about our excellent delivery service we can also deliver our parts, like Brake Discs and Brake Pads or Exhaust Systems, direct to your local garage for the ultimate in convenience. In the event you struggle to find the Catalytic Converter or Exhaust System for your car or van then please do get in touch as we have invested heavily in specialist Exhausts and Catalytic Converter manufacturing machinery, enabling us to custom build your very own Exhaust or Catalytic Converter on site at our Northampton depot.   We really are confident that no matter what car spares or van parts you require we either have it or can get it and we can get it to you quickly. So remember, no matter what parts you may need we have them all including, but not limited to, Air Filters, Brake Discs, Brake Pads, Catalytic Converters, Clutches, Dual Mass Flywheels, DPF’s and Complete Exhaust Systems for any car or any van.  We are CAR PARTS GIANT!  Terms Of Use | Terms Of Sale | Privacy Policy | Acceptable Use Policy | Site copyright Car Parts Giant 2012  text 