  Sales: (855) 832-3530 Service: (855) 832-3531 Parts: (855) 832-3529 Follow @TeamHondaBR 6363 Siegen LaneBaton Rouge, La. 70809 Directions Home New Hondas Search New Inventory Honda New Incentives Virtual Test Drives Compare Your Honda Build Your Honda E-Brochures Appraise Your Trade Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Inventory Specials Search Pre-Owned Inventory Search Vehicles Under 10K Appraise Your Trade Certified Specials What Is Certified? Search Certified Inventory Appraise Your Trade Specials Internet Specials Certified Specials Honda Incentives Coupons View Our TV Commercials View Our Print Ad Parts Parts Department Wholesale Parts Team Honda eStore Parts Coupons Service Service Department Honda Owners Center Service Specials Service Coupons New Owner Clinic Collision Team Collision Center Financing Get Approved in Seconds Pre-calificar para el Credito Estimate Your Loan Lease Returns Join The Team! Join the Team Meet the Team Employment Opportunities Employment Application Customer Testimonials Habla Espanol Contact Contact Us Department Hours Employment Opportunities Employment Application View Our Blog  Sedans Honda Accord Sedan A new level of sophistication. Learn More! Honda Civic Sedan The Civic Sedan makes getting personal a snap. Learn More! Honda Civic HF The Civic HF has the same smooth shape as all Civics. Learn More! Honda Civic Hybrid A matter of value. Learn More! Honda Civic Si Sedan The Si has more go-fast fun than ever. Learn More! Honda Crosstour Everything you need, when and where you need it. Learn More! Honda Fit The Fit is GO! Learn More! Honda Insight Hybrid A hybrid for everyone. Learn More! Coupes & Hatchbacks Honda Accord Coupe The Accord Coupe gets a fresh look. Learn More! Honda Civic Coupe Now comes the next step: getting personal with it. Learn More! Honda Civic Si Coupe Get inside a Si, and you're in for an experience. Learn More! Honda CR-Z The perfect gear for every driving occasion. Learn More! Crossovers & Minivans Honda Crosstour Everything you need, when and where you need it. Learn More! Honda CR-V The up-for-almost-anything CR-V Learn More! Honda Odyssey Loaded with useful, cutting-edge technology. Learn More! Honda Pilot The Pilot has a stylish, upscale look, inside and out. Learn More! SUVs & Trucks Honda CR-V The up-for-almost-anything CR-V Learn More! Honda Pilot The Pilot has a stylish, upscale look, inside and out. Learn More! Honda Ridgeline We thought of everything so you can do almost anything. Learn More! Hybrids Honda CR-Z The perfect gear for every driving occasion. Learn More! Honda Civic Hybrid A matter of value. Learn More! Honda Insight Hybrid A hybrid for everyone. Learn More! Search New Search Certified Search Under $10K Quick Quote Search Our Inventory  Pre-Owned Inventory   New Inventory  false false false Featured Pre-Owned Inventory Featured Certified 2010 Honda Civic $15,566 Vehicle Details 2010 Honda Civic More Info 2011 Honda CR-V $22,766 Vehicle Details 2011 Honda CR-V More Info 2007 Honda Odyssey $7,566 Vehicle Details 2007 Honda Odyssey More Info 2012 Honda Accord $17,966 Vehicle Details 2012 Honda Accord More Info 2008 Honda Accord $17,966 Vehicle Details 2008 Honda Accord More Info 2011 Honda Accord $16,966 Vehicle Details 2011 Honda Accord More Info 2010 Honda Accord $16,766 Vehicle Details 2010 Honda Accord More Info 2010 Honda Accord $18,466 Vehicle Details 2010 Honda Accord More Info  Team Honda in Baton Rouge, LA  New and Used Car Dealer Team Honda is your new and used Honda dealership in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Located between Airline Highway (Hwy 61) and Interstate 10, at 6363 Siegen Lane, Team Honda in Baton Rouge is centrally located and ready to serve the Baton Rouge and surrounding communities; including Denham Springs, Prairieville, Gonzales, Baker, Central, Zachary, Walker, Geismar, Laplace, Metairie, Kenner, New Orleans. If you're looking for a new Honda, search our new Honda vehicle inventory online, build your Honda online, or come in today to browse our huge inventory and take a test drive with one of our experienced salespeople. Team Honda also wants to be your used car dealer in Baton Rouge. We maintain a huge inventory of used vehicles, including the largest inventory of Certified Pre-owned Hondas in the State. Shop our complete inventory of used vehicles, including our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles, or shop for bargain vehicles under $10K. We have an amazing Honda Service Department to meet all your service and parts needs - we carry genuine Honda Parts . Team Honda in Baton Rouge carries the complete lineup of Honda vehicles, and has 100's of new Hondas IN STOCK for you to choose from. Our selection includes the popular Honda Accord Sedan and sporty Honda Accord Coupe, the economical Honda Civic Sedan and Honda Civic Coupe, the sporty Honda Civic Si, the Honda CR-V and Honda Pilot sport utility vehicles, the all-purpose Honda Element, the hip and cool Honda Fit, the cutting-edge Honda Insight hybrid, the luxurious and roomy Honda Honda Odyssey van, the unique Honda Ridgeline truck, the unique Honda Crosstour sport wagon and the all new Honda CR-Z sport hybrid. So, what are you waiting for, for all your 2013 Honda or 2014 Honda vehicle needs, contact our internet specialists. Visit Team Honda for a test drive and Join the Team today! ** Combined mpg. Based on 2012 EPA mileage estimates. Use for comparison purposes only. Do not compare to models before 2008. Your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle. Disclaimer: Louisiana's #1 Honda Dealership is based on American Honda Motor Registrations results for 2012 New Car Sales and Certified Pre-Owned.  Website Design & Digital Marketing Company : Click Here Publishing 