 Skip to navigation Skip to content Help using this website - Accessibility statement JavaScript disabled. Please enable JavaScript to use My News, My Clippings, My Comments and user settings. My News My Clippings My Comments My History My Benefits Subscribe Log in Register Personalise your news, save articles to read later and customise settings If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page . If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page .  The Sydney Morning Herald Entertainment Movies TV  Radio Box Seat MasterChef Music Art Stage Books Box Office TV Recaps Get Flick'd Chatter Box Good Food Events You are here: Home Entertainment Books Article Search smh: Search in: Entertainment smh.com.au Web Entertainment  Art and the abyss Date May 25, 2013 (0) Read later Reviewed by Richard Flanagan Tweet Pin It submit to reddit Email article Print Reprints  permissions Karl Ove Knausgaard has published two parts of his six-volume work. Photo: The New York Times AUTOBIOGRAPHICAL FICTION A MAN IN LOVE By Karl Ove Knausgaard Harvill Secker, $32.95 A Man in Love is the second volume to be published in English of a monumental six-volume, 3600-page autobiographical novel by Norwegian writer Karl Ove Knausgaard, collectively titled - amusingly for a small nation once invaded by Nazi Germany - My Struggle . The first volume, published last year in English as A Death in the Family , was about the author's adolescence and his father's death. It was the best contemporary work of literature I had read for several years. My Struggle is an astonishing creation in which Knausgaard invents a monstrous, tender, brutal, gentle, vain, humble, selfish, brilliant and banal man called Karl Ove Knausgaard, whose life he documents minutely. Just as Walter Whitman, failed journalist, had only superficial resemblances to Walt Whitman, genius, of Leaves of Grass , so too, one suspects, the Knausgaard of these pages shares some but by no means all characteristics of the real Knausgaard. This is one of the strangest projects of recent literature, and one of the most fearless. Advertisement  As A Man in Love slowly opened up to me, I began to make sense of the grand architecture of Knausgaard's ambition. Where the first volume was about death, this was about creation. It tells of Knausgaard's time after he leaves his first wife and Norway for a new life in Sweden. There he falls in love with the poet Linda, with whom he has three children. A time of love becomes one of crisis also; his purpose in life, to write, becomes impossible, and the book ends with him abandoning fiction and starting a new project in which he seeks meaning by writing up his life, beginning the work that will become My Struggle . He writes quickly, up to 20 pages a day, seeking to stay ahead of his thoughts. This means abandoning all attempts at literary perfection. ''You have to burst the balloon that is the world,'' he writes, ''and let everything in it spill over the side.'' As a result, much of the writing is bad, cliches abound and, rather than cut, Knausgaard adds. For him, more is decidedly more. He'll spend a paragraph on making a cup of tea with a tea bag, a page on changing a nappy, and we even get not one shopping list but several. If much of this is dull, it also becomes weirdly compelling; if the task is self-consciously Proustian, it also smacks of the voyeuristic mesmerism of reality television. It is not without writerly vanity: Knausgaard does it because he can. What in the hands of a lesser writer would be in turn pompous, dull, dead and - most unforgivably - unreadable, is here fascinating, occasionally transcendent and rarely less than compulsively readable. ''You can spend twenty pages describing a trip to the loo and hold your readers spellbound,'' says his friend, Geir. ''How many people do you think can do that?'' If it were just this strange virtuosity, Knausgaard would become a boor and the book fail. His description of dreary daily life builds to a larger scream of anguish and isolation. Yet at each point that this threatens to become unbearable, it is relieved and released into passages of sometimes great beauty dealing with God, death and love - all the verities and mysteries rendered coolly, strangely, exquisitely and ever originally. It is all mad and mundane and magnificent at the same time; the hyper-realism honed with images of startling wonder, the self-abasement Knausgaard is willing to visit upon himself - whether it is his bizarre recurrent fear of being feminised or a long description of cooking a Jamie Oliver dish, or Googling himself to find a recommendation suggesting people use his books to wipe their arse. Knausgaard teeters perilously close to pretentiousness and falls into tedium, and still he writes on, and it all finally works, this art of artlessness, because Knausgaard is no mere diarist. He is a remarkable writer who has read widely, thought deeply and understood his craft completely. The sheer scale of these books and their detailed telling gives the misleading impression of them being exhaustive. But large slabs of life and people are clearly absent. The description of the birth of his first child is a stunning set piece but the births of their other two children rate only a sentence. A dinner party runs for 70 pages but four years pass in six words. And in all this, Knausgaard is making careful choices. The technique is novelistic; using specific events and details for certain effects. Things are shaped, balanced, reprised, juxtaposed, imagined. Similarly, his long slabs of dialogue are novelistic in form and purpose and can hardly be regarded as accurate to life. Perhaps in the end it is a novel even more illusory than most by claiming the veracity of a memoir. The truths Knausgaard is chasing are, in any case, not those of his life. In the destruction and re-creation of his own experience he hopes for the universal. ''For I am you,'' he writes, ''and you are everyone, we come from the same and are going to the same.'' This is a book about writing, its nightmarish heritage, its unbearable burdens, its intolerable costs and the redeeming grace it grants of communion and meaning. ''What is a work of art,'' Knausgaard asks, ''if not the gaze of another person?'' The costs of that gaze for a writer such as Knausgaard are great. ''Your life is joyless,'' Geir tells Knausgaard. ''You have such unbelievable reserves and so much talent, which stops there. It becomes art, but never more than that. You're like Midas. Everything he touches turns to gold but he gains no pleasure from it.'' There are numerous meditations on everyone from Lucretius to Rilke, Holderlin to DeLillo, but the two writers who hover over the character of Knausgaard are Dostoevsky and the Knut Hamsun of Hunger (1890), the great Norwegian novel of a starving writer that is arguably the founding text of literary modernism. Pushing a stroller, Knausgaard wanders Stockholm's streets ''with a furious nineteenth-century man inside me''. That man seems to be Hamsun. The narrator of Hunger - monstrous, irascible, compelling - echoes loudly in the obsessive nastiness of Knausgaard, a man for whom writing is life itself, who would leave his wife if she came between him and his writing, and who seeks to ''write as if my life depended upon it''. If A Man in Love , for all its remarkable qualities, feels a lesser and less interesting work than A Death in the Family , lacking the power, tension and control of that first volume, it also cannot be judged fairly outside the whole six-volume project, any more than Molly Bloom's soliloquy can be judged outside Ulysses . Knausgaard's struggle for meaning is finally the ceaseless struggle of the novel to reinvent itself, and in its sometimes crazily brave determination to risk failure and mediocrity, My Struggle finds new ways of writing about new things. Though it courts failure, it is in the abyss between a book's ambition and failure that its genius is often found. As Hamsun's Hunger announced the beginning of 20th-century literature, it may be that Knausgaard's My Struggle marks the moment 21st-century literature begins.  Richard Flanagan's new novel, The Narrow Road to the Deep North , will be published by Knopf in September.  Tweet Pin It submit to reddit Email article Print Reprints  permissions  Advertisement  Most popular  1 Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah ... Contains: total comments 231 2 Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist ... Contains: total comments 23 3 The X Factor " /> The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists ... Contains: total comments 15 4 MasterChef recap: Goodbye to a complex dish Contains: total comments 10 5 Diana " /> Doctor lashes out over Diana film Contains: Latest books Fraying bonds of blood and ... Reflections on the madness and ... And the Mountains Echoed Four Plots For Magnets Browse books Browse Books Title: Genre: Any Genre Art/Entertainment Biography Business/Economics Childrens'/Teens Cookbooks, Food & Wine Health History Home & Garden Mystery/Crime Other Nonfiction Other Fiction Politics/Current Events Relationships/Sexuality Religion/Spirituality Romance Science/Nature Science Fiction/Fantasy Travel or browse... Movies Music TV Art Stage Restaurants Bars Book Featured advertisers  Cloud Control Metro Theatre   Event Info   Sep 12 1 of   1 Cloud Control Metro Theatre   Event Info  Sep 12 1 of  1 Find Movie Session Times Title Subject Movie session search Suburb or postcode Cinema Select a cinema Movie Session times  Advertisement  Entertainment Gigs, festivals, markets and more. Find out what’s on Smh.com.au Movies TV Recaps Music Motoring VF Monaro revealed Drive.com.au BMW Z4 first drive review Over 500 car reviews a year Cars for sale on Drive.com.au TheVine 9 shows that should’ve quit while they were ahead Thevine.com.au Entertainment & celebrity news Latest fashion coverage Music news and reviews Holiday Rentals Bring the pet too on your next holiday! Stayz.com.au South Coast holidays Escape to Byron Bay Gold Coast holiday rentals TheVine Why I hate the word 'panties' Thevine.com.au Entertainment & celebrity news Latest fashion coverage Music news and reviews Compare and Save Skip to: Best Deals Mobile Broadband Home Loans Credit Cards Low Rate Cards Rewards Cards Savings Accts Term Deposits Loans Check out today's best deals UBank UHomeLoan Get a 0.25% p.a. upfront discount. Limited time offer. Find Out More No Annual Fee Ever Plus 0% p.a. balance transfer for 6 months Check It Out Fix From 4.39% Rates are falling. Compare home loans & save $000s Compare Now Compare Unlimited SIM Online specials and bonus data deals Compare BYO Phone Deals Need Pre-Paid? Compare pre-paid and post paid SIM only deals Compare BYO Phone Deals  Readers' most viewed Most viewed articles on Brisbane Times Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer Breaking Bad recap: it's Walt's world The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home Most viewed articles on WA Today Top 5 Entertainment articles Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking 'It justifies suicide bombing': Inch'allah pulled from Israeli Film Festival Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Most viewed articles on The Age Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer 'It justifies suicide bombing': Inch'allah pulled from Israeli Film Festival Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking Breaking Bad recap: it's Walt's world Most viewed articles on Canberra Times Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer MasterChef recap: Goodbye to a complex dish Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home Most viewed articles on The Sydney Morning Herald Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home MasterChef recap: Goodbye to a complex dish Doctor lashes out over Diana film SMH Home NSW Federal Politics World National Environment Business Digital Life Entertainment Life  Style Travel Cars Exec Style Sport Weather Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us AM Today Last 8 days Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Connect Mobile Site SMH for iPad Newspaper Replica RSS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Products & Services Subscribe Manage My Subscription My Benefits Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide SMH Shop Newsletters Cracka Wines Classifieds Place an Ad Accommodation Cars Dating Jobs Property Price Data Real Estate Buy and Sell Tributes Celebrations Special Reports Fairfax Media Member Centre Conditions of Use Privacy Policy News Store Archive Photo Sales Purchase Front Pages Fairfax Syndication Fairfax Events Fairfax Careers Press Council Fairfax Media Our Sites The Sydney Morning Herald The Age MyCareer Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby InvestSMART APM Stayz Weatherzone TheVine Our Partners Accessories Business Hair salon Horse Lawyers Mechanics Credit Cards Nursery Wedding Wine Copyright  2013 Fairfax Media  4:24AM Wednesday Aug 28, 2013 Do you know more about a story? contact us Close Provide detailed information, including contact details (if relevant)  Real Estate Cars Jobs Dating Newsletters Fairfax Media Network More Close News  Weather smh.com.au theage.com.au brisbanetimes.com.au canberratimes.com.au nationaltimes.com.au watoday.com.au weatherzone.com.au Business  Finance businessday.com.au brw.com.au afr.com afrmagazine.com.au smartinvestor.com.au investsmart.com.au Lifestyle life  style dailylife.com.au thevine.com.au essentialbaby.com.au essentialkids.com.au findababysitter.com.au goodfood.com.au Classifieds domain.com.au drive.com.au mycareer.com.au rsvp.com.au stayz.com.au Member benefits Advertise with us Newsletters Full list of sites About Fairfax Media Privacy Terms  Conditions  The JavaScript returned from the following page uses the parameter values assigned above to populate an array ofad objects. Once that array has been populated, the JavaScript will call the google_ad_request_done function to displaythe ads.    Adobe Marketing Cloud Tag Management codeCopyright 1996-2012 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.adobe.com  