 In association with Home Music & Clubs Movies Arts Restaurants Features & Columns Giveaways Coupons Classifieds  Review: 'It's Great to be Crazy' With Black Sabbath August 27, 2012 - Matt Crawford For two hours, the iconic hard rock band ran through four decades worth of songs with the same churning persistence that brought Sabbath international fame in and cemented the group as one of the founding members of the heavy metal genre. Read More Silicon Valley Events  Aug 2013 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31  Browse Events  Previous Event Next Event  Tue Aug 27 Caffe Frascati Open Mic at Caffe Frascati (8pm) Music Every Tuesday night in the intimate Caffe Frascati, local performers are encouraged to participate in Open Mic Night. Musical styles of all kinds are welcome, from soulful blues to high-energy rock to catchy pop.  Tue Aug 27 Flavors of Jazz at Santana Row (6:30pm - 8:30pm) Music Santana Row's popular Flavors of Jazz series returns for another season of great music and incredible international cuisine. On Tuesday evenings from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., Santana Row restaurants will each host live performances by local  Wed Aug 28 The Big Bad  Sexy Comedy Tour at San Jose Improv (8pm) Events Come on down to the San Jose Improv as they present their Big Bad & Sexy Comedy Tour. Originally conceived by comedian Herman "Big Worm" Romero and reality TV star Lou Pizarro, this show is perfect for anyone who enjoys diverse comedy  Wed Aug 28 Chronoscopes at The Blank Club (9pm) Music In only four songs-and thirteen minutes time-locals, Chronoscopes showed everyone what they were made of, which it turns out, is quite a lot. Their debut EP Around a Seashell Ashtray has it all: Math rock, Emo, atmospheric indie-rock,  Thu Aug 29 Live Karaoke w Jack Rip Off at Britannia Arms Downtown (9pm) Events Live Karaoke w Jack Rip Off. Sing with or along with some talent! No Cover, with full open seating Patio and full bar. $3 College Night Draft Specials Fri Aug 30 - Sun Sep 1 LEGO KidsFest 2013 at San Jose Convention Center (varies) Events LEGO KidsFest brings all of the creative hands-on, minds-on fun of LEGO building and experiences together in one activity- and entertainment-packed family event for children of all ages and builders of all skills and interests.  Fri Aug 30 Andre Nickatina at Agenda Restaurant  Lounge (7pm) Music Fillmoe rapper Andre Nickatina's latest music video, Jelly, is a step away from being softcore bondage porn. Nickatina, formally known as Dre Dog, has made a career out of that kind of no-holds-barred lyrical style and imagery, while  Sat Aug 31 Daydream Nation Vol. 17 at San Pedro Square Market (7pm) Music Daydream Nation is a collaborative effort put together by a veritable music super team: S*ALT and Content Magazine and Grand Fanali Presents. This night of music will feature two local favorites, Battlehooch and David Knight.  Through Sun Sept 8 Annie Leibovitz: Pilgrimage at San Jose Museum of Art (11am - 5pm) Events Photographer Annie Leibovitz helped make Jann Wenner's fledging rag Rolling Stone the seminal publication of its era; thanks to her portraits of '60s and '70s celebrities, Rolling Stone became a kind of Life magazine for the sex,  Photo Gallery View: All | Clubs | Live Music | Events Japan Expo 1st Impact @ Santa Clara Convention Center C2SV Presents: Jonathan Richman @ Cafe Stritch Zombie-O-Rama @ Gore Park Battle of the Zae 2 @ The Cannery San Jose Bike Party- The Jungle Ride @ Sunnyvale South Bay TNT Latte Art Throwdown @ Roy's Station San Jose Jazz Summer Fest 2013 @ Downtown San Jose Outside Lands 2013 @ Golden Gate Park DRUM! Night 2013 @ San Jose Repertory Theatre Summer Kraftbrew Fest 2013 @Post St. San Jose Campbell Beerwalk @ Downtown Campbell Kid Rock w/ZZ Top @ Shoreline Amphitheater Giveaways Win free stuff including tickets to movies, concerts, clubs and events: View All Tickets to Symbiosis Gathering 2013 Win 2 tickets to Symbiosis Gathering 2013 on September 19-23 at the beautiful Woodward Reservoir. C2SV: Iggy & The Stooges + Wristbands Win tickets to see Iggy and the Stooges plus 70+ bands with Multi-Venue Wristbands at C2SV on September 26-29. $50 to Henry's World Famous Hi-Life Win a $50 Dining Certificate to Henry's World Famous Hi-Life in San Jose.  Loading tweets by @metronewspaper  Music & Clubs Review: Its Great to be Crazy With Black Sabbath Aug 27, 2013 by Matt Crawford Ozzy Osbournes notorious drug-fueled career in 70s and 80s is the ultimate rock n roll cliché—how is the guy still standing after more than 40 years? What isnt cliché is the performance Black Sabbath delivered Monday night at a nearly sold out Shoreline Amphitheatre. For two hours, the iconic hard rock band  Read More Bacon Festival of America Set to Sizzle in San Jose Aug 26, 2013 by Stephen Layton Before Ryan Sebastian, co-owner of Moveable Feast and Treatbot, decided to create San Jose Bacon Festival of America, a large-scale food truck event themed entirely around bacon, he was leaning toward doing a sriracha festival, since everyone around here, he figured, had tried sriracha at some point, thus making it an instantly  Read More Photos: Inaugural Japan Expo at Santa Clara Convention Center Aug 26, 2013 by Stephen Layton Japan Expo made its first impact into the Santa Clara Convention Center this weekend with all things Japanese art and entertainment. Metro photographer Geoffrey Smith II snapped these shots.  Read More Movies The World's End Aug 21, 2013 - by Richard Von Busack There's a shortage of good films about beer—the list ought to include Saddest Music in the World, The Quiet Man, Strange Brew and the "Beer Bad" episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Now there's The World's End, a maniacal apocalyptic comedy. It's the tale of a diabolical pub crawl that changes the destiny of the human race. A group of former pals, grown paunchy, boring, suit-clad and Bluetooth-bearing, are rounded up by their erstwhile "king,"  Read More Jobs Aug 14, 2013 - by Richard Von Busack It's often conventional, marred by a tidy ending, but Jobs deserves defenders. Locally shot at Steve Jobs' childhood home, the $8.5 million biopic failed to set the night on fire when it closed Sundance. News of an Aaron ( The Social Network ) Sorkin-written biopic, in development now, meant that some were referring to Jobs as a beta version of the story even before it was released. According to Jobs' director Joshua Michael Stern, Steve Wozniak has already signed on as a consultant on Sorkin's untitled adaptation of Walter Issacson's book on the Apple co-founder.  Read More The Act of Killing Aug 8, 2013 - by Richard Von Busack The death by garrote of Luca Brasi, acted out by the corpulent Lenny Montana in The Godfather, isn't something you forget fast. The thought that someone made a way of life out of this kind of killing, that he killed a thousand men in this way—is the most stomach-churning part of the documentary The Act of Killing by Joshua Oppenheimer.  Read More The Arts 'Shifting Sands' at the Cantor Arts Center Aug 21, 2013 - by Michael S. Gant Thanks to rising sea levels and elevated temperatures, soon most of us will be living on the littoral or in the trackless wasteland. Such a dire prospect adds a bit of future frisson to the past visions of "Shifting Sands: The Beach and the Desert in 20th-Century Photographs." This small but carefully sifted exhibition at Stanford's Cantor Arts Center reveals both the beauty and the anxiety evoked by crowded shores and desolate dune  Read More Sammy Obeid Aug 14, 2013 - by Jennifer Wadsworth Howard Stern told Sammy Obeid he picked the right career path in standup comedy. Louis C.K. complimented him on a joke—then ignored him. Dave Chappelle was the first famous guy to pronounce his name right (say it with me: "obeyed"). Some haven't been as receptive or ambivalent. A random guy at an Irish bar punched him in the stomach last summer. And some other dude told him he was the least funny comedian he'd ever had the displeasure of hearing.  Read More Features  Columns Bill Sherry Readies the New San Jose Convention Center Aug 21, 2013 - by Jennifer Wadsworth Bill Sherry walked into work promptly at 8am on the first day of his job as Aviation Director of Mineta San Jose International Airport. First appointment: greet the staff. Second: meet the city manager. At the time, May 2005, that was Del Borgsdorf, who would resign from the scandal plagued city administration months later  Read More Art Boxes in Edmonton Inspire San Jose Aug 21, 2013 - by Gary Singh Painted by various artists, all of the murals seemed to reference the local community, its businesses, workers and architecture. It was clearly a comprehensive effort by many facets of civilization, and given Old Strathcona's historical yet edgy vibe, its gorgeous combination of urban underbelly, independent retail and progressive arts infrastructure, the murals fit in perfectly.  Read More Follow Metro Silicon Valley @MetroNewspaper @Metroactive @MetroGiveaways @SVClubs @SVDining @LosGatosDining @PaloAltoDining @SanJoseInside Follow in Santa Cruz and the North Bay @SantaCruzWeekly @NBayBohemian Become a fan on Facebook Friend Metro on Facebook to get real-time updates about Silicon Valley nightlife and entertainment, win cool free stuff, and spend hours of your day while you should be working. Connect with Metro Silicon Valley twitter facebook Current Issue August 21 - 27, 2013 View this week's paper Special Issues Best of Silicon Valley '13 Bars & Clubs Guide '11   Archives | About us | Contact us | Advertise with us 550 S. First Street, San Jose, CA 95113; Tel. 408.200.1300  2013 Metro Newspapers Terms of Service | Privacy Policy 