  Hello Guest! Member Log In Close Panel Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Member Dashboard Getting Started Member Renewal  Home Who We Are Reasons To Join Member Benefits Testimonials FAQ Join Us Now! Associates Free Resources Glossary Baby Boomer Facts Baby Boomer Trends Forums Members Only Getting Started Article Guidelines My Member Benefits Seminar Recordings Job Search Member Directory Member Renewal Contact Advertising  Events Expert Columns Arts  Entertainment Boomer Humor Baby Boomer Expert Books  Authoring Entrepreneurial Authoring Journaling Writing  Publishing Caregiving Eldercare Family  Relationships Divorce Empty Nest Grandparenting Healthy Relationships In-Law Relationships Fashion  Beauty Fashion Food, Drinks and Entertaining Giving Back Philanthropy Going Green Health  Fitness Boomer Womens Fitness Healthy Heart Lifestyle Medical Healh Advice Menopause Nutrition  Metabolism Weight Loss  Diet Home  Garden Gardening Organizational Skills Legally Speaking Womens Law Issues Life Reinvention Reinvention The New Retirement Living with Chronic Illness Love, Sex and Dating Boomer Women Sexuality Male Menopause  Irritable Male Syndrome Shopping  Saving Thrifting Spirituality Inspiration Technology  The Web Blogging Travel Columns Adventure Travel Living Abroad Work  Money Entrepreneurship Finances Winning at Work Women  Work Member Articles Aging Business Communication Skills Domestic Violence and Abuse Empty Nest Faith Financial Grief Health Care and Physical Fitness Humor Midlife Motivation and Inspiration Organizational Skills Personal Relationships Retirement Senior Care Time Management Writing, Publishing, and Marketing News Alerts Announcements Current Newsletters Notices Slideshow Publications Boomer Womens World Weekly Update Reviews Books Boomer Lit Business Childrens Books Cookbooks Elder Care Fiction Going Green/The Environment Health Care and Physical Fitness Historical Fiction Home and Hearth Humor Inspiration Parenting Personal Transformation Poetry/Short Story Product Reviews Relationships Retirement Thrift Travel Womens Issues Writing Music Seminars Home / Expert Columns / Arts  Entertainment / Boomer Humor / Stylin’ Stylin’ Posted By: Leigh Anne Jashaway-Bryant    | More From This Author Stylin’ By Leigh Anne Jasheway NABBW s Boomer Humor Expert I got my hair cut last week. It used to be so easy to do  I’d pick out a hairstyle from a magazine, rip out the page, and take it with me to the hairdresser. Then we’d both laugh and laugh at the idea that my hair might actually do something “stylish.” On occasion, I showed up with pages from DogFancy magazine, but that was mostly during my poodle cut years. When you’re a woman of a certain age, getting your hair cut requires deep introspection and a review of societal expectations. If I keep my hair longish, for example, does that make me look younger or does it just make me look like I’m trying desperately to hold onto my youth? One thing longer hair does for certain is fool men walking behind you into thinking you’re a babe with whom they would like to hook up. Then when you turn around, they discover you’re a cougar with whom they might like to hook up if a babe isn’t available. It’s a fun game and one of the reasons I’ve kept my hair long for the past five years. On the other hand, if I cut my hair short, am I jumping on the midlife hairstyle bandwagon? And if so, what types of drinks do they serve there? Is a “to-the-chin” hairstyle part of the middle-aged woman’s uniform, along with black slacks, a well-positioned scarf, and a mood-swing ring? Or does it say to the world, “I am not my hair!” Because that message is definitely preferable to “I am not my bladder.” I had very short hair for much of my life. I also had a lot more estrogen back then and didn’t have to worry that I might be mistaken for a guy. My Lauren Hutton-like voice these days doesn’t do much to convince people otherwise. I did all the soul-searching I could bear. Afterward, I did some key-searching and headed off to the salon, where I closed my eyes and said to the stylist, “Do whatever you want as long as it’s not a mullet.” After all, there are some styles even a dog-groomer shouldn’t revisit. My hair is now shortish, but it still moves when I shake my head like a dog with ear mites. And if this cut says I’m a midlife woman who’s done trying to convince people I’m anything but, good! Now, where’d I put those black pants and that mood ring? Leigh Anne Jasheway, M.P.H. is a stress management and humor expert who helps women and men manage stress, embrace change, and become healthier by learning to lighten up. She speaks at 50-60 conferences and workshops every year and has been a national Speaking of Women’s Health and Healthy Woman keynoter. She’s a member of the Association for Applied and Therapeutic Humor (AATH). Learn more about her at her website. Leigh Anne’s new book,  Confessions of a Semi-Natural Woman  (a collection of 99 of her funniest humor columns from the past ten’ish years – including the one that won the Erma Bombeck Humor Writing Competition – is now available at www.accidentalcomic.com ) She also has a new blog . Of if she says,  If you go there and like what you see, you can subscribe by clicking the subscribe button (who knew?) January 31st, 2012 in Boomer Humor No Comments  Tags: Anne Holmes , Baby Boomer Women , Baby Boomers , boomer hairstyles , boomer humor , boomer women , Boomer Women Speak , Boomers , Healthy Woman , Humor , I just washed my hair and I can't do a thing with it , Leigh Anne Jasheway. , NABBW , NABBW.com , National Association of Baby Boomer Women , Stylin'  Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Expert Columns Boomer Lit Business Children's Books Cookbooks Elder Care Fiction Going Green/The Environment Health Care and Physical Fitness Historical Fiction Home and Hearth Humor Inspiration Parenting Personal Transformation Poetry/Short Story Product Reviews Relationships Retirement Thrift Travel Women's Issues Writing Member Articles Aging Business Communication Skills Domestic Violence and Abuse Empty Nest Faith Financial Grief Health Care and Physical Fitness Humor Midlife Motivation and Inspiration Organizational Skills Personal Relationships Retirement Senior Care Time Management Writing, Publishing, and Marketing   National Association of Baby Boomer Women 9672 W US Highway 20 • Galena, IL 61036 • info@nabbw.com • 1-877-BOOMERZ NABBW does not represent or endorse the reliability of any information or offers in connection with advertisements, articles or other information displayed on our site. Please do your own due diligence when viewing our information. Copyright © 2005-2013, National Association of Baby Boomer Women | BoomerCo Inc. and Anne Holmes | All rights reserved  