  CONTACT US AUCTIONEERS  APPRAISERS ACADEMY SERVICES SELLING BIDDING AUCTIONS  Buy or sell vehicles in Auction Systems’ auto auctions, in person or online.   Auction System's Auto Auctions are Open To the Public   BUYING A VEHICLE AT AUCTION There are many benefits to buying an auto through auction. One of the major benefits is that buyers do not have to pay the infamous dealer mark up. Bidders can find all kinds of autos through auction whether it be cars, trucks, motorcycles, motor homes, recreational toys, boats and trailers. All sales are final and must be paid for on auction day. Bidders can attend the auto auction live or online. Vehicles are sold “as is.” You are responsible for carefully reading descriptions and making the decision to bid on the vehicles(s) you are interested in based on the information that is available. All of the vehicles sold at auction have a clean title which will be signed over to your name and notarized so that you are able to have it transferred at the Department of Motor Vehicles. The majority of vehicles we sell have keys, however, in some special situations (especially with abandoned airport vehicles), there may not be keys. Please be sure to read the description for the vehicle which will state if keys are included. If no statement regarding keys is made, you can assume there are keys for the vehicle.   SELLING A VEHICLE AT AUCTION Selling your auto through auction is a great way to have your vehicle marketed to the public and sold for fair market value, saving you from paying for expensive newspaper ads and phone calls. More importantly, auto auction selling will save you time as you can sell quickly through auction. To sell you vehicle at auction we require a clear title free of any liens. You do not have to have current tags and the vehicle can even have an out of state title or plates. As long as you are the owner of the vehicle and the title is marketable, we can auction your auto. If you’re interested in finding auto auctions, vehicle auctions, truck and car auctions or buying or selling your vehicle at an auto auction, contact us online or call 800-801-8880 today. Main Menu Home Auctions Auto Auctions Real Estate Auctions Police Auctions Equipment Auctions Surplus Auctions Seized Property Auctions Jewelry Auctions Liquidation Auctions Antique Auctions Online Auctions Auction Locations Auction FAQs Bidding Selling Services Interactive What Clients Say FAQ's About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap Sign up for Email Updates and SMS (Text) Updates  Be the first to know about upcoming auctions, items up for auction and when auction previews are scheduled! First Name * Last Name * Email * Mobile Phone (To Receive Text Message Alerts Please Include Your Mobile Number) Receive RSS Feeds Visit Our Blog ASRN Radio About Auction Systems History Press Articles Blog  Home Blog About Us Press Auctions Appraisals Locations  Hours Auction FAQ's Interactive Careers Help / Hints Contact Us Bid Online Bid Live Sell Sitemap Privacy Policy Auction Systems Auctioneers & Appraisers, Inc. 951 W. Watkins St. Phoenix, Arizona 85007  2013. All Rights Reserved. tw 