 Skip to Navigation Skip to job search form Skip to page content Dont display this message again Are You An Employer? If you're looking to post a job or search resumes, go to our employer website . (Thanks, but I'm looking for jobs ).  Resumes Skip to next Menu item Skip to job search form Skip to help links Jobs Skip to next Menu item Skip to job search form Skip to help links Career Resources Skip to Static Menu Skip to job search form Skip to help links Join Us or Sign In Help & Security  FAQ Search Tips Security Privacy Policy Close Employers Use New Search in Search Tips Search Advanced Search Jobs Creative Design Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management  Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Jobs  RSS Tweet 1000+ Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management jobs found on Monster. Jobs 1 to 20 of 100 View all jobs 3D Model Drafter (Theater/Performing Arts) Adecco Engineering  Technical San Francisco , CA , 94111 Posted 3 days ago . Adecco Engineering and Technical, a division of the world leader in the recruitment of engineering and information technology professionals, has an immediate opening for a 3D Model Drafter on a long term contract opportunity with a leading performing arts/media facilities planning and design company in San Francisco, CA. Overview: Our client combines a demonstrated background in programming, pla... Job details & apply Web Design  Interactive Media Faculty (Part Time) The Art Institutes Hollywood , CA , 91601 Posted 54 days ago The Art Institute of California - Hollywood, a Los Angeles based design college is one of the Art Institutes, America’s leader in post secondary career-oriented education for the creative arts. We offer degree programs in Interior Design, Fashion Design, Graphic Design, Web Design  Interactive Media, Set  Exhibit Design, Game  Art Design, Digital Photography, Media Arts  Animation, Digital Fil... Job details & apply Senior Consultant- Information, Media  Entertainment Cognizant Technology Los Angeles , CA , 90001 Posted 4 days ago Cognizant is a leading provider of information technology, consulting and business process outsourcing services. A member of the NASDAQ-100 Index and SP 500 Index, Cognizant is a Forbes Global 2000 company and a member of the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top information technology companies in Business Week’s Info Tech 100, Hot Growth and Top 50 Performers listings. Cognizant is a leading... Job details & apply Sr. LAMP Web Developer - Online entertainment media leader! CyberCoders Hollywood , CA , 90027 Posted 27 days ago CyberCoders Matching Great People with Great Companies Learn more about CyberCoders Sr. LAMP Web Developer Hollywood, CA; West Hollywood, CA Full-Time $120,000 - $160,000 Posted 8/27/2013 Bryan Kuna is recruiting for this position. Email your resume to Bryan Apply Job Details We are an extremely well-funded start-up that is rapidly becoming an industry leader in the online media space! We are expe... Job details & apply Senior PHP Developer - Well-funded entertainment media leader! CyberCoders Hollywood , CA , 90027 Posted 27 days ago CyberCoders Matching Great People with Great Companies Learn more about CyberCoders Senior PHP Developer Hollywood, CA; West Hollywood, CA Full-Time $120,000 - $160,000 Posted 8/27/2013 Bryan Kuna is recruiting for this position. Email your resume to Bryan Apply Job Details We are an extremely well-funded start-up that is rapidly becoming an industry leader in the online media space! We are experi... Job details & apply Lead PHP Developer – Profitable Digital Entertainment Company – Work L ZipRecruiter Manhattan , NY , 10008 Posted 5 days ago Are you a Lead PHP Developer with extensive PHP experience? Are you a Lead LAMP Engineer who has experience with SQL and MVC Frameworks? Are you a Senior PHP Developer looking to work for a stable, yet steadily growing company? If so, read on. This Manhattan-based digital entertainment technology company with millions of users is looking for a full-stack Lead PHP Developer to join their team. This... Job details & apply Java Developer – Profitable Digital Entertainment Company – Work Life ZipRecruiter Manhattan , NY , 10008 Posted 5 days ago Are you a Software Engineer or Java Developer with experience developing JEE Web Applications? Are you a Java Developer with solid experience using Spring? Are you looking to work for a company that allows for work/life balance, but still has the excitement of a startup and the financial stability of a larger organization? If so, read on. Manhattan-based Digital Entertainment Technology Company wi... Job details & apply Film, Television, and Theater Arts Company Confidential Houston , TX , 77036 Posted 27 days ago Open Position: Filmed Entertainment Quality Control Technician A successful candidate is a detail-oriented professional committed to ensuring the highest possible end-viewer experience. The position is responsible for evaluating the company’s DVD and Blu-ray products to ensure they meet the company’s stringent standards. The position will also be responsible for identifying issues and giving recom... Job details & apply SAP Media  Entertainment Associate Partner IBM Corporation Charlotte , NC , 28250 Posted 2 days ago The SAP Media  Entertainment Associate Partner is responsible for business development (sales) and delivery of the SAP solutions involving technology, process and organizational change initiatives of IBMs clients. During the sales cycle the consultant will develop business value propositions, business cases, solution strategies, roadmaps and ultimately the proposal. As the delivery lead this res... Job details & apply Digital Media, Mobile Media, Social Media, Graphic Design LOL Social Media Group / LOL Mobile Media Group Mount Laurel , NJ , 08054 Posted 7 days ago LOL Social Media / LOL Mobile Media Are you ready to join an expanding entertainment and mobile media digital agency? Do you want to interact with celebrity accounts, entertainment networks, small businesses across the nation, global enterprise brands and innovative social media fanatics? LOL Social Media manages celebrity brands and all their digital marketing and social media, and LOL Mobile Med... Job details & apply Associate Media Director (AMD), Digital - Entertainment account 4D Los Angeles , CA , 90048 Posted 28 days ago 4D, a media agency under Publicis, has an exciting opportunity working on the Disney Studios account (Theatrical, Home Entertainment, and Gaming). We are seeking candidates for an Associate Media Director (AMD) position on the digital team. Candidates must have 6+ years of media agency experience in the digital space, with at least 2 years of experience on a film account. OVERVIEW The Associate Me... Job details & apply Faculty Chair, Performing Arts Santa Fe University of Art  Design Santa Fe , NM Posted today GENERAL SUMMARY Santa Fe University of Art and Design, School of Performing Arts, Chair will head our vibrant Performing Arts Departments of Theatre, Contemporary Music and Dance. Interdisciplinary capacity is preferred. Applicants must have an MFA or professional experience equivalent, and 2 years teaching experience beyond the graduate teaching assistant level. Knowledge of contemporary theory,... Job details & apply Arts, Media  Music Opportunities US Army San Fernando , CA , 91340 Posted today Description Some of the most important and exciting careers in the country are performed by U.S. Army Soldiers. Whether it’s working with computers to assisting physicians to fixing helicopters, there’s an Army job that’s right for you. See for yourself the long list of job and leadership training opportunities that give you the skills and strength to succeed in the Army—and in life. Art / Media /... Job details & apply Arts, Media  Music Opportunities US Army Inglewood , CA , 90303 Posted today Description Some of the most important and exciting careers in the country are performed by U.S. Army Soldiers. Whether it’s working with computers to assisting physicians to fixing helicopters, there’s an Army job that’s right for you. See for yourself the long list of job and leadership training opportunities that give you the skills and strength to succeed in the Army—and in life. Art / Media /... Job details & apply CDD Specialist III - English/Language Arts Measured Progess Dover , NH , 03820 Posted 6 days ago Measured Progress is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to workforce diversity. CDD Specialist III - English/Language Arts Location: Dover, NH 100 Education Way Full Time/Part Time: Full time Position Code 13-CDD-1452 Position Summary A Content Design and Development Specialist III in English Language Arts is responsible for the test development activities for one or more a... Job details & apply Secretary III, Arts and Humanities Division Company Confidential Napa , CA , 94558 Posted 7 days ago Napa Valley College SECRETARY III, ARTS AND HUMANITIES DIVISION The person in this position will provide a variety of difficult and complex secretarial duties emphasizing administrative detail and support services to the Arts and Humanities (ARAH) Division. This department produces more than 50 events each year for the community audience. The position reports to the chair of the Arts and Humanitie... Job details & apply Digital Media Solution Architect Warner Bros Entertainment Group Burbank , CA , 91522 Posted 7 days ago Warner Bros. Technical Operations Inc. seeks a Digital Media Solution Architect for the Systems department. At the direction of the Executive Director, Digital Media Systems the Digital Media Solution Architect (DMSA) is responsible for providing the primary WB technical and solution architecture expertise for many B2B (business-to-business) and consumer facing applications and services including... Job details & apply Assistant Technical Director/Scene Shop Supervisor – School of Theatre Arts Illinois Wesleyan University Bloomington , IL , 61701 Posted 10 days ago Assistant Technical Director/Scene Shop Supervisor – School of Theatre Arts Full-time position Requirements:  Broad knowledge of basic theories and principles, concepts and methodology of a general professional or specialized technical field; typically acquired through a relevant baccalaureate education program.  Three to four years’ experience and on-the-job training (preferably in a scene shop... Job details & apply CDD Specialist II - English/Language Arts Measured Progess Dover , NH , 03820 Posted 10 days ago Measured Progress is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to workforce diversity. CDD Specialist II - English/Language Arts Location: Dover, NH 100 Education Way Full Time/Part Time: Full time Position Code 13-CDD-1433 Position Summary A Content Design and Development Specialist in English Language Arts is responsible for the test development activities for one or more assess... Job details & apply CDD Specialist I - English/Language Arts/Social Studies Measured Progess Dover , NH , 03820 Posted 10 days ago Measured Progress is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer committed to workforce diversity. CDD Specialist I - English/Language Arts/Social Studies Location: Dover, NH 100 Education Way Full Time/Part Time: Full time Position Code 13-CDD-1449 Position Summary A Content Design and Development Specialist I in English Language Arts and Social Studies is responsible for the test developmen... Job details & apply View all Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management jobs Previous 1 2 3 4 5 Next Sponsored results Design Creative Jobs View Design Creative Jobs on Ask.com. Try our New Search Results! Ask.com/Design Creative Jobs Creative Design Jobs Search for Creative Design Jobs . Find Expert Advice on About.com. About.com/Creative Design Jobs Arts Design Media Utilities, Games, Graphics  More. Find Arts Design Media Fast! www. Calibex.com/Software Arts Design Media : Cheap The Place to Shop If You Care About Price! Find Arts Design Media . www. PriceMachine.com Didnt find the right Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management job? Well keep looking and send you new jobs that match this search. email me Email Frequency Daily Weekly Biweekly Monthly  or Save without emails Upload your resume and let employers find you! GET STARTED Its that simple! Popular Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Job Searches Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Jobs in Athens, Georgia Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Jobs in Beverly Hills, California Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Jobs in Wisconsin Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Jobs in California Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Jobs in Bronx, New York Browse All Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Jobs Creative Design Career Tools Salary SnapShots Related Careers Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management, Other  Salaries $20,800.00 - $112,200.00 Typical Salary for Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management, Other (209 Respondents) Source: Monster.com Careerbenchmarking Tool Education / Training Bachelors 55.1% Some College Coursework Completed 19.6% Masters 10.1% Associates 8.9% High School 3.2% (158 Respondents) Source: Monster.com Careerbenchmarking Tool Compare Yourself Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management, Other All arts, design, entertainment, and media managers not listed separately. Rate of Growth 0 % Size of Industry in 2006: N/A  Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics, May 2006  Related Skills Administrative Writing Skills Analyzing Information Creative Services Customer Focus Related Duties Accomplishes organization goals by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Learn More about Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management Arts, Design, Entertainment, Media Management, Other Art Director Display Manager Multimedia Creative Director Multimedia Director Creative Director Explore Career Paths [if IE]>.lpfCrunchWidget .tabs {clear:both;overflow:hidden;}