 Jump to Navigation California College of the Arts Search Search Menu Admissions Undergraduate Graduate International Students Admitted Undergraduates Admitted Graduates Financial Aid See All... Programs of Study Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Special Programs Interdisciplinary Studies Course Registration Academic Requirements See All... Campus Life Residential Life Student Activities  Leadership International Student Affairs/Programs Career Development Student Records Undergraduate Exhibitions See All... About CCA Maps  Directions Office of the President Press Resources Bay Area Administration Campus Safety See All... Support CCA Online Giving Ways to Give The Fund for CCA Student Scholarships Sponsored Studios Bequests  Planned Giving See All... Secondary menu future students current students parents alumni faculty  staff  CCA home › Programs of Study › Graduate Programs › Request Info Apply Now Fine Arts Discover an Interdisciplinary Community of Artists CCA’s Graduate Program in Fine Arts challenges you to take your work to a higher level through rigorous practice and a robust exchange of ideas with an engaged and diverse artistic community. As your work evolves, you will gain a deeper understanding of the dynamic relationships among art, culture, and society. Find Your Place in Contemporary Art Practice Immerse yourself in a single medium or work across multiple disciplines, including ceramics, glass, jewelry, metal arts, media arts, painting, drawing, photography, printmaking, sculpture, and textiles. Choose to focus on studio practice or social practice , where you can explore diverse strategies that cross into public spheres. Expand Your Critical Thinking  Creative Practice Through in-depth investigations of material and theory, you’ll explore current artistic practices and cultural issues with some of the nation’s leading artists and critical thinkers. Our Fine Arts faculty -- professionals who have exhibited and curated in public and private venues as well as international biennials -- will give you the necessary conceptual context in which to create and sustain your art practice. Our Graduate Studies Lecture Series brings to campus speakers who represent diverse viewpoints and exemplify the vast array of discourse and modes of production available to you. Another vital resource is the acclaimed CCA Wattis Institute for Contemporary Arts , which presents groundbreaking international exhibitions. Build a Lasting Career in the Arts The diverse and dynamic San Francisco Bay Area is home to an extraordinary number of alternative, municipal, and artist-run exhibition spaces as well as distinguished regional and national museums. Whether you’re collaborating with one of the many Bay Area arts organizations, exhibiting at a local alternative space, or working as a mentored teaching assistant, you’ll be acquiring the relevant experience and building strong networks to prepare for life beyond graduate school. Video of RnKS2A6Aals  Apply Now Request Info  Events Working Title: 2013 CCA Faculty Exhibition Presented by Academic Affairs September 426 Lecture by Christian Caryl Graduate Studies Lecture Series Tuesday, September 17, 7:00 pm More  News The Daily Californian: East Bay artist takes a musical look at Oakland Examiner: The Worlds Of Bernice Bing documentary sheds light on legendary artists life More  Graduate Viewbook Download CCA's graduate viewbook BARCLAY SIMPSON AWARD View the catalogue, 25 Years of the Barclay Simpson Award, to celebrate an entire generation of well-deserving graduating CCA artists. Fine Arts Gallery       Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 next › last » Fine Arts How to Apply Curriculum Faculty Visiting Faculty/Artists Larry Sultan Visiting Artist Program Facilities Social Practice Workshop Fine Arts Newsletter MFA Thesis Exhibition Alumni Success Meet the Chair  General Information 1.800.447.1ART San Francisco campus 1111 Eighth Street San Francisco, CA 94107-2247 415.703.9500 Map Oakland campus 5212 Broadway Oakland, CA 94618-1426 510.594.3600 Map Like Follow Watch Learn Pin Look Share  2013 California College of the Arts 