 ARTS and ENTERTAINMENT Directory focusing on the fine arts of visual art, music, entertainment, and more. art// Affiliate Programs - Affiliate programs for arts/entertainment related sites. Acting Resources - Offers acting resources, mailing lists, and other help for actors and actresses. Art Ezines And Publications - Art publications resources offering art ezines and newsletters. Art Lessons - Offering art lessons including lessons for a variety of arts and crafts. Autographs - Verification for autographs, online purchases, and other autograph guides. Award Certificate Templates - Templates for creating award certificates. Ballet Costumes - Offering original costumes, traditional, classical, and modern ballet costumes. Baywatch Nights - Resource guide to the sequel of Baywatch including cast and pictures. Biblical Baby Names - Biblical names for your baby. Comedians - Humour offered by stand up comedians and other comedy performers. CRAFTS - Crafts and crafting resources of all kinds for crafters of all ages. Dance Studios - Dance studios for ballroom dancing, swing, and all types of dancing studios. Dharma And Greg - Dharma and Greg television show resource. Digital Photography Calendars - Create and print personalized digital photography calendars. Entertainment Agencies - Featuring entertainment agencies providing entertainment services. Flamenco Guitars - Flamenco guitars resources including flamenco guitar shops. Flamenco - Flamenco dance music, tips, history, and other related resources about Flamenco. Free Card Tricks - Free magical and unbelieving card tricks that will fool the eye. Gargoyles Cartoon - Gargoyles cartoon directory with pictures and characters. General Hospital Spoilers - General Hospital sneek peeks, secrets, and spoilers. Hippies Culture - Culture, music, and hippies art. LANGUAGE - Translators, dictionaries, dictionary resources, and other language aids. Lighting Design - Artistic lighting design resources and alternative lighting options sites. LITERATURE - Books, poems, writers, quotes, and other literary delights. Live Shows and Theatre - Enjoy live shows, musicals, and theatre all around the world. Tickets, guides, and theatre info. London Architecture - London architecure research of the architecture in and around London. Looney Tunes Characters - Directory looney tunes characters, pictures, art, and collectors items. Magic Tricks - Free magic tricks online, optical illusions, games and magic shops. Magicians - Magicians services resources including individual magicians and more. MOVIES - Movies, films, movie reviews, celebrity gossip, and other film information. Murano Glass - Offering Murano glass resources including high quality venetian murano glass. MUSIC - Bands, lyrics, tabs, sheet music, and more. Recording Companies - Scrapbooking - Scrapbooking including scrapbooking ideas and scrapbooks. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Cartoon pictures, clips, gifts, and more Teenage Ninja Turtles. The A Team Tv Show - Collective resource for The A Team team with guides, and collectables. Add Your URL - Webmasters submit your webpages and get them listed on itzalist.com. VISUAL ARTS - Photographs, artists, clipart pictures, tattoos, and more. Wonder Woman Comics - Wonder Woman comics resources including comic strips, and videos. Equipment Leasing - Leasing companies specializing in your needs. Lease your equipment easily. Personal Injury Lawyers - Attorney and lawyer services specializing in P Breast Enlargement - IT Solutions - Plastic Surgery - Cosmetic and plastic surgery services. Don Personalized Baby Gifts - Personalized gifts for newborn babies. Funny Jokes - Funny jokes, riddles and brain teasers to brighten your day. Days Of Our Lives spoilers - Spoilers for Days of Our Lives. Game Reviews - Get the latest gaming scoop with great reviews and information. Don't buy another game just to be disappointed. Temptation Island - Latest news, info, pics, and summaries about Temptation Island. Driving Schools - Professional driving school courses and certification. Christening Gowns - Beautiful christening gowns and baby dresses. Travel Campanions - Make travel safer, easier, and more fun with great travel companion services. 