  Directory Contact Us About Us Terms of sale Wholesale Dealer Other Links Tech Forums Categories Gauges Engine Electronics Turbo Related Fuel Related Interior Exterior Universal Parts Car Audio/Video Wheels  related Vehicle Make Imports Mazda Mitsubishi Nissan Infiniti Acura Honda Scion Toyota Lexus Subaru Hyundai Kia European VW Volkswagen Audi BMW Mini Domestics All GM Chevy Pontiac Saturn Cadillac Ford Lincoln Mercury Chrysler Dodge Jeep  Terms and Conditions of Sale All orders placed with Crossover Auto Performance (phone, internet/web  e-mail) constitute the acknowledgement and acceptance of all conditions listed on CrossoverAuto.com and all conditions listed below. All parts shall remain the property of Crossover Auto Performance until paid for in full. Advertised Prices do not include shipping and handling unless otherwise specified and will be calculated upon checkout. ALL orders shipped to a Texas Address must pay 8.25% Texas Sales Tax and will be calculated upon checkout. This is required by the Texas State Comptroller. In the event that an order placed on the web does not calculate sales tax and the order is being shipped to a Texas Address, Crossover Auto Performance will calculate the sales tax when the order is processed and customer will be notified to pay the tax amount before any order will ship out. All prices, materials, design, color, contents included with a product, and product specifications are subject to change without notice. Some product images may be shown with optional items that are sold separately. Depending on the product(s) ordered and the destination of the order, certain shipping services may not be available. Crossover Auto Performance reserves the right to change the method of shipping suited to the product(s) ordered and the destination of the package(s). All Credit Card Orders can only be shipped to a VERIFIED Billing Address. Credit Card Orders will not be shipped until all information are verified and matched. All other orders (Check, Money Order) will not be shipped until payment has been received in full. All unpaid orders will be cancelled after 5 calendar days. A 25% restocking fee will be assessed on all refused shipments, and canceled prders that have been shipped. Shipping charges are NON-REFUNDABLE . Selecting an expedited shipping method does not guarantee that the order will be shipped by a certain date. An expedited shipping method only instructs Crossover Auto Performance to use that method of shipping when the order is processed and ready to ship. Crossover Auto Performance reserves the right to cancel any order prior to shipment at our discretion and full payment returned to you. In the event that our computer server/database encounters technical difficulties which causes problems with our product pricing, shipping calculations, or sales tax computations, Crossover Auto Performance will correct all discrepancies at the time of processing. Customers will be notified of any errors and will have the option to continue with the order with corrected totals or to cancel the order. Crossover Auto Performance will not be held responsible for any miscalculated totals due to server errors. All engine modification components, except those that are exempt, have been designed and are intended for off-highway application. These components are legal in Texas for racing vehicles only, which may never be used on public roads and highways. Federal and many state laws prohibit the removal, modification, or rendering inoperable of any device or element of design affecting vehicle emission or safety in a vehicle used on public highways. Violation of such laws may subject the owner or user to a fine or penalty. Installation of this part may void the warranty coverage, if any, on your vehicle. Vehicles modified by the use of performance parts may no longer be lawfully used on public highways. Furthermore, all engine parts, headlight units, and electrical components are sold AS-IS with all faults and without any warranty of any kind either express or implied and may not be returned. User assumes all cost and risks associated with these and other automotive parts, performance parts, and all other accessories and goods sold through Crossover Auto Performance. Merchandise Warranty Disclaimer Due to the nature of performance applications, performance parts and performance tuning services are sold AS-IS with all faults andwithout any express warranty or any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Crossover Auto Performance shall not, under any circumstances, be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages, including person, party or property, but not limited to, damage, or loss of property or equipment, loss of profits or revenue, cost of purchased or replacement goods, or claims of customers of the purchase, which may arise and/or result from sale, installation of these parts, Installation of high performance parts and use of said services could adversely affect the motor vehicle manufacturer's warranty coverage. All merchandise sold by Crossover Auto Performance is only subject to manufacturer's warranty and conditions, if any, and is subject to submission to the manufacturer for inspection and approval for repair or replacement of merchandise. Customer, however, will be responsible for all shipping and handling fees. No labor or inconvenience may be included in any warranty claims. No warranty whatsoever will be valid if the defect was caused by customer's abuse, negligence, improper installation, or mishandling. There is no warranty on lights, light bulbs, decals, electrical parts, and engine parts. Check your state and local laws regarding the use on any performance parts. In the event that legal proceedings are required to resolve disputes or indifferences, all claims and filings must be made with the Plano J.P. Court located in Plano, TX. If at any time Crossover Auto Performance requires the services of an attorney, whether legal action be brought or not, the buyer agrees to pay all costs involved, including, but not limited to, court costs and attorney fees. Crossover Auto Performance's Customers will acknowledge and agree to this stipulation once the transaction has been made with Crossover Auto Performance. It is the customer's responsibility to print and retain any and all invoices for their record and warranty claims. All products sold or installed or modified by Crossover Auto Performance are intended for high performance, racing, and off-road use only. Due to the nature of such parts, the unusual stresses placed upon them, and the fact that we cannot control how they are installed or used; there is no warranty of any kind on any Crossover Auto Performance product or service. Crossover Auto Performance expressly disclaims any warranty, either expressed or implied, including all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Crossover Auto Performance also disclaims any other obligation or liability as a result of products sold and/or installed or any service provided. No representations have been or will be made to the buyer regarding Crossover Auto Performance products, including, but not limited to, their quality or performance. Crossover Auto Performance shall not be held liable for any damages caused by a defect or failure of parts manufactured, sold, and/or installed. Crossover Auto Performance shall not be responsible for any damages, consequential or otherwise, arising from any cause whatsoever. Crossover Auto Performance will not be responsible for labor, transportation, or any other related costs incurred as a result of any part failure or defect. If at any time Crossover Auto Performance requires the services of an attorney, whether legal action be brought or not, the buyer agrees to pay all costs involved, including, but not limited to, court costs and attorney fees. Shipping  Handling We reserve the right to choose the shipping company. An expedited shipping method only instructs Crossover Auto Performance to use that method of shipping when the order is processed and ready to ship. We do not guarantee a shipping company's delivery time. We are not liable for the shipping company's failure to deliver your shipment. Orders will not be processed until the correct shipping and handling is paid in full. If there is no reply or response within 5 calendar days, the order will be voided and any payment for that specific order will be refunded. All international orders and orders to APO addresses will have a handling fee added to the order. A 25% restocking fee will be assessed on all refused shipments, and canceled prders that have been shipped. Shipping charges are NON-REFUNDABLE . Returns, Exchanges, Defective Items, Damaged Items, Core Returns There are no returns, refunds, or exchanges on non-defective merchandise. Defective merchandise will be exchanged for the exact item ordered. If a replacement is not possible a refund will be issued. All returned defective merchandise must be in its original saleable packaging. Defective items will only be accepted if the items are returned to Crossover Auto Performance within 14 Calendar Days from the date of receipt . All authorized defective merchandise must be in its original sales packaging and contain all original manuals, parts, and accessories. No return or exchange on merchandise that shows signs of having been modified, tampered, scratched, or defaced will be allowed. A Return Authorization Number must be issued before any returns can be made. We will not accept any returns without this number. Please write the number clearly on the outside of your returning package and tag the item(s) inside with your name and R.A. Number. Crossover Auto Performance must receive the return within 7 calendar days after the R.A. Number has been issued. The Return Authorization Number does not imply a replacement or refund, but only that we will inspect the merchandise based on your claim. Returns must be sent freight prepaid and insured by you. A refund, exchange, or core return will not be considered until all relevant items, hardware, and accessories have been returned to Crossover Auto Performance. Crossover Auto Performance must receive all Core Returns within 14 calendar days of the invoice date in order to receive a full credit refund. Original shipping and handling charges are not refundable. All custom entry fees and duty associated with any return or exchanges will be charged to the customer. A photocopy of your invoice showing the invoice number must accompany your return along with a written explanation and a contact telephone number where we may be able to reach you. It is the responsibility of the customer/installer to verify the correctness of size and application of all parts before installation. Shortage claims must be made within 24 hours of receipt date by email or by phone. Orders that are damaged or parts lost through shipping damage must be reported to the shipping carrier IMMEDIATELY upon receipt! Do not delay as time is of the essence! There is usually only a 24 hour time period in which you can file a damage claim! All claims for damaged merchandise must be made with the shipping carrier. Please keep all shipping cartons and all packing materials for carrier inspection. Crossover Auto Performance cannot initiate any claims with the carrier. All approved refunds will be paid either by Company Check, Credit Card Credit, or Account Credit, to be determined by Crossover Auto Performance. All special orders (personalized/specially fitted) items must be paid in full at the time of order. All special orders and custom orders will be processed in the most timely and efficient manner possible; however, Crossover Auto Performance will not be held responsible for delays above and beyond its control. No cancellations, refunds, or exchanges on special order items or custom order items. Any refused shipments sent back to Crossover Auto Performance does not constitute the right to a refund or credit. It is the customer's responsibility to make all arrangements with Crossover Auto Performance for refused shipments. It is company policy to charge the customer all freight charges associated with the shipment and a 35% restocking fee on all products shipped. International Orders Our online shipping calculations are based per item. If you are ordering more than 1 item, Please e-mail us your full shipping address, phone number, and the items in your order. We will send you back an accurate shipping quote where we can combine the items into one shipment and reduce the cost to you. Crossover Auto is not responsible for any duties, taxes, or brokerage fees that maybe imposed at your country's customs entry border. We cannot and do not give estimated costs of these fees as we do not have this information. For all international orders, a handling fee up to 3.9% of the total may be imposed to the transaction. Please contact us before placing your order for the correct payment amount. Orders will not be processed until the proper amount is paid. Payments for international orders must be from a confirmed address that matches the billing address. Verification will be required for first time customers who have not established a history with our company. Methods accepted for verification include scans of a government issued ID, passport, driver's license, utility bill, and/or paycheck stub. It is the Buyer/Purchaser's responsibility to verify fitment. Please verify parts from the USA market/ USDM vehicles fit your country's market vehicle before ordering. If an exchange is authorized, shipping costs to and from are Buyer/Purchaser's responsibility. Original shipping costs are non refundable. Buyer/Purchaser accepts all risks and liabilities with the purchase of parts/goods from Crossover Auto Performance and importing them into their own respected country. Purchaser is responsible for determining the legality of parts/goods in their country. Some parts/goods may not be legal in Buyer's/Purchaser's jurisdictions. Buyer/Purchaser accepts all liabilities for ALL and ANY damages that may arise from importing parts/goods sold by Crossover Auto Performance. Crossover Auto Performance shall not, under any circumstances, be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages, including person, party or property, but not limited to, damage, or loss of property or equipment, loss of profits or revenue, legal costs or fines, cost of purchased or replacement parts/goods, or claims of customers of the purchase, which may arise and/or result from sale, importation, installation of these parts/goods. Website Agreement Acceptance of Terms and Conditions The terms and conditions in this Website Agreement govern your use of this website. Please take a few moments to review this information carefully. By using this website, you agree that you have read, understand, accept, and will be bound by all of the terms and conditions in this Website Agreement, and you agree not to use this website in contravention of these terms and conditions. This website is intended for use by citizens of the United States of America (excluding unincorporated territories, Puerto Rico and Guam), eighteen (18) years of age or older, who have the capacity to enter into a valid contract; by accessing this website, you represent and affirm that you meet these requirements. Crossover Auto Performance reserves the right to amend any part of this website at any time without notice and without incurring any obligation unless prohibited by applicable law. Crossover Auto Performance will provide to you all notices as required by law in the event of such change. We encourage you to periodically review this Legal Notice and Website Agreement for amendments. Accuracy of Website Information Crossover Auto Performance designed this website to meet your auto performance parts shopping needs.. Despite our best efforts, however, it is inevitable that some inaccuracies may occasionally be present. Additionally, Pictures may not reflect actual product for each specific model. and their color and general appearance may appear differently based on your monitor and color settings. Further, Crossover Auto Performance reserves the right to change product pricing and specifications, as well as the terms of sale without notice. In addition, you understand and agree that the information provided on this website is advertising only and in no way constitutes an offer for the sale of goods or to provide a service. To this end, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, Crossover Auto Performance will not be responsible for errors found on this website, including but not limited to, pricing errors or an incorrect statement of accessories, and discrepancies in product descriptions.. Ownership and Proprietary Rights All information contained in this website, unless otherwise stated, is owned solely and exclusively by Crossover Auto Performance. You acknowledge and agree that all contents and materials available on this website are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, and/or other proprietary or intellectual property rights and laws. By permitting you to access and use this website, Crossover Auto Performance has not granted you a license of any kind to use this information for any purpose (including, but not limited to, commercial purposes) without the express written consent of Crossover Auto Performance. You may not otherwise amend, copy, create derivative works from, reverse engineer, display, distribute, edit, license, modify, reproduce, rent, sell, and/or transmit any part of this website. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Crossover Auto Performance's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Crossover Auto Performance. In addition, deep linking, direct linking, framing, page-jacking, spoofing, hacking, data-mining and using a robot, spider, or automated device of any kind to monitor or copy our website is strictly prohibited. Intellectual Property CROSSOVER AUTO PERFORMANCE (and design), WE CROSSOUT THE COMPETITION, PIONEERING INNOVATIONS are all registered trademarks or service marks of Crossover Auto Performance. Any unauthorized use, replication, or other violations of trademark law will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible. All other trademarks not owned by Crossover Auto Performance that appear on this site are property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Crossover Auto Performance. Warranty Disclaimer Crossover Auto Performance makes no representations about the suitability of the information and related graphics contained in this website for any purpose whatsoever. All information provided on our website and web forum are provided AS IS, with all faults and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. Crossover Auto Performance disclaims all warranties , express and implied, including without limitation, those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement , and any warranties arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in trade. Crossover Auto Performance shall not be liable for any indirect, special, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages, including, without limitation, lost profits or revenues, costs of replacement goods, loss or damage to date arising out of the use of inability to use the Crossover Auto Performance website, or damage resulting from the use of or reliance on the information contained herein. Some states do not allow on how long an implied warranty lasts or exclusion or limitations on relief such as incidental or consequential damages, so the above may not apply to you. Links to Third Party Websites While using this website, you may choose to link to third-party websites that are not affiliated with Crossover Auto Performance. Crossover Auto Performance is not responsible for the content of these third-party websites, or any subsequent links, and has no control over the contents found there. For this reason, we do not represent or warrant that the contents of any third-party website are accurate, compliant with state or federal law, or complaint with copyright or other intellectual property laws. All opinions expressed on third-party websites are not necessarily those of Crossover Auto Performance, and Crossover Auto Performance does not endorse the contents of these third-party websites in any way. Also, Crossover Auto Performance is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked website. Any reliance on the contents of a third-party website is done at your own risk, and you assume all responsibilities and consequences resulting from such reliance. This may include, but is not limited to, damages that are direct, indirect, special or consequential. Crossover Auto Performance is providing these links to you as a convenience only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site, its contents, and/or any products or services offered by the owner(s) of the site. 