 auto repair san diego 9499 Kearny Villa Road #109 San Diego, CA 92126 Map it!  Auto Repair San Diego ASE Master Certified since 1978. Site Map ASE Master Certified Auto Repair ASC Master Certified Miramar Automotive of San Diego, CA is an ASE Master Certified auto repair shop that has been in business since 1978. Most auto repair mechanics are able to achieve the ASE Certification. Only a very small percentage of auto mechanics are able to become ASE Master Certified. We have such skilled certification here at our auto repair shop. It seems hard to believe but it's true. Miramar Automotive has been in business since 1978. We are very proud to be one of the first auto repair shops in the Miramar area. It has been quite a challenge to remain in business over such a long period of time. Repairing the car right the first time and treating everyone great all the time doesn't allow you to have a bad day. We realize that having just a bad day can leave a customer unhappy. Learn More Car Repair In San Diego Since 1978 If you own a vehicle and you live in San Diego, you are looking for quality car repair. At Miramar Automotive we feel that we provide you with a great choice for auto repair and maintenance for your car or light truck. All Makes and Models Auto Repair Service Miramar Automotive has been providing San Diego car repair since 1978. We provide a full range of services for your car and light truck. We literally look at each vehicle as if it were our own. This keeps our inner compass focused on providing our customers with excellent auto service. Range Of Auto Repair Service Provided We provide San Diego drivers with a FULL range of auto repair. The services provided for your car or light truck will range from items like Diagnostics, Brake Service, Brake Repair, Tune-Ups, 30,000 Mile Service Inspection, 60,000 Mile Service Inspection and Transmission Services. We even provide major repairs like valve jobs, engine replacement and transmission replacement. Please visit our Car Service Page for a complete list of auto repair service provided. Website Resources It is our goal that you use this website to learn about our company. We also want this site to be a resource for you to learn about how to take care of your car or light truck. We know that properly maintaining your car is important. Maintenance can even prevent a car repair from being needed. Please take a moment and watch our videos on Transmission Flushing, Coolant Flushing, Brake Service and other fluid replacement demonstrations. As you search our website you will conclude that keeping your vehicle well maintained will keep those auto repair bills low. Thus, leaving your with a reliable car and a lot of peace of mind. Our Commitment To You Every employee at Miramar Automotive is committed to providing you with the highest level of auto repair for your vehicle. We are here to answer any questions you may have. We plan to provide San Diego auto repair service for many years to come. So please feel welcomed to join our family of happy customers. Website Resources It is our goal that you use this website to learn about our company. We also want this site to be a resource for you to learn about how to take care of your car or light truck. We know that properly maintaining your car is important. Maintenance can even prevent a car repair from being needed. Please take a moment and watch our videos on Transmission Flushing, Coolant Flushing, Brake Service and other fluid replacement demonstrations. As you search our website you will conclude that keeping your vehicle well maintained will keep those auto repair bills low. Thus, leaving your with a reliable car and a lot of peace of mind. Our Commitment To You Every employee at Miramar Automotive is committed to providing you with the highest level of auto repair for your vehicle. We are here to answer any questions you may have. We plan to provide San Diego auto repair service for many years to come. So please feel welcomed to join our family of happy customers. Auto Repair San Diego Auto Repair Home | About | Contact | Services | Appointment | AAA Award | Directions | 150k Warranty | Feedback Copyright  2006 Miramar Automotive, Inc. San Diego, CA. All rights reserved. auto repair san diego car repair san diego brake service san diego auto repair service san diego 