 Skip Navigation. Home History Location/Map Contact Council Press/Media Join our e-blast  Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.   Close Shopping Restaurants Lodging Apple Hill / Farm Trails What to do / Itineraries Outdoor Recreation  Parks Wineries and Breweries Lake Tahoe Host An Affair News  Discounts By Email Arts  Entertainment Film Commission Want to know more about the Gold Country? Arts and Entertainment Visitors and residents alike appreciate the thriving arts community in El Dorado County. The visual and performing arts play a vital role in the quality of life for residents and add to the unique experience that visitors come to expect. For a complete list of artists and art galleries, click here . The El Dorado Arts Council supports the cultural development of El Dorado County by advocating for and creating the highest quality artistic and educational opportunities for residents and visitors. It serves as the County's umbrella organization for individual artists and art organizations, providing them with a variety of programs and services. The El Dorado Arts Council is funded in part by the California Arts Council, as well as through grants, memberships, donations and fundraising events. Click here to visit the El Dorado Arts Council site. Local Live Theater and Concert Groups Imagination Theater  Ticket Hotline 530-642-0404 www.imagination-theater.org Marble Valley Regional Center for the Arts P.O. Box 1844 Placerville, CA 95667 (530) 642-2431 email: mvca@marblevalleycenter.org www.marblevalleycenter.org  Olde Coloma Theatre 380 Monument Road Coloma, CA 95613 (530) 626-5282 www.oldecolomatheatre.com Calendar Special Events Photo Gallery     Get Around the Site Home History Location/Map Contact Council Press/Media Calendar of Events Special Events Photo Gallery Experience El Dorado County Shopping Restaurants Lodging Apple Hill/Farm Trails What to do/Itineraries Outdoor Recreation  Parks Wineries Lake Tahoe Host an Affair Join our e-blast Arts  Entertainment Film Guide Experience El Dorado Legal  2010 El Dorado Visitors Authority Terms of Use Privacy Policy Website design and development by Uptown Studios 