 Get great auto repairs from Interstate Auto Care Get a Free Repair Estimate Message (optional) Leave this field empty. Auto & Truck Services When you need your vehicle back on the road quickly and in great condition, count on us to deliver great results every time. From oil changes to DOT inspections, we promise to exceed your expectations. Learn More Have Questions? Do you have a question about your vehicle or our services? For your convenience, we answer some of the most frequently asked questions on our FAQ page. If you have more questions, give us a call. Read Our FAQ Schedule Your Vehicle Whether your car just needs regular maintenance or it needs some repair work, contact us today and make an appointment. If you need towing or shuttle service, we can help! Contact Us Car Repair in Madison Heights If you are looking for car repair in Madison Heights that you can trust and that can get you back on the road quickly, visit Interstate Auto Care! Remember, you must properly maintain a vehicle if you want to ensure its longevity. If you don't, you may end up spending more money in the long run to fix a problem that could have been avoided through simple maintenance. We can help you keep your car in great shape and avoid costly repairs. Madison Heights Car Repair Service At our shop in Madison Heights, car repair service is important, but we also want to be known as a great service entity. We are a family owned and operated business. We like to treat every customer as a member of our family. This might explain the great success that we have with our customers. Take Advantage of Our Coupons We offer regular coupons to provide additional discounts on our Madison Heights auto repair . Contact us today or visit our website to find out the latest offers. Commercial/Fleet Discounts Available We have experience working with commercial enterprises and their fleet maintenance needs, and we offer special discounts on our fleet services. Get a Free Estimate More Information Services FAQ Testimonials Contact Us Contact Info 248-565-2807 526 E. 14 Mile Rd. Madison Heights, MI 48071 Hours M-F: 7:00 am to 6:00 pm Sa: 8:00 am to 5:00 pm Closed Sundays www.interstateautocare.com Home Services FAQ Testimonials Contact Us Interstate Auto Care Quality Auto Repair Shop Getting You Safely Back on the Road 248-565-2807 Get a Free Estimate Interstate Auto Care -- 526 E. 14 Mile Rd. , Madison Heights , MI 48071 -- 248-565-2807 Copyright 2013 AutoRepairMadisonHeights.net Tweet  