 Local Philadelphia / South Jersey Search Philadelphia / S. Jersey Neighborhoods Things to Do Philly Living Filed In: Attractions / Entertainment Philadelphia Arts and Entertainment Guide Your guide to the arts, music, nightlife, theater and culture in the Greater Philadelphia area. Whether you're looking for a movie or play, checking out Philly nightlife or just looking for a quiet place to go, we have some ideas for you. Adult Entertainment in t... @ Museums - Art (8) Concert Venues (6) Museums - Specialty (11) Dance and Theatre (11) Nightclubs and Cafes (6) David Copperfield - An Intimate Evening of Grand Illusion 2008 One thing you have to keep in mind when you go to see David Copperfield perform is that you're not just there to see David Copperfield, the magician. You're there to see David Copperfield, the franchise. Philly Live! Comcast-Spectacor, the Philadelphia-based sports and entertainment firm, in a new and exciting partnership with world-renowned developers The Cordish Company, has plans to develop Philly Live!, a destination retail, dining and entertainment district in the area adjacent to the Wachovia Center in South Philadelphia, PA. Philadelphias Avenue Of The Arts The Avenue of the Arts is a stretch of more than four-and-a-half miles along Broad Street in Philadelphia that encompasses the recently built Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, as well as landmark establishments such as the historic Academy of Music and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. Apply now to guide this site Discuss in our forum Explore Philadelphia / South Jersey Must Reads The Academy of Natural Sciences Mama's Wellness Joint Fette Sau Most Popular Top 10 Historic Philadelphia Attractions Philly Cheese Steak Recipe Getting to New York from Philadelphia Ocean City NJ Beach Guide Free Things to Do with Kids in Philadelphia By Category Neighborhoods Events & Things to Do Food & Drink Arts, Entertainment & Media Sports & Recreation Shopping Transportation Lifestyles History Education Real Estate Government & Civic Issues Philadelphia / South Jersey About.com Local Philadelphia / South Jersey Attractions / Entertainment Arts/Entertainment in Phila Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 