 Collingswood, New Jersey HOME SUBSCRIBE TO E-NEWS MAPS AND DIRECTIONS Arts and Entertainment 1st Thursday Jazz 2nd Saturday Before the Bridge Music Festival Book Festival Collingswood Community Theater Collingswood Farmers’ Market Collingswood Grand Ballroom Collingswood Scottish Rite Theatre Crafts and Fine Arts Festival Cruise Night Green Festival Holiday Parade Independence Day Events May Fair Perkins Center for the Arts Pop Up Gala Summer Mummer string band concert series The Holidays in Collingswood From street festivals, professional theater and international music talent, Collingswood, New Jersey is truly  a destination for the arts. Come catch a performance of our thriving Community Theater Company. Take classes offered by The Perkins Center for the Arts. Delight in fine art and music on 2nd Saturday each month... and so much more! 1st Thursday Jazz Monthly Jazz Series at the Collingswood Community Center - enjoy great tunes in your town! 2nd Saturday 2nd Saturday in Collingswood has a whole new spin! Each month will bring something new to Haddon Ave. Do not miss the decked out Downtown with art, food and even more to offer. And as always, the event is free! Before the Bridge Music Festival Grooveground And Plant Life Music Present: Before The Bridge Music Festival - October 13, 2012 Book Festival A week of activities will culminate with the all-day festival in historic Collingswood, NJ in October. Join your fellow booklovers for the largest literary event in the region. Collingswood Community Theater The Collingswood Theater offers musical and theater enjoyment throughout the year. Collingswood Farmers’ Market The Collingswood Farmers Market brings fresh produce directly from the farm to the citizens of this region since 1999.  No other market can beat this market. Collingswood Grand Ballroom The Collingswood Grand Ballroomo is the place for weddings, bar and bat mitzvahs, corporate meetings, fundraisers and other events. Collingswood Scottish Rite Theatre The Theatre plays host to professional shows and Community Theatre. Crafts and Fine Arts Festival Collingswoods newest crafts and fine arts festival comes to Haddon Avenue in August. Cruise Night Haddon Avenue comes alive with the sounds, speed and style of the regions hottest antique, classic and custom cars and motorcycles. Green Festival Holiday Parade The 2012 Collingswood Holiday Parade - the largest Parade in South Jersey - is scheduled for Saturday, November 24 beginning at 10 am.   Independence Day Events Collingswood introduces Pops orchestra for the 4th of July. All events will take place on Sunday, July 4 (Fireworks  show rain date July 5) May Fair What began in 1979 as a small “clothesline art exhibit” now encompasses more than ten blocks of the business district along Haddon Avenue on the Saturday before Memorial Day Perkins Center for the Arts Perkins Center for the Arts is a unique cultural organization dedicated to excellence in the arts and to providing a wide range of creative opportunities for people of all ages and every level of artistic development. Pop Up Gala Collingswood dances under the starlight to benefit charity. Summer Mummer string band concert series The Holidays in Collingswood Read about all the events scheduled in Collingswood to make your holidays bright and cheery! Arts  Entertainment | Shopping  Dining | Parks  Recreation | Local Government Living | Town Directory  Listings | Event Calendar | Doing Business Community Network | In The News | Contact Us | Library site by spark :. 