  Celebrity Gossip and Hollywood News! Home About Us Style Videos Photos Celebrities Contact Us Send Tips Advertise With Us Search for: Ashley Tisdale  Christoper French Attend Summer B-Day Bash! Pix + Video: Vanessa Hudgens Wears Floral Print As She Picks Up Flowers for a Friend! Robin Thicke  His Son Go For A Spin On The Teacups! Audrina Patridge: Neon at the Nail Salon! Jason Segel  Girlfriend Go On A Magical Date to Disneyland! Monday, 26/08/2013, 3:43 pm Comment Jason Segel and girlfriend Bojana Novakovic were spotted spending some quality time together at the Happiest Place on Earth, Disneyland. The couple was spotted first enjoying the day at the Magic Kingdom before heading over to California Adventure for a little more thrill and rode California Screamin. They also put on those funny 3D glasses and battled it out on Toy Story Midway Mania!   Tags: california adventure , california screamin , celebrity couples , celebrity gossip , celebrity news , disney date , disneyland , jason segel , midway mania Like Starfeine on Facebook  Demi Lovato Munches On A Turkey Leg While On Disney Date With Wilmer Valderrama! Monday, 26/08/2013, 4:22 am Comment Demi Lovato decided not to attend the VMAs on Sunday and instead went on a trip to Disneyland with boyfriend Wilmer Valderrama! The Heart Attack singer was also joined by several close friends and some of Wilmers family members. Demi and her group spent the day at California Adventure and then made their way to Disneyland in the late afternoon where Demi was spotted enjoying a delicious looking turkey leg!  Credit: Starfeine Tags: california adventure , celebrity couples , celebrity gossip , celebrity news , Demi Lovato , disneyland , Mickey Mouse Ears , turkey leg , wilmer valderrama Like Starfeine on Facebook  Lady Gaga Films Fans and Causes Chaos at Mickys Bar in WEHO! Tuesday, 13/08/2013, 7:43 am Comment Lady Gaga filmed photographers and fans for a new music video for her newly released single Applause. The eccentric singer was spotted leaving Mickys gay bar in West Hollywood after filming her new video with fellow bar goers and fans, while driving back to her hotel, the born this way singer filmed the crowd out of her sunroof. Gaga wore sloppy face paint looking like a clown and sported a new buzzed hairstyle revealing her extensions. The single which has already gotten poor reviews, was released a week early due to it being leaked online.  Credit: www.StarFeine.com Tags: bar , ca , camera , Candids , celebrity , dancer , eccentric , fashion , Filming , gay , hollywood , lady gaga , los angeles , micky , music , musician , paparazzi , pop , rock , sighting , singer , spotted , stefani germanotta , stephanie germanotta , style , usa , video , west Like Starfeine on Facebook  Rihanna Parties with Katy Perry in NYC! Tuesday, 13/08/2013, 2:09 am Comment Rihanna was in a good mood as she arrived at The Lion restaurant in NYC where she celebrated with Katy Perry for Katys pre-album release party. The singer arrived in NYC after being on vacation last week and posting pictures of her sandy butt cheeks on Instagram. Shes even sporting a new curly hair-do! Katy Perrys new song Roar was leaked which forced her to release the song early. You can listen to it below!  Credit: Splash News Tags: celebrity gossip , celebrity news , Katy Perry , new song , nyc , rihanna , roar , the lion Like Starfeine on Facebook  Carrie Underwood: Good Morning America Co-Host! Sunday, 11/08/2013, 4:33 pm Comment Carrie Underwood flashed her pearly whites as she landed at LaGuardia airport in New York City on Sunday afternoon. The 30-year-old singer will be co-hosting Good Morning America tomorrow morning. I seriously can not wait to co-host @GMA on Monday morning!!! When have I ever been this excited for a Monday to get here?! Credit: Splash News Tags: Airport , Carrie Underwood , celebrity gossip , celebrity news , Good Morning America , laguardia , nyc Like Starfeine on Facebook  Hilary Duff: Grocery Shopping with the Family! Saturday, 10/08/2013, 1:27 am Comment While some women dread going to the grocery store, Hilary Duff was in great spirits as she arrived to Bristol Farms supermarket with her son Luca in her arms and her husband Mike Comrie by her side. Little Luca also looked happy as can be! Hilary recently announced that she will be getting back into music! The 25-year-old said, Its been a long time coming. Im finally buckling down and getting in the studio. I really miss touring. I really miss connecting with my fans in that way. Credit: Splash News Tags: bristol farms , celebrity babies , celebrity kids , celebrity moms , farmers market , Hilary Duff , luca , mike comrie Like Starfeine on Facebook  Vanessa Hudgens Shows Off Her New Ombre Hair! Saturday, 10/08/2013, 1:04 am Comment Vanessa Hudgens is a little late to the ombre party but it looks like she finally decided to try the popular hair trend. The 24-year-old actress was seen leaving MTV studios in New York City on Friday afternoon. Vanessa also showed off some of her new hair pics on her blog. The natural dark brown haired beauty showed off her shoulder length brown hair and then more pictures with the blonde extensions added in. What do you think of Vanessas new look?  Credit: Splash News/Vanessa Hudgens Tags: celebrity fashion , celebrity gossip , celebrity hair , celebrity news , celebrity style , hair , hair styles , hair trends , mtv , new york city , ombre , paparazzi , vanessa hudgens Like Starfeine on Facebook  Lucy Hale Gets In A Workout Before TCAs! Friday, 09/08/2013, 5:20 pm Comment Lucy Hale was all smiles as she left a gym on a hot day in Los Angeles. The Pretty Little Liars star wore a cute summer sweater that read salty hair, coconut oil, big waves, hot sun, basically all the things we love about summer! Lucy is probably trying to look her best as she will be hosting the 2013 Teen Choice Awards this weekend with Darren Criss! The 24-year-old tweeted, Just left GIbson amphitheater for TCAs on Sunday @TeenChoiceGirl. Some very awesome seating arrangements. @IANMHARDING Im coming for u Credit: Splash News Tags: celebrity gossip , celebrity news , Gym , host , lucy hale , Summer , summer fashion , summer style , teen choice awards , workout Like Starfeine on Facebook  Nicole Richie Goes Make-Up Free in NYC! Thursday, 08/08/2013, 4:35 pm Comment Nicole Richie went bare-faced as she went on a little shopping spree at Curve Boutique in Midtown Manhattan on Wednesday afternoon. The 31-year-old fashion designer wore black pants, a loose white blouse and her hair pulled back in a tight bun. Nicole will also be launching a clothing collection for her House of Harlow jewelry line and it consists of a lot of black leather bottoms. Credit: Splash News Tags: bare-faced , black and white , celebrity fashion , celebrity style , curve , make-up free , Nicole Richie Like Starfeine on Facebook  Heidi Klum: Black  White Is In! Thursday, 08/08/2013, 4:06 pm Comment Heidi Klum was seen sporting the black and white trend thats so popular this summer as she makde her way towards Radio City Music Hall in NYC to film the live taping of Americas Got Talent. On one day she was seen wearing a long strapless snake print dress and another day she was seen wearing a matching black and white shirt and skirt, with a bright yellow bag to add a pop of color.  Credit: Splash News Tags: america's got talent , black and white , celebrity fashion , celebrity gossip , celebrity news , celebrity style , Heidi Klum , Judge , nyc , radio city music hall Like Starfeine on Facebook  Page 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next Last 聽 Sponsored Links Latest Gossip Jason Segel  Girlfriend Go On A Magical Date to Disneyland! Demi Lovato Munches On A Turkey Leg While On Disney Date With Wilmer Valderrama! Lady Gaga Films Fans and Causes Chaos at Mickys Bar in WEHO! Rihanna Parties with Katy Perry in NYC! Carrie Underwood: Good Morning America Co-Host! Recent Comments Miss T on Miley Cyrus Desperately Tries to be Rihanna in New Music Video for We Cant Stop! Miss T on Miley Cyrus Desperately Tries to be Rihanna in New Music Video for We Cant Stop! meet on Justin Bieber Hits Recording Studio In LA! Yanna on Miley Cyrus Desperately Tries to be Rihanna in New Music Video for We Cant Stop! flirting tips on Ashton Kutcher  Mila Kunis: Bye Bye Bali! Archives August 2013 (15) July 2013 (20) June 2013 (28) May 2013 (39) April 2013 (55) March 2013 (66) February 2013 (37) January 2013 (45) December 2012 (50) November 2012 (54) October 2012 (78) September 2012 (78) August 2012 (106) July 2012 (99) June 2012 (122) May 2012 (131) April 2012 (129) March 2012 (197) February 2012 (160) January 2012 (120) December 2011 (134) November 2011 (36) Celebrity Gossip and Hollywood News! About Us Starfeine is a stimulating celebrity blog designed to bring you the latest gossip, rumors, photos and breaking news in the entertainment industry including movies and television. Sponsored Links Get in Touch About Us Advertise With Us Celebrities Contact Us Send Tips  Recent Posts Jason Segel  Girlfriend Go On A Magical Date to Disneyland! Demi Lovato Munches On A Turkey Leg While On Disney Date With Wilmer Valderrama! Lady Gaga Films Fans and Causes Chaos at Mickys Bar in WEHO! Designed by BlogConsulting.com 