 Supercars.net Username Password Register Galleries Videos Forums Add Supercar Your Account 1952 Muntz Jet Bailon Convertible Tweet Home  Muntz  Jet Bailon Convertible Above Images ©Bonhams & Butterfields Gallery Images more gallery images Built to special order by Freddy Martin, this Muntz Jet was modified by San Francisco customizer Joe Bailon into the car you see here. Martin actually purchased a stock Muntz Jet in 1952, but sent it to Bailon for a new look. Bailon took the design and added a unique front end that included a new grille, air scoop and protruding fenders. The rear end continued the theme with prominent fenders finishing with Mercury taillights. It was painted two tone black and white with unique chrome accents. In this configuration it was featured in Motor Life magazine. In the 1990s, the car was discovered and restored by Frank Opalka and Lou Natenshon. Hemmings Classic Car followed the restoration for their December 2006 article and it was subsequently debuted at the 2006 Amelia Island Concours d’Elegance. Later it was shown at the 2008 Pebble Beach Concours. It was sold by Bonhams at their 2009 Exceptional Motorcars and Automobilia Auction at the Quail Lodge Resort. They described the car as "With a few hundred miles on the odometer post restoration this unique automobile presents beautifully today. Standing as a great testament to three unique men their fields, Muntz, Martin and Bailon the car will always be a show stopper and talking point wherever it goes, even at among other Muntz’s for which there is a registry and gather biennially." Story by Richard Owen Chassis & Sales 1952 Muntz Jet Bailon Convertible - sold for $100,000 With a few hundred miles on the odometer post restoration this unique automobile presents beautifully today. Standing as a great testament to three unique men their fields, Muntz, Martin and Bailon the car will always be a show stopper and talking point wherever it goes, even at among other Muntz’s for which there is a registry and gather biennially. Gallery: 2009 Bonhams Exceptional Motorcars at Quail Lodge Resort Videos Add video of this car (youtube link): Used cars for sale from our partners at Lemonfree.com Forum add topic In Detail submitted by Richard Owen type Concept / Prototype Car body stylist Joe Bailon production 1 Supercar Spotlight  POTD Recent Articles 2013 Pebble Beach Conc... 2013 24 Hours of SPA Top 10 Images from SPA... Only Original Once, An... Bugatti in Monterey more articles... Recent Supercars 2013 Lamborghini Gallardo LP ... 2013 Bugatti 16/4 Veyron Gran... 2013 Aston Martin DBS Coupé Z... 2014 Mercedes-Benz S 63 AMG 4... 2013 Bentley Continental GT3 Contact Us | FAQ | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy Copyright 1996-2013 Supercars.net Publishing. All rights reserved 