 VISIT EVENTS THINGS TO DO MEETING & GROUP PLANNING MEDIA Business Resources">MEMBER & BUSINESS RESOURCES BUSINESS DIRECTORY Park City Resorts Park City is a scenic mountain community with three world-class resorts and a town filled with activities. Plan your perfect Park City Utah summer vacation today.... more Park City Hotels & Lodging Park City is home to a wide variety of lodging properties.... more Restaurants and Nightlife Choose from over 100 restaurants... more More Resources Park City Blog Specials & Promotions Getting To Park City Park City Weather Park City Webcams Request a Brochure Park City Map Transportation Visitor Centers Park City History Subscribe to our Newsletter International Visitors Summer Senior Program  Calendar of Events A vacation in Park City is a hot ticket, flavored with performing arts, music, events and festivals.... more Annual Special Events Park City has as many events and cultural activities as we have wooded trails.... more Chamber Bureau Events Take advantage of events and activities exclusively for our Members... more More Resources Ongoing Events Business Community Calendar  Mountain Biking & Hiking Mountain biking in Park City, Utah is pure "Gold," according to IMBA. We make it easy as all three resorts--Deer Valley Resort, Park City Mountain Resort and Canyons Resort--offer lift-served mountain biking, so sit back and enjoy the ride up the mountain, then explore miles of scenic mountain trails. ... more Arts & Culture Park City is a thriving, world-renowned art community. ... more Action & Adventure When the miners founded Park City, every day was an adventure. Find an excursion that fits you, and make some history on your vacation. ... more More Resources Sports & Recreation Park City Scenic Drives Park City Food Tours Park City Culinary Arts Park City Historic Tours Park City Fishing Park City Golf Fall Activities in Park City Horseback Riding Hot Air Ballooning Hay Rides Utah Olympic Park Spa & Massage Services Utah State Parks Water Sports & Rafting Disabled Recreation Park City Shopping Park City Museums Chiropractic Services Art Galleries Special Events Film Tennis Sports Equipment Rental & Retail  Hotels and Venues Park City features 30 professional meeting properties, 4,000 sleeping rooms and over 125,000 square feet of meeting space; everything from esteemed hotels and lodges to unique meeting attractions.... more Submit an RFP Request a Meeting Planner Kit More Resources Private Group Dining Accessibility Site Inspection Promotion Promote Your Event Group Services What's New Contact M & C Park City Weddings Park City Reunions Keep It Local Year-round Meetings  Park City in the News Park City has many stories to tell. Read the latest media coverage featuring our restaurants, hotels, and recreation experiences. ... more Media Assistance Request Photo & Video Gallery More Resources Press Kits Park City Story Ideas Park City Blog Park City Film Commission  Membership Benefits As a part of their annual investment, Park City Chamber/Bureau members and their employees have a wide array of benefits available to them. They include significant discount programs for health-related services; special pricing on season passes at the three area ski/snowboard resorts; exclusive insurance offerings; discounts on skis and snowboards; and more. ... more Tools for Business Success Local, state, federal, and best-of-the-web resources to start and grow your business.... more Join the Chamber Bureau More Resources About the Chamber Resources & Data Keep it PC Chamber Bureau Events Member Tools RSVP for a Chamber Event Estimated Lodging Reports IRS Business Resources Webinars & Training Seminars Community Information Staff Directory Contact Us Site Map  Business Directory Park City is a vibrant mountain town with a strong local economy. With so many shops, galleries, restaurants and businesses here, Use the Directory below to help narrow down your search and find exactly the service or business you need.... more Staff Directory Contact Us Have a question? ... more More Resources Summit County Business Directory Site Map Thingsto Do Mountain Biking & Hiking Arts & Culture Action & Adventure Sports & Recreation Park City Scenic Drives Park City Food Tours Park City Culinary Arts Park City Historic Tours Park City Fishing Park City Golf Fall Activities in Park City Horseback Riding Hot Air Ballooning Hay Rides Utah Olympic Park Spa & Massage Services Utah State Parks Water Sports & Rafting Disabled Recreation Park City Shopping Park City Museums Chiropractic Services Art Galleries Special Events Film Tennis Sports Equipment Rental & Retail BOOK ONLINE Request a Visitors Guide  Print Park City, Utah Arts, Culture, Theater, Culinary Arts From Culinary Arts to Local Art Galleries in Park City Park City, Utah is a thriving, world-renowned art community. Browse through Park City's local art galleries , where you'll find the best from local artists and designers. Park City Utah's theater or dance performances, located at the Eccles Center or the Egyptian Theatre, offer shows throughout the summer. The summer brings a long list of of ongoing events in Park City as well as annual events , includingthe annual Kimball Arts Festival and Park City Food and Wine Classic . Do you have a passion for food?Visit our members who specialize in the culinary art of food . View: A - F | G - L | M - R | S - Z | ALL 1-9 of 9 Commemorative Air Force Utah Wing Museum 620 West Airport Road D38 Heber City, UT 84032 Phone: (801) 390-7042 Website: www.cafutahwing.org Collection of aircraft and other memorabilia from WWII, Korean and Vietnam war era's that record and preserve the sacrifices made by the men and women who served. Aircraft rides available. Details  Egyptian Theatre 328 Main Street Park City, UT 84060 Phone: 435-649-9371 Website: www.ParkCityShows.com The Egyptian Theatre is Park City's historic home for live stage performances. Located at 328 Main Street, this local favorite offers a variety of professional weekly entertainment, including concerts and comedy, drama and dance, YouTheatre and your ... more Details Map It facebook twitter youtube Kimball Art Center 638 Park Avenue Park City, UT 84060 Phone: 435-649-8882 Website: www.kimballartcenter.org The Kimball Art Center is a non-profit center for the arts, committed to engaging individuals of all ages in diverse and inspiring experiences through education, exhibitions and events. Each year, the KAC showcases 20 visual art exhibits, teaches art ... more Details Map It  Park City Culinary Institute 7720 Royal Street Deer Valley Club Park City, UT 84060 Phone: (435) 659-5075 Website: www.pcculinary.com At Park City Culinary Institute, you will meet culinary legends, attend demonstrations by up-and-coming chefs from notable restaurants, have discussions with popular food authors and visit local artisans and farms. Join us for sumptuous meals and ... more Details Map It  Park City Performing Arts Foundation/Eccles Center Summer Box Office: 435 Swede Alley Park City, UT 84060 Phone: 435-655-8252 Admin office Website: www.ecclescenter.org Park City Performing Arts Foundation is a non-profit organization, dedicated to presenting world-class performances to the community. PCPAF is currently presentinganother season of eclectic, nationally and internationally renowned performers at ... more Details Map It facebook Park City Summit County Arts Council 1354 Park Avenue Park City, UT 84060 Phone: 435-647-9747 Website: www.pcscarts.org A nonprofit cultural arts umbrella organization, dedicated to supporting and promoting arts and culture in Summit County. Offering resources and support for artists and organizations. Details Map It  Park Silly Sunday Market Main Street Park City, UT 84060 Phone: 435-655-0994 Website: www.parksillysundaymarket.com The Park Silly Sunday Market is an eco-friendly open air market and street festivallocated on Park City's Historic Main Street. It is held everySunday from early June through the end of September, from 10am until 5pm. Activities include a ... more Details  The Park City Food & Wine Classic 1539 Platte Street, Suite 206 Denver, CO 80202 Phone: 303-777-6887 Website: www.parkcityfoodandwineclassic.com The Park City Food  Wine Classic is an annual wine festival featuring hundreds of wines and the finest restaurants. Held the first full weekend after the 4th of July, come experience this epicurean extravaganza! This premier destination event ... more Details Map It facebook twitter youtube The Paint Mixer LLC. 738 Main Street Park City, UT 84060 Phone: (435) 604-0820 Website: www.thepaintmixer.com Park City's Premier Paint and Wine studio. The Paint Mixer is Park City's venue for art and wine instruction. Perfect venue for date night, family events and fundraisers. Details Map It  View: A - F | G - L | M - R | S - Z | ALL 1-9 of 9   2013 - Park City Chamber of Commerce and Visitors Bureau Privacy Policy - Sitemap Plan your next Park City vacation with  72 Fair SUMMER WINTER  (800) 453-1360  We're sorry, there is not an alternate version setup for this page. Would you like to view the homepage? www.visitparkcity.com 