 Home Why AP Our Approach It Works A Website? Contact Us  MVP What would an extra 20% do for you? Motor Vehicle Pro found out. find out for yourself Google Do you know what your customers are saying about you? If you dont, you should. JAS Johnson's Automotive Service got a fresh, clean look in all the right places. Getting it done, online. Clients We tend to let our work speak for itself... see what it's saying. Roberts Roberts had a bland, non-personal website. They got it cheap. see what they have now.  Do I really need a better website? Are you kidding me? Being a shop owner, I find that 85 percent of my new clients are finding me via the Internet. Google is the new Yellow Pages so why would you pay hundreds of dollars a month for something that sits in a drawer? learn more Why should you choose AP? There is a guy named Matt Winslow and if you do alignments in your shop the name might ring a bell, think Wintoe. He works for a company called Automotive Training Institute (ATI), the largest consulting company for our industry. learn more Our approach to your new website We don't believe in showing how many pieces you can tear a car apart into, and don't recommend showing pictures of your shop, unless it looks like the Taj Mahal. We want to help you show your potential clients the people that represent your already... learn more Facebook page just sitting there? No Tweets on your Twitter? In addition to a professional website, Automotive Presence will assist clients with social media marketing. That’s right, social media such as Facebook, Twitter and blogging can help boost your business and give existing and potential clients a more personal feel.  Navigation Why AP Our Approach It Works A Website? Contact Us Recent Projects Discover what Automotive Presence is doing for Johnsons Automotive Service. How did we help Motor Vehicle Pro look like an MVP? Automotive Presence is not just for your automotive shop. Contact Stay up to date with Automotive Presence via Email or Facebook. Email Facebook  Automotive Presence. All rights reserved. Home Why AP Contact  