 Scuola Politecnica di Design SPD info Ask for more information School ▼ Scuola Politecnica di Design Partners News Teachers Contacts Events Design_Talks Courses ▼ Oneyear Product Design Oneyear Visual Design Oneyear Car Design Tools Other Master ▼ Industrial Design Transportation-Car Design Interior Design Web Design Visual Design Mid Interior Design Gallery ▼ Industrial Design Transportation-Car Design Interior Design Web Design Visual Design brochure. ita. SPD - Via Ventura, 15 20134 Milano - Italy T.+39 02 21597590 Compasso dOro award 1994 Compasso dOro Award 1994 Transportation-Car Design. One-year Master coursein collaboration with Volkswagen Design Group -XXIII edition Starting date: 22 October 2013 Final Dissertation project Scholarships available; Home. Master. Transportation-Car Design. Classes ▼ Concept Design Lorenzo Ardizio Car Design Laboratory Alessandro Maccolini Alias Katia Bettin, Marco Tonin Modeling Nicolangelo Dibitonto Colour Sketching Mauro Del Pelo Car Design History And Culture Lorenzo Ardizio Colour And Trim Studio Baolab Rendering Michele Leonello Kick Off Workshop Michele Leonello Transportation Design Laboratory I, I I Paolo Granelli, Andreas Zapatinas Car Design History And Culture The course is aimed at promoting the knowledge of transportation design history and its evolutions as crucial information, complementary to a design practice. Classes are intended to establish a positive interaction between history and present times in order to help the students fully understand critical issues and directions in current automotive production. The programme is arranged in monographic lectures focussing on brand identity, designers and design methodologies, vehicle architectures, market trends, technological developments. Specific attention will be devoted to the morphological transformation of the car, pointing out the innovations of both the chassis and the interiors together with the opportunities resulting from the broader evolutions of the mobility system. A sound automotive culture is thus fostered as a set of experiences to enable students to exercise more conscious creativity, engage in discussion and operate thoroughly in a professional environment. Main topics as follows: - brands: general analysis of the stylistic evolution, as well as a clustered analysis in a specific segment of the market / type of vehicle - the role of the car designer; the main stages of the automotive bodywork; evolution of the figure of the car designers - the bodywork: introduction; the origins of bodywork types and their evolution to the present day; the traditional bodyworks. New frontiers. Crossovers and vehicles with alternative propulsion systems. Main techniques of bodywork (material, patents, technical innovations) - the aerodynamic research and style: main stream in the past; integration of aerodynamics in the design; passive and active approach (aerodynamics as a strong point in terms of style or as a constraint for the designer) - from the bodywork to the design center: mass production requires standardization; the boom of standard models in the 50s and the birth of in-house design centers; structure and form: from the bodywork to the design department - European and non-European coachbuilders: the main brands, historical info, stylistic characteristics and relationships with manufacturers; use of materials and techniques; case studies: historical introduction, accomplishments, designers and indication of the bibliography. - European brands: major European manufacturers; interpretation of their peculiarities and achievements; historical introduction of the brand; market positioning; identification of the strategic values of the brand; overview of the evolution of their formal language; future trends - US brands: various stages in the evolution of American carmakers; peculiarities of the market; interaction between USA-Europe-Japan: import, export and joint ventures - Japan: the internal market; from exports to Europe to the opening of branches and subsidiaries - China and emerging markets: peculiarities of the internal market and relation with western brands; acquisition of a know-how and a new working method - Notable car designers: the most significant figures in the evolution of car design; the analysis of their work and accomplishments in the context of the time; relationships with the manufacturers - Preparation for visit to the Geneva Motor Show: the presentation strategies: halls, media campaigns; from concept to serial car production: the concept anticipates the car; the concept as a manifesto of style; the concept as an expression of technology Teachers Lorenzo Ardizio At SPD designers are being called on to envision progressive transportation concepts that fit a future scenario where cars are no more the unrivaled player. Alongside micromobility solutions or people mover systems that respond to the challenge of the new megacities and their fast-growing economies, todays car design paradigm can also be brought into question in the urge to better interpret new social habits and environmental issues. 15 June 2013 Tuition waivers offered by SPD and Volkswagen to candidates with outstanding profiles. Details here. Ask for more information SPD Brochure 03 May 2012 Patrick Lecharpy and Luciano Bove from Renault present the Twizy design story on 10/5/12. 2008  Scuola Politecnica di Design SPD | Via Ventura 15, 20134 Milano | T +39 0221597590 | F +39 0221597613 | P.IVA 11705380159 