 Call today: 509-662-2121 Wenatchee's Friendly, Expert Auto Repair Specialists Home About Us Why Choose Us? Company Profile Testimonials Shop Hours More Convenient Auto Repair Our Qualifications Financing  Payment Options Links European Specialist Volvo Auto Repair Audi Auto Repair VW Auto Repair BMW Auto Repair Mercedes Benz Auto Repair General Auto Repair Foreign  Domestic Brands Types of Vehicles We Service Automatic Transmission Repair Diesel Truck Service  Repair Customer Care Program Customer Care Reminder Program Customer Care Follow Up Program Customer Rewards Program Nationwide Warranties 24-Hours Road Assistance Early Bird / Night Owl Service Request Appointment Contact Us Specials Games Zombie express games  678 380 100 50 true true true true Convenient, Easy Location We’re on the North side of Wenatchee, on the 285/Wenatchee Avenue between Norco and the North Avenue Market (Red Barn). Your More Friendly and More Helpful Auto Repair Shop Global Car Care is the Wenatchee Valley area's favorite independent auto repair shop We Make Auto Repair More Convenient For You! We offer things such as a complimentary shuttle service, while you wait services, faster check in and much, much more. We Get it Right the First Time! Our staff has all the right ingredients to make sure the job is done right the first time. We Get You In and Out Fast! We do all we can to get you in and out of the shop as quick as possible. Long 24 Month/24,000 Mile Warranty We have a much longer warranty than most other auto repair companies. Fun Kid's Room While They Wait We try to make waiting for your car easier on you with a fun room full of toys and activities for the little ones.  ) no-repeat; width: 200px; height: 160px; margin-left:22px"> European Auto Specialists Also! In addition to our outstanding service for most foreign and domestic vehicles, we are also highly qualified professionals for most European cars: Volvo, VW, BMW, Mercedes and Audi. Read More!  ) no-repeat; width: 200px; height: 160px; margin-left:22px"> Why Choose Us? For the Wenatchee Valley area, we are the number one choice for auto repair and maintenance. Follow this link to learn more about why so many people choose us. Read More! ) no-repeat; width: 200px; height: 160px; margin-left:22px"> Need an Appointment? Use our "Appointment Request" form to send us an email for arranging an appointment for a repair or maintenance on your car. Read More!  Welcome to Global Car Care: Wenatchee Valleys Quality Auto Repair Shop Global Car Care has been providing expert auto repair and maintenance services to the Wenatchee Valley area since 1993.  We have grown to be one of the favorite auto repair shops because of three main ingredients: Highly qualified automotive people.We are fanatics about hiring the right people to service your car. We look for technicians that are ASE Certified and Master Technicians so we know they have the training and certification needed. We look for much more, though, experience. Experience gives you work that is done right the first time, lasts longer and is completed quickly. Learn More Friendly and helpful people that treat you right. At Global Car Care, we treat you the way we want to be treated. At our auto repair shop, you won’t find those grumpy guys that talk over your head or talk down to you. You WILL find friendly, helpful people that truly care about your situation and your car. Learn More More convenient auto repair. We know how auto repair and maintenance can interrupt your day. So, we have instituted a number or services that make it easier on you. From our convenient location, to our complimentary shuttle service, to a loaner car, and to the nicest waiting area in the Wenatchee Valley – we try to make it easier and more convenient on YOU. Learn More We know you have many choices today for auto repair and maintenance, and we are grateful you are considering our company.  Please look inside our menu above to learn more about us. Start with our “ Why Choose Us page .” Thank you, Global Car Care  Contact Us Global Car Care 1840 N. Wenatchee Ave Wenatchee ,WA 98801 509-662-2121 Full Contact Info Here Our Hours: Monday-Friday 7:45AM to 5:15PM Saturday by appointment Who We Are Global Car Care is a quality auto repair facility which employs only highly trained and experienced technicians who are experts in their field. We have been servicing Wenatchee Valley Area since 1993 with over 60,000 vehicles serviced. Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Facebook Looking for a quality Used Car? Email Us Name (required) Email (valid email required) Phone Subject Comments The color of grass is cforms contact form by delicious:days  © Copyright 2010-2013 Global Car Care. All Rights Reserved.  Global Car Care is a quality auto repair facility which employs only highly trained and experienced technicians who are experts in their field. We have been servicing Wenatchee Valley Area since 1993 with over 60,000 vehicles serviced.  Global Car Care  Wenatchee's Friendly, Expert Auto Repair Specialists Global Car Care 1840 N. Wenatchee Ave  Wenatchee, WA 98801 509-662-2121 Follow us on Facebook Global Car Care 1840 N. Wenatchee Ave Wenatchee, WA 98801 Phone: 509-662-2121 Login  Automotive Website Designer: Altra Web Design 