 money section  Saving & Spending Budgeting Banking Credit Cards Loans Real Estate Buying a Home Home Loans Selling a Home Business & Career Career Advice Land the Job Work for Yourself Start a Business Run a Business Insurance Insurance Basics Auto Insurance Life Insurance Retirement Get Started Plan Ahead Make It Last Investing Building Wealth Balancing a Portfolio Managing Your Money eHow Now More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Buying a car Buying Used Cars A Checklist for Certified Used Cars A Checklist for Certified Used Cars By Mark Fitzpatrick , eHow Contributor Share Print this article You should check a few conditions and specifications before buying a used car. Buying a used car is a cheaper investment for many drivers than buying a new car from a dealer. Although used cars are typically perfectly fine vehicles, there are some issues that may come with them. The primary concern is that you buy a certified used car. Certification for a used car is a status given to used cars that the original manufacturer has confirmed for resale. The confirmation may or may not come with refurbishment from the manufacturer. For example, a driver can purchase a used Ford car from a Ford dealership, which makes the vehicle a certified vehicle from Ford. Other People Are Reading Checklist for Used Cars Checklist When Buying a Used Car Buying From Dealership One of the easiest ways to buy a certified used car is to buy directly from the dealership. A dealership will have certification forms guaranteeing the buyer that the car is up to the manufacturer's standards. The buyer also may be able to see a vehicle history report with the dealer to see if the car has been through any major overhauls. Single Seller It is possible to have certification from a single seller. The seller of the used vehicle must contact their car manufacturer to have their car inspected. A car inspector, usually from a dealership, inspects the car to that manufacturer's certification standard. If the car passes, the car inspector gives the car seller a certification form. If the car does not pass certification, the seller must repair or refurnish some aspect of the vehicle before selling the car. Differences Between Dealership and Seller A dealership often works out better since the dealership can structure a payment plan for your car. However, a buyer might run into price negotiations and fierce marketing from a salesperson. A seller, however, may not always have certification on hand or a complete vehicle history report. Unless the buyer knows the seller well, the seller may hide certain facts about the used car from the buyer in order to have a sale.  Related Searches References Federal Citizen Information Center: Buying A Used Car Safe Car Guide: Manufacturer-Certified Used Vehicles Auto Facts: Used car buying Photo Credit classy car for sale image by itsallgood from Fotolia.com More Like This Checklist for Used Cars Checklist When Buying a Used Car Questions to Ask When Buying a Certified Pre-Owned Car Comments You May Also Like The Advantages of Certified Used Cars The Advantages of Certified Used Cars. If money is tight, buying a car may seem like the last thing you can afford.... 2006 Nissan Murano Certified Checklist Pre-owned, certified vehicles provide consumers with the benefits of professionally endorsed, effective vehicles at used car prices. Each automotive manufacturer has ... How to Import Used Cars From the USA Regulations governing importing a used car from the United States vary from country to country. Each nation has a different law of... Questions to Ask When Buying a Certified Pre-Owned Car Questions to Ask When Buying a Certified Pre-Owned Car. Certified pre-owned (CPO) cars present an ideal way to purchase a newer auto... Checklist for Buying Used Cars When buying a used car, it is vital to avoid the countless scams and unscrupulous deals that look too good to be... How to Become a Licensed Car Dealer in Pennsylvania Licensed car dealers are often the first people you see when you go to purchase an automobile. The certified merchants sell new... An Inspection Checklist for Buying a Used Car A used car purchase is often a gamble. Do your best to learn about the maintenance and service history of the vehicle... How to Deal With Used Car Dealers A car stands as a necessity for a good number of Americans and a luxury for others. People like to get a... How to Buy an Used Car - Poor Mans Checklist Want to buy an used car with great price and not get stuck with mechnical problems? I just bought one myself and... Fleet Vehicle Safety Checklist A fleet is a group of any type of vehicle not owned or leased by individuals, but by various businesses of differing... How to Get an EPA Certified Woodstove An EPA-certified wood stove has been reviewed for air-quality performance factors. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency requires that new wood stoves sold... Auto Safety Inspection Checklist Auto Safety Inspection Checklist. An auto safety checklist provides a practical proactive method for ensuring that a vehicle meets safety requirements. Conducting... How Do I Get Used Car Specifications? Whether you want to know more about a used car before buying it or are interested in selling your car, you can... My Car Wont Pass NYS Inspection New York State requires that all vehicles that are driven on the road must be inspected. Inspections must take place by a... How to Start a Used Car Dealership For every person who buys a new car, theres at least one other person who prefers to buy a used car. By... What Does It Mean to Have a Basic Warranty on a Used Car? Buying a used car can be somewhat of a gamble, but the presence of a basic warranty can make the purchase seem... Motor Vehicle Safety Inspection Certification Requirements Some states require vehicle safety inspections at specific intervals to ensure that vehicles on the road are safe. When a car is... How to Find a Auto Mechanic Who Is ASE Certified Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) certification is a widely recognized and sought-after auto mechanic credential. A mechanic with an ASE certification is one... Related Ads  View Photos Splurge vs. Spend: Your Grocery List You May Like Questions to Ask When Buying a Certified Pre-Owned Car Checklist for Buying Used Cars Car Buying Checklist Checklist for Buying a New Car What to Ask When Buying a Used Car Tips When Buying Used Cars How to Negotiate for a Certified Used Car Car Insurance Checklist Featured 3 Money-Saving Tricks Youve Never Heard Of Check It Out Frugal Grocery Shopping Tips View Photos 10 Ways to Build Up Home Equity Check It Out Others Also Viewed 2006 Nissan Murano Certified Checklist Checklist for Buying a Used Boat How to Decrease Fees When Buying a Pre-Certified Car Checklist for Buying Used Cars How to Check Out a Used Car ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 