 Trust My Mechanic .com - Home of the Honest Auto Mechanic  Living In The State Of California Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut Washington D.C. Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming  My Free Newsletter Best Auto Insurance Auto Glass Quotes Best Auto Loan Best Car Quote  Welcome AUTO REPAIR MANUALS Home About Me Contact Car Forum My Newsletter My Blog Free Car Articles Car Troubleshooting Auto Maintenance Maintenance Lists Used Car Check List Car Parts Gallery Flood Damaged Cars All About Motor Oil Car Won't Start A/C Troubleshooting Exhaust Smoke Brake Cylinder Blown Head Gasket Tire Pressure Auto Warranty Japan Used Engines What IS a Tune Up? Used Car Buying After An Accident Prepared for Emergency? A Used Car Story Archives Protect Yourself Car Repair Advice Horror Stories What NOT to Say Mechanic Scams Auto Recall Shop Auto Repair Manual Car Buying Tip Buy Tires Online Car Buying Online Best Car Wax FREE QUOTES Auto Insurance NJ Auto Insurance Extended Auto Warranty Auto Loan Bad Credit Auto Refinance New Car Quotes Used Car Quotes Cheapest Car Insurance Car Insurance Houston Student Car Loan Auto Insurance Agents New Car Dealers Resources Affiliate Disclaimer Privacy Terms Of Service Sites Sitemap Contact  Finally The Truth About Auto Repair Finally honest, straight to the point auto repair advice in a language you can understand, that gives answers to your car questions. This is not how-to but rather  how-not-to  information. Stop over-paying your auto mechanic, and I bet you are right now! Don't trust your auto mechanic? Think they might be trying to pull the wool over your eyes? Need answers to your auto repair questions? It is usually what the customer (YOU) says that can cause them to get taken advantage of. Learn how to protect yourself with this straight to the point, and easy to follow auto repair advice manual..designed for the car OWNER.. My popular eBook What Your Mechanic Doesn't Want You to Know is a must-have for ALL car owners. It is filled with valuable information, tricks of the trade, and real life scenarios taken from MY customers who said too much, did too little and found themselves in a pickle. You can probably relate to at least one of my stories already. Read my Ebook before you take your car in for its next service! Save $1000's on auto repair! What's New  Not real sure what a PCV valve or a CV boot looks like? New pictures with explanations in our Auto Parts Picture Gallery  Talk to your auto insurance agent before you purchase your next car. Auto Insurance Tips | Auto Insurance Houston | Teen Auto Insurance Do I have an automatic transmission problem with my car?  So you want a cheap used car ? Cutting costs might actually cost you more!  Teen car insurance How you can reduce your rate. I get asked twice a day, how can I get cheap teen car insurance .   Should you buy a used car ? Now?  Where can I find good Car insurance Dallas that is cheap? Florida No Fault Insurance | Non Owner Insurance   Why does my car die at idle ? I need sports car insurance !  Our auto repair newsletter tops 20,000 subscribers. Are you on the list? Newsletter Sign Up   Join our forum board for answers to your car repair questions. Car Forum  Hot Articles - Why is my car overheating ? Help me deal with an Auto Insurance Adjuster! , How to Find a Auto Repair Shop , Run Your Car On Water    Yes, there really is a Low cost car insurance company in your area. Why 10 minutes can easily pay for a Caribbean cruise vacation. Online Auto Insurance quote  Should you really change your oil every 3,000 miles? How Do you get the best gas mileage ? Do you need cheep car insurance too? I have an automatic transmission repair problem . Should I get an overhaul or rebuilt transmission?  Compare low rate auto loans online Buy Tires Online ! - When do you know you really need a front end alignment, and what are the symptoms of out of alignment problems? If you need new tires, buy them online and have them shipped directly to your mechanic. For the Do-It-Your-Self'er Do you like to work on your own car? Do you like to save money on car repairs that you can do yourself? You probably know you really can't do to much to today's vehicles with out the proper Online auto repair manuals , wiring diagrams and charts, technical service bulletins, computer code definitions and illustrations....and all that is costly in itself.  Cheap Car Insurance Company This is not your typical Internet Hype. This is hands down the cheapest car insurance I have been able to find on the net today. Online quotes are free and there are no obligations to buy anything. Compare your current car insurance rate today. Maintenance Schedules Check out our free maintenance recommendation schedules to help keep your vehicle in tip top shape. Automotive Maintenance schedules. Print theses out and take them to your mechanic. Everything about Motor Oil I get tons of questions about the use of synthetic motor oil versus regular motor oil, which brands to use, what weight oil, how often should you change the oil etc. Get all the answers, and a free download of the popular ebook The Motor Oil Bible Ebook Why is my check engine light is on! - Do you know how many times a day I hear that? A few simple things you can do to help out your mechanic, save money on the repair cost and save yourself a lot of frustration. Get online auto repair advice and manuals to repair your car yourself! Should I tell my mechanic to keep all of my old parts so I know that the parts actually got replaced? Think you know the answer....I bet you are wrong! Do your brakes squeal and make noise? Brake Noise Does your car shake when you apply the brakes? Brake Vibration - Break seal leak? Do you flush your car radiator? Sometimes it is best to leave things alone...see why what you could be doing to your car could cause trouble . Radiator Flush Oil Leaks! Does your vehicle leak oil? Is your mechanic having a hard time stopping your oil leak? Engine Oil Leaks I have a leaky rear main bearing seal ...what is it??? Need Help Finding a Repair Shop ? Get Better Prices from your mechanic ! What Parts SHOULD you buy from a junk yard ? Do you really need to flush your brake fluid ? Do you really know everything you SHOULD know about a car lease ? Those sneaky TV commercials make car leasing sound easy, but it is anything but easy! Do you have a fast car? Could you use some great muscle car insurance don't let high car insurance rates get in the way of your fun! My Latest Blog Posts 08/21/2013 Pocket Hose Review  I know this is an auto repair website but I did a product review for the popular late night TV infomercial about Wipe New. Wipe New is designed to make the exterior plastic parts on your vehicle look new again. My review video on Youtube was a huge success, and one of the viewers asked [] Related Posts: Wipe New Headlight Restoration Kit Wipe New Review Car Insurance Commercials Tire Cupping Head Gasket Repair  This Works! 08/21/2013 Headgasket Repair Problems  HELP! I recently did a head-job on a 2000 Dodge Durango. I replaced head gaskets and had the heads shaved. I also replaced the timing cover gasket. The engine started and ran fine, except for one thing: a massive amount of smoke (water vapor, seemingly) constantly coming out of the exhaust. There appears to be [] Related Posts: Head Gasket Repair  This Works! Blown Head Gasket Symptoms Cooling System Pressure Test Engine Overheats KW Engine Block Sealer  For Head Gasket Leaks 07/22/2013 My Car Overheats In Traffic  I have a 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee. I had a coolant leak which was determined to be the water pump. I drove the car for a couple months just making sure to add coolant every few days not a bad leak and I had the water pump and thermostat replaced. However the car is now [] Related Posts: My Honda Engine Keeps Overheating  What Causes This? Why is My Car Overheating  New Thermostat and Water Engine Overheats Why Is My Toyota Camry Overheating? Car Overheats While In Traffic 07/16/2013 When To Change Spark Plugs in Car?  I got a great question the other day and watched to share it with you and my video reply that I made. This person bought a used car and asked me if there was a way they can tell if it had ever had a tune up before. Great question, so take a minute now [] Related Posts: How to Change Spark Plugs Tune Up Cost How To Test Spark Plug Wires Engine Hard To Start When Hot Car Runs Bad and Engine Misses 07/15/2013 Alternator In My Car Heats Up Burns Out In 3 Minutes 창 Why?  I have a 1993 Nissan Maxima and have put two remanufactured alternators in it this week, and after starting the car they got really hot and burnt out within 3 minutes any ideas? Hi there, Usually when this type of thing happens it is due to a faulty alternator. I would recommend you buy a [] Related Posts: Battery Dead  Engine Wont Start Now Dim Headlights Toyota Camry Wont Start Sometimes Symptoms of a Bad Alternator Battery Keeps Going Dead 06/26/2013 Flywheel 창 Starter Grinding Noise  I have an 81 GMC Jimmy with a 350 auto transmission. I purchased it and about two weeks after I bought it the starter gave out. During removal of starter noticed flyweel had some damage to the the teeth. It appeared to be minimal so I didnt replace it. Replaced the starter and shimmed it. [] Related Posts: Car Starter Motor Shim  What Is It? Have to Push Start Or Jump Starter To Start Engine My Truck Wont Start Sometimes  No Click No Chrysler PT Cruiser Transmission Problem? Toyota Camry Wont Start Sometimes 06/24/2013 Car Overheats While In Traffic  Hi Austin, I just watched your video! I live in NW Houston and Im having the car heat up after Ive been driving it for half an hour and I need to stop or drive very slow in traffic. The fans seem to be working and one was just replace two days ago, so I [] Related Posts: My Car Overheats In Traffic Why is My Car Overheating  New Thermostat and Water Why Is My Toyota Camry Overheating? My Honda Engine Keeps Overheating  What Causes This? How to Diagnose a Cooling System Problem Car Repair Home About Contact Newsletter Trouble Shooting Articles  Used Car Check List Maintenance Articles  Car Repair Forum  Auto Repair Advice Ebook Copyright www.TrustMyMechanic.com  Kontera ContentLink(TM)var dc_AdLinkColor = 'blue' ; var dc_PublisherID = 11159 ; ; 