   Shopping Jobs Cars Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen The Gazette (Montreal)  Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion  Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Lotteries Astrology Health Diet  Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family  Child Men Women Travel Trip Ideas Tools  Tips Community Destination Guides Travel Shots Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech   Entertainment  Off The Wire Selena Gomez chides reporter who asks what Taylor Swift said at the VMAs LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction and former love interest Harry Styles took the stage for the MTV Video Music Awards? more Â» 2 hours ago Â  Â  'Paradise Valley' top album on iTunes in Canada Â  2 hours ago Â  Â  Dan Zanes teams up with Elizabeth Mitchell to create music for toddlers and their parents Â  2 hours ago Â  Â  Review: You're not paranoid - in 'Closed Circuit,' no one's ever really alone Â  2 hours ago Â  Â  '42' actor Chadwick Boseman to play James Brown in long-planned biopic Â  3 hours ago Â  Â  Paterniti chronicles more than the making of a famous Spanish cheese in 'The Telling Room' Â  3 hours ago Â  Â  A fall harvest of new broadcast TV shows, but how many will viewers want to spend time with? Â  3 hours ago Â  Â   Television Movies Movies  Â  Jon Tenney on filming caper series King  Maxwell in Vancouver  The food here will kill you, but thats because its a stage set. The vintage 1950s diner booths and Wurlitzer jukebox at Lucys Diner look inviting, and so does the menu: The... Â  Comments ( ) Ashton Kutcher takes on Steve Jobs biopic (with video)  NEW YORK  Playing the brilliant but flawed Steve Jobs in the film biopic, Jobs, was a full-on commitment for Ashton Kutcher. And while the high-profile actor may not be as smart or as socially ... Â  Comments ( ) Ashton Kutcher takes on Steve Jobs biopic (with video)  âBe careful what you wish for:â Paranoiaâs Harrison Ford (with video)  LOS ANGELES  Nearly four decades ago, Harrison Ford had a small but pivotal role in Francis Ford Coppolas 1974 eavesdropping cautionary tale The Conversation. Now, Ford is one of the featured... Â  Comments ( ) âBe careful what you wish for:â Paranoiaâs Harrison Ford (with video)  Live from CBS Television City, itâs So You Think You Can Dance  LOS ANGELES, Calif.  From the outside, Stage 38 at CBS Television City appears as unprepossessing and nondescript as an empty warehouse. Looks are deceiving, though. For on the inside, past the... Â  Comments ( )  Interview In a Worldâ¦ film director Lake Bell with video Like most people who make their living in the arguably shallow pool of show business, Lake Bell doesn... more Â» Interview In a World... film director Lake Bell with video Â  Lance Armstrong doc, Woody Allen film among latest TIFF additions TORONTO  James Francos adaptation of Cormac McCarthys novel Child of God is bound... more Â» Â  Liam Hemsworthâs four years of living famously (with video) LOS ANGELES  Relaxing in a West Hollywood hotel suite, Liam Hemsworth paused to consider his ... more Â» Liam Hemsworth's four years of living famously (with video) Â  Oprah Winfrey wins praise for performance in âThe Butlerâ (with video) NEW YORK  Oprah Winfrey cant help being Oprah  even among famous actors attending... more Â» Oprah Winfrey wins praise for performance in 'The Butler' (with video) Â  Big Picture Part 1: Viewers watching more traditional TV, exec insists Who are you? Where are you? What do you watch on TV, and how do you choose to watch? And, most critically... more Â» Â  Big Picture Part 2: Digital technology liberates TV viewers His job is to make sense of the inscrutable, but as an adjunct professor of statistics at New York University... more Â» Â   Ent. News Sundance 2013 Trailers TIFF 2012 Bios and Interviews  Trending   Television Selena Gomez chides reporter who asks what Taylor Swift said at the VMAs LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction and former love interest Harry Styles took the stage for the MTV Video Music Awards? more Â» 2 hours ago Â   Â  Review: You're not paranoid - in 'Closed Circuit,' no one's ever really alone '42' actor Chadwick Boseman to play James Brown in long-planned biopic Short list of final four nominees announced for Aimia AGO Photography Prize Tate Taylor, director of 'The Help,' to film James Brown biographical feature film in Miss. Rapper 'Fat Joe' starts serving 4 months in federal prison for failure to file taxes Spanish-language radio star Piolin sues former employees, claiming $4.9 million extortion plot Movie News  Movies This is One Direction â Brits are ordinary superstars (with video) NEW YORK  A gaggle of energetic Directioners found their way to the front of Four Seasons Hotel in mid-Manhattan on the weekend. Their One Direction radar was telling them that the Fab Five U.K. lads were hiding out in [] more Â» 8 minutes ago Comments ( ) This is One Direction - Brits are ordinary superstars (with video) Â  Movies Â  Fall film preview 2013: Big Deal movies, ones based on real life, and plenty of Robert De Niro Music to die to: Songs that got a second life in movie death scenes Movie Reviews  Movies Movie review: I Give It a Year (with video) I Give It a Year Three stars out of five Starring: Rose Byrne, Rafe Spall, Simon Baker, Anna Faris, Minnie Driver Directed by: Dan Mazer Running time: 97 minutes Parental guidance: Sexual language, sexually explicit scene, nudity Though its a [] more Â» Comments ( ) Movie review: I Give It a Year (with video) Â  Movies Â  New on DVD for Aug. 27: Not-so-great Gatsby, Michael Bayâs Pain  Gain and more (with video) Movie review: Youâre Next (with video) Television   Television Jay Baruchel returns to TV ABC says the Goon star is working on a semi-autobiographical comedy about a successful actor who moves back to his hometown to get away from the shallowness of Hollywood. more Â» 14 minutes ago Comments ( ) Photos: Fall TV 2013-14 Video: Latest movie trailers Hockey-mad actor Jay Baruchel 'furiously typing away' at Goon sequel script Goon's success may help stem Canada's talent 'brain drain' to Hollywood Movie review: This Is The End is self-congratulatory fun, even if the audience isnât always in on the joke Â   Storage Wars Â  Storage Wars Canada hopes for major ratings debut (with video) Tuesday on TV: King  Maxwell is welcome escapism Miley Cyrus makes Lady Gaga look tame during MTV Video Music Awards opener (with photos and video) TV Tuesday: Rebecca Romijn returns to TV All is fair in love and âStorage Wars' as Canadian expansion premieres Thursday TV Tuesday: King  Maxwell debuts in Canada  Celebrity   Celebrity Did Miley Cyrusâ Video Music Awards performance kill twerking? The day after the MTV Video Music Awards came with a few more people Googling the phrase: What is twerking? more Â» 13 minutes ago Comments ( ) Macklemore  Ryan Lewis among top winners at the VMAs (with photos) Video: 'N Sync, Timberlake rule at MTV VMAs Photos: 40 hottest photos from the MTV Video Music Awards Miley Cyrus makes Lady Gaga look tame during MTV Video Music Awards opener (with photos and video) Â   Celebrity Â  Has Miley Cyrus killed twerking? Selena Gomez slams reporter for Taylor Swift question Selena Gomez: Don't even try to ask me about Taylor Swift's VMA f-bomb Kate Middletonâs post baby body â is amazing Rise of the Asian supermodel They're an item: Jenny McCarthy and Donnie Wahlberg Music   Music âN Sync reunion tour rumours wonât last more than 90 seconds, Lance Bass says Dont get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. The performance marked the first time the band played together in 11 years, and also the last time theyll do it, at least for a while. more Â» 13 minutes ago Comments ( ) Video: 'N Sync, Timberlake rule at MTV VMAs Photos: âN Sync returns at the MTV VMAs Photos: 40 hottest photos from the MTV Video Music Awards Justin steals the night (with video) 'We Can't Stop' remembering Miley Cyrus' MTV Video Music Awards performance (with photos, video) Â   'N Sync Reunion? Â  Bye, bye, bye âN Sync: Lance Bass nixes boy band reunion after VMA performance Kings of Leon back on track after period of disarray Lady Antebellum coming to Edmonton in March 'We Can't Stop' remembering Miley Cyrus' MTV Video Music Awards performance (with photos, video) Miley Cyrus does the twerk Country stars Lady Antebellum headed to Calgary for March 8 Saddledome show Books   Books Finding the courage to confront How The Light Gets In A Chief Inspector Gamache Novel more Â» 2 hours ago Comments ( ) Â   Books Â  Kathy Reichs' new Bones novel draws on suspicious death in Quebec Kathy Reichs' new 'Bones' novel draws on suspicious death in Quebec 100-Mile Diet author J.B. MacKinnon envisions âwilder way of being humanâ Fact to fiction: Elizabeth Gilbert, Ann Patchett among authors making a switch this fall Live Chat: Are you a mom on the brink? Weaving nature back into our cores  Privacy Statement   What's On Tonight for Tue, Aug 27 Â  All times are based on EST. Personalize by entering your Postal Code below. Â  Listings Favourites Â  Â  8:00 pm 9:00 pm Â  CBC Rick Mercer Report 22 Minutes Arctic Air Â  CTV So You Think You Can Dance Â  Global NCIS NCIS: Los Angeles Â  For local listings, enter your postal code Go Â  Â Â  Loading... For local listings, enter your postal code Go Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Close Â  Â  Hot at TIFF  All the stars coming to the Toronto International Film Festival Aug 20, 2013 Â  Ron Howardâs Jay Z doc coming to Toronto film festival Aug 20, 2013 Â  Lance Armstrong doc, Woody Allen film among latest TIFF additions Aug 13, 2013 Â  Eli Roth, Errol Morris films headline TIFF side programs Jul 30, 2013 Â  The top films featured at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival Jul 23, 2013 Â  Contests  Canada.com Sarah Brightman Contest Enter for your chance to win two tickets to see Sarah Brightman perform live in Vancouver more Â» Â  Canada.com Jack Johnson Contest Enter for your chance to win a VIP Experience to see Jack Johnson perform live in Toronto! more Â» Â   Hot Photos Oscars Oscars fashion - Rate 2013's best and worst red carpet looks Jennifer Lawrence... more Â» Oscar 2013 nominations: Snubs and Surprises Â  Grammys Grammy Awards 2013 - Best and worst moments Taylor Swift... more Â» Photos: 2013 Grammy Awards Red Carpet Dresses Â  Grammy Awards Fashion Photos: 2013 Grammy Awards Red Carpet Dresses The stars came... more Â» Â  SAG Award Fashion SAG Awards 2013 red carpet fashion (Photos) The stars hit... more Â» Â  SAG Awards SAG Awards 2013 - Best and worst moments Jennifer Lawrence... more Â» Â  Hunger Games Your first look at Catching Fire (photos) New photos from... more Â» Movie Review: The Hunger Games Photos: Jennifer Lawrence's Hunger Games Promo Style Â    Inside Canada.com  Â  Gallery: Celine Dion Florida estate -- US$72.5M Â  Nissan 360 a showcase of possibility Â  Gallery: Preppy nostalgia for all Â  10 tech lessons learned from a cross-Canada road trip Â  Flu shot may cut heart attack risk, say researchers Â  10 McDonaldâs menu items you probably havenât heard about Â  Infiniti drops the gloves in luxury battle Â  Songs that got a second life in movie death scenes Â  Gallery: Country estate in Guelph, Ontario -- $5.4M Â  Get organized for your kids' upcoming school year   News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Canadian fossil expert helps identify biggest fish ever known The top 18 most hilarious Miley Cyrus MTV VMA tweets Robocalls court filings shed new light on case, possible Sona involvement Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com YellowPages Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Real Estate Listings Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright  Permissions  2010-2013 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.  SiteCatalyst code version: H.25.4. Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com 