  Authors : Maximum article exposure. Publishers : Reprintable article content. BROWSE ARTICLES ArticleBiz.com Home Featured Articles Recently Added Articles Most Viewed Articles Article Comments Advanced Article Search AUTHORS Submit Article Check Article Status Author TOS PUBLISHERS RSS Article Feeds Terms of Service Humor Articles Home Arts & Entertainment Humor Photographs that displays emotions not just poses! By John Daniels Besides knowing the technical details of the camera, photographers today need to understand the various emotions they try to capture that bring the picture .... when you look at your wedding photo album down the years, it still manages to bring a twinkle in the eye. Lilo photo design promises to deliver just that. Funny Short Stories By Jasmine Montford Telling funny short stories is an art in itself; just ask stand-up comedians who tell the same jokes over and over again and yet still elicit the loudest .... short stories with a straight face until the punch line and then laugh with your audience. Remember that the story is the funny thing here, not you per se. Funny Christmas Stories to Share with Your Loved Ones By Jasmine Montford Christmas is a time of goodwill, good cheer and good times with family and friends. Christmas songs are sung, Christmas dishes and desserts are shared .... the community? So, share your funny Christmas-themed stories at the dinner table and watch how love, peace and goodwill flow among family and friends. Chapter 11-- Summer of 70 By Mark Sweeney The Summer of 1970. Wow. What a great summer! It will always go down as one of the best. No, no, it was the best; it was just one of those summers that .... them. Cars rolling over stuff, now thatÂs good clean fun. I dont know why bread being squashed by a car is entertaining, but damned if it isnÂt. Chapter 4 --1st grade By Mark Sweeney For First grade I had Mrs. Enke, I have no idea who she was or what she looked like. I do know she thought my handwriting needed a lot of improvement. .... more cooperative this quarter. I hope Mark has a happy summer.Whew! IÂm glad IÂm done with Mrs. Enke. She seemed glad to be rid of me. Curious. Top Nerd Girlfriend Freakouts By Bryan Davidson Almost every Male Nerd who has ever attended a Sci-Fi convention has asked the question, How do I find a Nerd Chick?Every relationship needs .... Thinking of what to say when the other person is talking.Interrupting by telling the speaker how their story relates to your story. Funniest Show Touches the Heart of Everyone By Mcclain Horrigon The comedy world is alive because of one and only energetic standup comedian Jeff Dunham. His name is included in the countryÂs biggest comedians, popular .... and performs different shows in the big cities. This is the reason that everyone is demanding the hottest Jeff tickets to get rid of their boring life. UK Property: Have you ever thought about down-sizing? By Rebecca Smith If youÂve ever thought about down-sizing this could be the answer. This modern home is perfect for one person or a happy couple.The 27m3 house has .... smaller than this!But it does pay a 10.2 percent guaranteed rental return.If you are interested drop me an email and I will send you all the details. Easy Ways To Get Whiplash Claim And Compensation By Richard Mike If you have been involved in a non fault road traffic accident and suffered a personal injury, call our whiplash compensation solicitors today. Compclaims .... undrivable. We can also arrange for assistance with rehabilitation and physio if required and recover the cost of this from the other parties insurers. Winnie the Pooh Quotes and Nothing Else By Karisma Sand Here is Edward Bear coming downstairs now, bump, bump, bump on the back of his head, behind Christopher Robin. It is, as far as he know, the only .... The Tao of Pooh came out. Pooh is used as an allegory, making it easy for members of Western society to understand the philosophy of Taoism. One liners funny like never before By Macbeth Ashlee When was the last time you had a hearty laugh? If you donÂt quite remember, donÂt worry because you will be spending the next fifteen minutes of your life .... tease someone, quotes on love as given above.You can choose from a whole lot of bunch available on the site. So go and sign in. The choice is all yours. Humor Column: The Only Blues You Should Be Playing is B.B. King By Joe Ditzel You used to be able to shoot a round of golf in a few hours. Now a round of golf drags on longer than a weekend with your relatives. You play the first .... graphite breath. Dont take 8 practice swings and lets all get home before the sprinklers pop up at dark and hose us down.(c) Joe Ditzel Hanging with a clock collector By Mary A. Berger Ding! Ding! Ding!It was the middle of the night, and I bolted straight up in bed, heart pounding. My husband stirred just enough to notice.  .... husband. Just the other day I saw him eyeing a clock at a shop in town. And you can imagine what he was thinking: Theres always room for one more! Confessions of a cross-stitcher By Mary A. Berger Give me one good reason why I shouldnt work on my cross-stitch in the car, I wanted to know. My husband and I were preparing to leave on .... next month. Maybe I could sneak in a few stitches somewhere between do you take and I now pronounce.Think anyone would notice? Hes a Mustache Machine! By Jerry Landry He shaves it off. It reappears above his lips two days later. Some call this a blessing. He regards it as a curse. This upper lip follicle factory .... there is a good answer to any of these questions. Then again, we really havenÂt been able to think too clearly ever since we saw that dazzling Âstache. Articles 1 - 15 :: Prev | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 .. | Next  Copyright  2013 by ArticleBiz.com. All rights reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Submit Article | Editorial 