 DMV.org About Our Company Advertise at DMV.org Facebook Twitter Search  Choose State  Home License & ID Drivers License Applying for a License (Adult) Renewing Your License Replacing a Lost License Suspended License Driving Records Car Insurance Coverage New Drivers Drivers Permits Drivers Training Applying for a License (Teen) License Prep Course Driver Handbook Study Guides Education & Training Drivers Ed Practice Tests Drivers Training Commercial Driver Education Traffic Schools Additional Resources Address  Name Change Forms  Publications Identification Cards DMV Office Finder Passport Application  Renewal Safety  Driving Voter Registration Related Articles Our Blog Motorcycle Riders International Driver Permits Commercial Drivers Military Drivers New to Your State Registration  Titling Vehicle Registration Register Car Registration Renewal Registration  Insurance Replacing a Lost Registration License Plates  Placards Vehicle Titling Title Transfers Replacing a Lost Title Salvaged Title Bill of Sale Vehicle Donation Special Vehicles Motorcycle Registration RV  Motorhome Registration Boat Registration and Licenses Custom Built Car Registration Special Vehicles Additional Resources Address  Name Change Forms  Publications Handicapped Placard DMV Office Finder Smog  Emission Checks Related Articles Our Blog Used Car Buyers Guide Selling Your Car Vehicle History Reports New Car Buyers Guide Reports  Records Driving Records Check Your Driving Record Motor Vehicle Report DMV Point System Suspended License Impact on Insurance Rates Vehicle History Run a Vehicle History Report Decode the VIN Why Run a VHR Motorcycle VIN Check RV VIN Check Vital Records Birth Certificates Vital Records Marriage Records Death Records Divorce Records Additional Resources Forms  Publications DMV Office Finder Recalls Suspended License Warrants Related Articles Our Blog Background Checks Public Records Criminal Records Credit Reports Tickets  Violations Traffic Tickets Pay Your Traffic Ticket Lost Traffic Ticket Traffic Ticket Attorneys Fines & Penalties How Tickets Impact Insurance DUI & DWI DUI Attorneys Alcohol  Drugs Awareness SR-22 Insurance DWI Attorneys Accident Guide When An Accident Happens Filing an Accident Report Filing an Insurance Claim Personal Injury Attorneys How Accidents Impact Insurance Additional Resources Car Insurance Driving Records Forms  Publications DMV Office Finder Safety  Driving Related Articles Our Blog DMV Point System Traffic Schools Laws  Attorneys Suspended License Defensive Driving Insurance Shop Insurance Online Car Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Commercial Auto Insurance RV Insurance Sport Vehicle Insurance Trailer Insurance Insurance Learning Center State Insurance Requirements Auto Insurance Center Commercial Auto Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Insurance Policy Basics Insurance Claims Related Articles Get a Free Car Insurance Quote Compare quotes from multiple insurance companies. Car Insurance Motorcycle Insurance Commerical Auto Insurance ATV Insurance Boat Insurance RV Insurance Trailer Insurance  Buying  Selling Used Car Buyers Guide Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Paperwork When Buying a Car Used Car Taxes and Fees Used Car Inspection Used Car Work Sheet Used Car Vehicle History Report New Car Buyers Guide Auto Loans Buying Online or at the Dealership How to Read a Window Sticker Leasing vs. Buying New Car Taxes and Fees Lemon Law Selling Your Car Bill of Sale Form Paperwork When Selling a Car Release of Liability Donate Your Car Selling Your Car Locally Selling Your Car Online Additional Resources Buying and Selling FAQs Equipment  Technology Forms  Publications State Regulations DMV Office Finder Related Articles Our Blog Auto Warranty Vehicle History Reports Auto Dealers Tax and Tags Calculator Buying  Selling Learning Ctr. Getting a Loan Leasing 101 Appraisal and Kelley Blue Book Manufacturer Incentives Purchasing a Hybrid Best and Worst Gas Mileage Benefits of Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles How To Find the Best Used Car How To Avoid Flood-Damaged Vehicles When is it Time to Buy Another Vehicle? How To Research A New Car Donating Your Car Considering Resale Value Understanding Car Financing Review of New Models Creating a Car Budget How To Avoid Showroom Anxiety Which New Model is for You? Lease Or Buy? How to Sell Your Car Online How To Take A Test Drive How To Get A Vehicle History Report Trading In A Used Car Shopping For A Car Online Getting A Good Deal When To Buy Lemon Law Review New Car Buyers Guide Used Car Buyers Guide Selling Your Car Bill of Sale Form VIN Record History Auto Warranty Auto Loans Dealers  Auto Industry Equipment  Technology State Regulations Buying and Selling FAQs Tax and Tags Calculator Automotive Forums Auto Repair and Service Lemon Law Car Insurance Rating Factors and Your New Car Search DMV.ORG Find information on licenses, registration, records, and more. Home Buying  Selling Learning Ctr. Benefits of Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Benefits of Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Compare Insurance Rates in 3 Easy Steps 1. Start Your Quote:  Not so long ago, buying a used car was a dicey proposition. Actually, it still can be. But it is so much easier now to buy a used vehicle that is in excellent working conditionand to find one whose reliability will allow you to sleep at night. Part of the reason for this is the emergence of the pre-owned certified car market. Generally, a certified car: Has undergone an extensive safety and performance inspection; Has been repaired or refurbished to bring it to nearly new car standards; Carries an extended warranty. As these cars grow in popularity, more and more groups are getting into the picture. Car dealers and third-party companies are now joining an area that was once the domain of vehicle manufacturers. However, cars with manufacturer-sponsored programs are still the largest part of the pre-owned certified market. Let's take a look at these programs, which offer the most benefit to the consumer. How Certification Programs Work The certified market began with high-end or luxury cars that were coming off a lease. Many of these cars were already in terrific shape and had low mileage. Manufacturers decided to recondition the cars before allowing them back on the market. They also added some nice extra features, such as attractive financing deals and extended warranties. Eventually, the market spread to include vehicles in lower price ranges, and the popularity of the programs mushroomed. Only certain used cars will make it into a certification program. Usually these cars are less than five years old and have fewer than 75,000 miles. They've also escaped any serious accidents that would have required extensive body work. Why are manufacturers so fussy about what cars make it into their programs? For starters, they don't want unhappy customers. Also, manufacturers want to uphold the resale value of their cars, a selling point for their new car customers. And they don't want to deal with costly repair bills. Remember, these cars are still under warranty. Consumers Win Certified vehicles have been a hit with consumers for several reasons. These cars have already passed their steepest depreciation period, which occurs in the first couple of years. Since these are used cars, customers have a crack at affording a type of vehicle that might have been out of their price range as a new car. Owners love the peace of mind that comes from having a car that has been verified by the manufacturer to be in top working conditionand to have an extended warranty, should something go wrong. What's the Catch? Expect to pay anywhere from $1,000 to $3,000 more for a certified vehicle, due to the cost of the refurbishment and extended warranty. So make sure to shop around for the best deal, just as you would for a new car. And remember: negotiate. Be sure to comparison shop for the best certification programs. Sites such as Kelley Blue Book and Intellichoice make it easy for you to see what each manufacturer's program has to offer, in terms of things such as warranties and inspections. All the programs will provide you with adequate protection and value, but some stand out in these categories. Contact the dealer or manufacturer for more details about the inspection and repair programs. Be sure to find out: Exactly what parts are checked out and fixed during the inspection. Look up the model you're interested in to find out if it has a history of maintenance problems, and ask if these have been addressed. Find out if the more costly repairs have already been made, or if they are under warranty. Get details of the warranty programs to discover how much you'll be responsible for. As mentioned earlier, many nonmanufacturer certified programs are sprouting up. Be careful when dealing with these programs. You could still wind up with a wonderful used car, but be sure to ask a lot of questions about the program. And you need to know who is behind the program, in case something goes wrong with your vehicle.  [if IE]>$(document).ready(function(){$("#fdb a").css({opacity:.7}).hover(function(){$(this).stop().css({opacity:.7,bottom:'-5px'})},function(){$(this).stop().css({opacity:.7,bottom:'-5px'})})})#fdb {bottom: -38px; right: -39px} #fdb a {bottom: -5px;}