    Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home  Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Arts Leisure Movies Music Sports Toys Home / Entertainment / Arts / Literature More Stuff Like This Watch awe-inspiring shows on TestTube. 10 Tips for Hosting a Fantasy Football Draft Entertainment Puzzles: Electric Guitars How to Find the Value of Old Books by Dave Roos   Page 1 Introduction to How to Find the Value of Rare Books 2 Determining Book Condition 3 Book Appraisers 4 Book Appraisal Associations  This rare 18th century book on botany is on display at the Herbarium library of London's Royal Botanic Gardens. Peter MacDiarmid/ Getty Images Up Next How Poetry Works Are you wise about wands and wizards? Curiosity Project: Why are Braille books so much longer than regular books? Everyone has an Antiques Roadshow fantasy. Maybe a great-aunt passes away and you're asked to sort through her dusty, overstuffed attic. After digging through boxes and boxes of moth-ridden clothes and yellowed newspaper clippings, you come upon a tightly sealed chest. Prying the chest open with a crowbar, you find a row of pristine books with gilded edges and crisp, unopened bindings. You gently pull them from the chest: first editions of The Catcher in the Rye, To Kill a Mockingbird and the complete Lord of the Rings trilogy! All signed by the authors! You've stumbled upon a rare book bonanza worth tens of thousands of dollars -- and that's why they call it a fantasy. But what if you really do find a collection of old, possibly valuable books? How do you know if they're worth anything? Short of waiting for Antiques Roadshow to come to town, you can start by understanding the qualities and attributes of truly rare and valuable books. Just because a book is old doesn't mean that it's automatically valuable. The most basic criterion is scarcity. A book is considered rare -- and therefore more valuable -- when demand exceeds supply [source: RBMS ]. Even if a book is hundreds of years old, it's worthless if there are thousands of copies in circulation (and if nobody particularly wants them). Beyond scarcity, there are several other factors that influence the value of an old book: its physical condition, its importance as a literary work and its story -- where it came from, if it was an inscribed gift from the author or the property of a famous person [source: ABAA ]. First editions generally carry the most value. A first edition is any copy of a book that was printed from the first setting of type [source: ABAA ]. Among serious bibliophiles, several categories of books are considered the rarest and most sought-after texts: A complete first-edition Gutenberg Bible, the first book ever printed in 1456 (estimated worth: $25 to $35 million) Anything printed before 1501 English books printed before 1641 American books printed before 1801 Banned or suppressed works of which few copies survive [sources: Harper and RBMS ] If you think you own a rare and valuable book, start by examining its condition. In the next section, we'll explain how to grade a book from as new to poor and everything in between. Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Roos, Dave. "How to Find the Value of Old Books" 23 March 2010. HowStuffWorks.com. http://www.howstuffworks.com/arts/literature/how-to-find-value-of-old-books.htm 27 August 2013. Cite Feedback Page 1 Introduction to How to Find the Value of Rare Books 2 Determining Book Condition 3 Book Appraisers 4 Book Appraisal Associations 5 Book Appraisal Web Sites 6 Lots More Information  More To Explore  Top Entertainment Articles Which athletes live the longest? Top 10 Most Valuable Records Down! Set! Hut! Football Quiz Top 10 Movies About Time Travel Are you wise about wands and wizards? Watch martial arts videos  You Might Also Like How Cthulhu Works He awaits the time when he will arise from his watery city to wreak havoc. Cthulhu made his first official appearance in the short story "The Call of Cthulhu," written by H.P. Lovecraft in 1926. Read all about the legendary monster known as the Old One. How Poetry Works Chances are you've probably read a poem or two in school, had to memorize a poem at some point, or maybe even wrote a poem yourself. But what exactly is poetry? Popular Articles 10 Most Important Ballet Terms How Graphic Novels Work How Firewalking Works  Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular Top 10 Mad Scientist Fails Would you lose it all if you won the lottery? Top 10 Putting Tips How to Solve a Rubik's Cube Raindrops Game  Most Watched Stuff to Blow Your Kid's Mind Some Assembly Required: How to Build Musical Instruments What's on the inside of a bowling ball? Martial Arts How to Build Pinball Machines without Electrocuting Yourself  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS      STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home  Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit  Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US  1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc   