 University of Washington UW Home Directories Calendar Libraries Maps My UW UW Bothell UW Tacoma  Donate to the Arts College of Arts & Sciences, University of Washington Tickets UW Arts Ticket Office Dance Program School of Drama DX Arts School of Music UW World Series Jones Playhouse Meany Studio Theater Meany Theater Penthouse Theater Studio 201 (Hutchinson Hall) The Burke Museum The Henry Art Gallery The Jacob Lawrence Gallery  The University of Washington hosts a variety of free and ticketed arts events, performances, lectures and exhibitions. To purchase tickets, click on the buy ticket link on any arts calendar event posting or view ticket information by unit in the list on the left.  Calendar ArtsUW Now Happening ArtsUW Coming Soon See what is happening! Maps 3D4M Gallery Arts Ticket Office Brechemin Auditorium Burke Museum Ethnic Cultural Theater Henry Art Gallery Hutchinson Hall Jacob Lawrence Gallery Kane Hall, Walker-Ames Room Meany Hall Jones Playhouse Theater Hughes Penthouse Theater Printable map of UW Arts Venues Campus Arts Collection  Arts events, lectures, performances, and exhibitions happen daily at a variety locations across the UW Seattle campus, which is also host to an extensive outdoor art collection. Come explore the unfamiliar!. Getting Here Getting to Campus Parking Rates 3D4M Gallery Brechemin Auditorium Burke Museum Ethnic Cultural Theater Henry Art Gallery Hutchinson Hall Jacob Lawrence Gallery Kane Hall, Walker-Ames Room Meany Hall Jones Playhouse Theater Hughes Penthouse Theater Getting to UW’s Seattle campus is easy! Walk, bike, take the bus or drive; there are a variety of options to get here. Parking fees at the UW vary depending on the date and time of your visit, but are free after noon on Saturday and all day Sunday. Come experience the unexpected! Who We Are Burke Museum Center for Digital Arts and Experimental Media Dance Program Henry Art Gallery Meany Hall for the Performing Arts Jacob Lawrence Gallery School of Art School of Drama School of Music UW World Series Ethnic Cultural Theatre We are ArtsUW. From museums, to digital and fine art, to stage performances, ArtsUW offers you a world of creative experiences you won’t find anywhere else, all in Seattle’s own backyard. Come see what’s going on.  In the News Connect ArtsUW on FaceBook ArtsUW Twitter ArtsUW on YouTube Sign Up for the Arts Newsletter Become a part of the ArtsUW community! While we hope you visit us in person often, you can still stay up to date with the arts at the University of Washington by connecting with us virtually.  The Arts at the University of Washington are always fresh and exciting. From impromptu student performances to touring shows by the world's foremost artists, you can always find something unexpected to experience on campus. Join us for art, drama, dance, music, and exhibitions right in Seattle’s own back yard. Now Happening Paul Laffoley: Premonitions of the Bauharoque  Henry Art Gallery  Through September 15 More Info | Buy Tickets The Ghosts of Architecture  Henry Art Gallery  July 13 - September 29 More Info | Buy Tickets Exhibit: Meg Hartwig + Stephanie Klausing  A Gallery, 117 Main St, Seattle  Through September 30 More Info | Empowering Women: Artisan Cooperatives that Transform Communities  Burke Museum  Through October 27 More Info | Buy Tickets Sanctum  Henry Art Gallery  Through November 4, 2015 More Info | Ticket Info See all events Now Happening Behind the Curtain In 2013 students and faculty from the University of Washington's College of Arts  Science did everything from discovering new planets and protecting endangered animals to fighting human trafficking with design and winning big awards for their creativity. Coming Soon Burke Museum Trivia Night  Burke Museum  Thursday, September 5 More Info | Ticket Info Lecture: Karen Cheng, Visual Communication Design  Seattle Art Museum  Thursday, September 19 More Info | Free Event Lecture: Kristine Matthews, Visual Communication Design  Henry Art Gallery  Thursday, September 26 More Info | Free Event more Coming Soon events  Interested in a specific date? See what's happening: Choose Your Date: Event Types Dance Exhibitions Music Theater Visual Arts  view our most recent newsletter  Explore ArtsUW TICKETS UW Arts Ticket Office Dance Program School of Drama DX Arts School of Music UW World Series Jones Playhouse Meany Studio Theater Meany Theater Penthouse Theater Studio 201 (Hutchinson Hall) The Burke Museum The Henry Art Gallery The Jacob Lawrence Gallery CALENDAR ArtsUW Now Happening ArtsUW Coming Soon MAPS 3D4M Gallery Arts Ticket Office Brechemin Auditorium Burke Museum Ethnic Cultural Theater Henry Art Gallery Hutchinson Hall Jacob Lawrence Gallery Kane Hall, Walker-Ames Room Meany Hall Jones Playhouse Theater Hughes Penthouse Theater Printable map of UW Arts Venues Campus Arts Collection GETTING HERE Getting to Campus Parking Rates 3D4M Gallery Brechemin Auditorium Burke Museum Ethnic Cultural Theater Henry Art Gallery Hutchinson Hall Jacob Lawrence Gallery Kane Hall, Walker-Ames Room Meany Hall Jones Playhouse Theater Hughes Penthouse Theater WHO WE ARE Burke Museum Center for Digital Arts and Experimental Media Dance Program Henry Art Gallery Meany Hall for the Performing Arts Jacob Lawrence Gallery School of Art School of Drama School of Music UW World Series Ethnic Cultural Theatre Make A Gift In the News Connect Facebook YouTube Twitter m.UW  2011 University of Washington College of Arts & Sciences Seattle, Washington  