  17th - 21st January, 2014 Diggi Palace, Jaipur Jaipur Literature Festival Follow  Home About us Directors Note The Festival Voices Program 2013 Speakers 2013 23 Jan: Cricket Match 24 Jan: Day 1 25 Jan: Day 2 26 Jan: Day 3 27 Jan: Day 4 28 Jan: Day 5 Workshop Music Program Visitors Guide Around Jaipur Volunteer Registration Sponsors Sponsors 2013 DSC Limited Media Press Coverage Press Release JLF Promo Blog Archives Review 2012 Speakers 20 Jan: Day 1 21 Jan: Day 2 22 Jan: Day 3 23 Jan: Day 4 24 Jan: Day 5 Merchandise Store Music Program Review 2011 21 Jan: Day 1 22 Jan: Day 2 23 Jan: Day 3 24 Jan: Day 4 25 Jan: Day 5 Music Workshops Photo Gallery '11 Speakers '11 Review 2010 About the Festival 2010 21 Jan: Day I 22 Jan: Day 2 23 Jan: Day 3 24 Jan: Day 4 25 Jan: Day 5 Music Stage Â10 Guest Book 2010 Photo Gallery '10 Speakers '10 Review 2009 About the festival Â09 21 Jan: Day I 22 Jan: Day 2 23 Jan: Day 3 24 Jan: Day 4 25 Jan: Day 5 Guest Book Â09 Press Coverage Â09 Photo Gallery '09 Speakers '09 Review 2008 Contact The Festival The Directorsof the DSC Jaipur Literature Festivalare William Dalrymple and Namita Gokhale and the festival is produced by Sanjoy K. Roy, Sheuli Sethiand Teamwork Productions. Namita Gokhale Writer, publisher Namita Gokhale is the author of six novels and several works of non-fiction. Her books include Paro, Dreams of Passion, Gods Graves and Grandmothers, The Book of Shadows, Shakuntala, The Book of Shiva, In Search of Sita : Revisiting Mythology and The Mahabharata retold for young readers. Priya a sequel to her first novel Paro was published in 2011 followed by a collection of short stories, The Habit of Love in 2012. A co-director of the Jaipur Literature Festival, Gokhale is also advisor to the Bhutan Literary Festival, The Kathmandu Literary Jatra, The Hay Festival Kerala, and other literary initiatives. Committed to showcasing Indian language writing from across the Indian languages, she is also member-secretary of Indian Literature Abroad (ILA), an initiative to translate and promote contemporary Indian literature internationally. William Dalrymple William Dalrymple is the author of nine books about India and the Islamic world, including City of Djinns (Thomas Cook Travel Book Award and Sunday Times Young British Writer of the Year Prize), White Mughals (Wolfson Prize for History and SAC Scottish Book of the Year Prize), The Last Mughal (Duff Cooper Prize and Crossword/ Vodafone Award for Non-Fiction) and Nine Lives: In Search of the Sacred in Modern India (Asia House Literary Award). He recently curated a major show of Late Mughal art for the Asia Society in New York, Princes and Painters in Mughal Delhi 1707-1857. His new book, Return of a King: The Battle for Afghanistan 1839-42 was published to acclaim in December. He writes regularly for the New Yorker, the New York Review of Books and the Guardian, and is one of the founders and a co-director of the Jaipur Literary Festival. He has honorary doctorates of letters from the universities of St Andrews, Aberdeen, Bradford and Lucknow, and in September took up a visiting fellowship at Princeton. Sanjoy K. Roy Sanjoy Roy and Mohit Satyanand established Teamwork Films in 1989, a highly versatile production house with wide ranging interests in the performing and visual arts, social sector and films and television. He is the Managing Director of Teamwork Films with offices in Hong Kong, Johannesburg, London, New Delhi and Singapore and has directed and produced over 1000 hours of a wide range of films and television shows, including drama series, game shows, news magazines, and lifestyle programmes. He has received the National Award for Excellence and also the IDPA award for Best Documentary and Best Director, for the film Shahjahanabad . In 2008 he designed and directed  A Tribute to Africa , in honour of 15 visiting heads of State and included 250 artistes from 15 African countries. He was invited to direct and design the Closing of the Commonwealth Games Arts Festival 2006  Melbourne and has recently opened a new theatre production Bollywood Love Story  A Musical which has been a blockbuster wherever it has toured. Film co-productions have included documentaries for National Geographic and Discovery Channel, Al Jazeera  English and Doordarshan along with several feature films with Bollywood and International Directors. He is a founder trustee of the Salaam Baalak Trust, working to provide support services for street and working children in the inner city of Delhi, and the Ishara Puppet Theatre Trust. Sheuli Sethi  Executive Producer Sheulis vast experience in marketing and festival organisation includes her inputs for Tol Mol Ke Bol Indias pioneering television game show. The Onida Pinnacle Awards for Excellence in television, the first awards forum for Television practitioners in India in 1995 had Sheuli heading the Festival Secretariat. Sheuli is handling all logistics for the annual celebrated DSC Jaipur Literature Festival.Hay Festival worldwides foray into India saw the launch in 2010 in Kerala under Sheulis able direction.  Teamwork Productions Teamwork is a highly versatile entertainment company, with roots in the performing arts, social action, and the corporate world. Our expertise lies in the area of Entertainment including Television, Filmdocumentary and feature, Creation and Development of Contemporary Performing, Visual Arts  Literary Festivals across the world, and in nurturing new talent across arts forms. We currently produce 17 performing and visual arts festivals in 21 cities across 11 countries including Australia, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, India, Israel, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, UK and USA. Teamwork produces Asias biggest literary gathering the annual DSC Jaipur Literature Festival,  the Hay Festival in Kerala. The annual Mahindra Excellence in Theatre Awards (META) and Festival and the Ishara International Puppet Festival in New Delhi is produced by Teamwork. Our musical extravaganza, Bollywood Love Story - A Musical , continues to tour the world and has had sold out shows in Austria, Germany, Netherlands, South Africa, Spain and Switzerland. The India Africa Forum Summit - Delhi 2008 featured A Tribute to Africa showcasing over 250 artistes from India  Africa in a musical Extravaganza conceived  produced by Teamwork. For the second Africa India Forum Summit 2011 in Ethiopia, an Exhibition on Shared Cultural Heritage on India and Africa was specially produced by Teamwork. With more than 200 events across 18 cities in India and featuring over 250 artists, designers researchers  entrepreneurs, the Bonjour India! Festival, Frances most significant rendezvous with India in 2009/2010 was produced by Teamwork for the Embassy of France - India and we will be producing its second edition from January 2013onwards. Indian Summer in Canada and Eye on India in Chicago, annual performing and visual arts festivals are into their 3rd edition and we launch India by the Nile in Egypt in April 2013. Teamwork is producing the OzAsia, cultural festival for the High Commission of Australia across multiple cities in India Oct 2012 to Jan 2013. For more: www.teamworkfilms.com The DSC Jaipur Literature Festivalwas originally aninitiative of the Jaipur Virasat Foundation, an NGO that works with Rajasthans musicians and craftspeople to preserve skills and promote economic livelihoods while protecting heritage.  Dates: The 2013 DSC Jaipur Literature Festival, Asia-Pacifics largest literary festival, will be for 5 days from 24-28 January.in Jaipur, India. Venue: The DSC Jaipur Literature Festival is held across multiple venues at one festival hub  Diggi Palace. Address: Diggi House, Sawai Ram Singh Road, Jaipur  302004, Rajasthan (India) Festival Venue: Diggi House, Sawai Ram Singh Road, Jaipur, Rajasthan (India) Music Stage Venue: Hotel Clarks Amer, Jawaharlal Nehru Marg, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India Entry Free Produced by Affiliates Pre Order Author Books Now  Copyright 2011 Teamwork Films Diggi House Shivaji Marg C-Scheme Rajastan, India www.hoteldiggipalace.com webworks by webcontxt Site Map Home About JLF Festival Team Archives Speakers Schedule Music Workshop Festival Venues Where to stay Around Jaipur Registration Sponsors DSC Limited Press Contact Us 