 cityofboston.gov - Official Web Site of the City of Boston - Thomas M. Menino, Mayor Text size: A A A Home Online Services Residents Businesses Visitors Students Government Arts, Tourism & Special Events The Mayor's Office of Arts, Tourism & Special Events fosters the growth of the cultural community; promotes public participation in the arts and public celebrations; and advances cultural tourism in Boston. 2013 Boston Arts Festival Since 2003, Mayor Menino has presented the Boston Ahts Festival at the North End's beautiful Christopher Columbus Park. This year's event is 8/31-9/1 from 12 - 8PM daily with unique artisanware to see and purchase along with great musical entertainment to enjoy throughout the day. 2013 Ahts Festival Event Flyer  2013 Waterfront Performing Arts Series Join us at Christopher Columbus Park for this year's Performing Arts Series on Tuesdays in August. There will be performances by Amy Kucharik and Friends, Boston Opera Collaborative, Bird Courage, Streets of Laredo, Exiles Modern Rock & Soul, Boston Bhangra and Bollywood Dance, Berklee College of Music featuring Julia Easterlin, and Matt Halpin's Earwax Control. Events are August 6, 13, 20, and 27. Series Event Schedule  Restaurant Week 2013 Boston Summer Restaurant Week 2013 will be August 18-23 and August 25-30. Participating restaurants will be offering their prix fixe menus for lunch and/or dinner: 2-course lunch for $15.13, a 3-course lunch for $20.13, and 3-course dinner for $38.13. More Information  Arts on the Arcade 2013 - New Location at Samuel Adams Park Arts on the Arcade provides summer entertainment at the community arcade Fridays July 12 - August 30 from 12-7PM. Each week there are talented visual and craft artists exhibiting and selling their work and special musical performances by new artists each week. Arts on the Arcade  Arts on the Arcade 2013 Schedule  @SUMMERBOSTON 2013 Summer Guide  Your resource for summer events in Boston is here. Events and activities ranging from concerts and festivals to art walks and historic tours will occur throughout the summer months in Boston's neighborhoods and Harbor Islands, and you can find them all in our guide.       Summer Guide 2013  More Information  Call to Artists  The Mayor's Office of Arts, Tourism, and Special Events sponsors a variety of programs that encourage local artist participation. Learn more about participating in the Boston Arts Festival, Arts on the Arcade, showing in the City Hall galleries, and more.    More Info on Calls to Artists  Explore Boston's Public Art Search the city's art collection, watch artist videos, access a map of public art installations across the city and more!    www.PublicArtBoston.com  Mayor Menino Unveils Public Art Walk  Boston Mayor Thomas M. Menino unveiled the first edition of a new program - Public Art Walks. The Mayor’s Office of Arts, Tourism & Special Events, together with the Boston Art Commission, have developed the Art Walks, featuring both historic and contemporary art installations throughout the neighborhoods of Boston.    More Info  Forms, Permits & Applications New! Public Event Application Online Form Book the Strand Theatre Apply to Have Your Artwork Displayed at City Hall Permit to Film in Boston Browne Fund Application Publications Sign Up for the Arts E-Newsletter  Arts, Tourism & Special Events Home Visual Arts Performing Arts Parades Feasts & Festivals Walks & Races Film Bureau Boston Cultural Council Marketing Initiatives Poet Laureate Strand Theatre Public Art Boston Contact Us Arts, Tourism & Special Events City Hall Hours & Directions Mayor's 24 Hour Constituent Service City Departments Select a Department Administration and Finance Animal Control Archives and Records Arts, Tourism & Special Events Assessing Auditing Bikes Board of Appeals Boston Centers for Youth & Families Boston Housing Authority Boston Residents Jobs Policy BRA / EDIC Budget Management Cable Office City Clerk City Council Civil Rights Consumer Affairs & Licensing Disabilities Commission Elderly Affairs Election Department Emergency Medical Services Emergency Management Emergency Shelter Commission Environment Environmental & Energy Services Family Justice Center Fire Food Initiatives Host Community Advisory Committee Human Resources Human Services Innovation & Technology Inspectional Services Intergovernmental Relations Jobs & Community Services Labor Relations Landmarks Commission Law Department Library Licensing Board Mayor's Office Neighborhood Development Neighborhood Services New Bostonians Parking Clerk Parks & Recreation Police Property & Construction Management Public Health Public Works Purchasing Registry Division Retirement Board Schools Small & Local Business Enterprise Transportation Treasury Veterans' Services Women's Commission Worker's Compensation Youth Council Youth Fund Search: Calendar  See a listing of upcoming Arts events. Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba View Calendar  News  Press Releases  Boston Sculptor Jacob Kulin Chosen for Symphony Park Artwork Mayor Menino and Summer on the Waterfront Announce Boston Harbor Fireworks Mayors Office of Arts, Tourism & Special Events Presents Claire Elliot Social Media  Become a fan of the Boston Art Festival. Like ahts  Follow Arts in Boston on Twitter. See Arts Tweets  View the MOATSE photostream on Flickr. View Photos  Videos  Multimedia  Ceremonial Street Naming for Muhammad Ali-Salaam In April of 2011, Muhammad Ali-Salaam retired from the Boston Redevelopment Authority as Deputy Director of Special Projects. In honor of Mr. Salaam and his commitment to the City of Boston and its residents, Elmore Street is named Muhammad Ali Square. The street is located between Roxbury Community College and the ISBCC Mosque. TMM is honored with a gift from the executive director of the Mosque, Yusufi Vali. Watch Video  Celebration for Nelson Mandela Mayor Menino and Governor Patrick celebrate the legacy of Nelson Mandela in a ceremony commemorating the former South African Presidents 95th birthday. Watch Video  Related Links ArtsBoston.org CreateBoston.com ArtistLink.org TheFreedomTrail.org Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau Massachusetts Office of Travel & Tourism Walk to the Sea Contact Info Email Alert Trouble Opening Files Privacy & Security  2013 City of Boston. All rights reserved.  