 Home CarAuto Consumer Investment Internet Telemarketing Taxes Lemon Laws Report Fraud Tip of the Day You are at: Home Car  Auto Scams Car Repair Scams Car Repair Scams Auto repair complaints make up the largest group of consumer grievances. Many of these involve car repair scams. Auto repair problems make up the largest group of consumer complaints. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimates that consumers lose tens of billions of dollars each year due to faulty or unnecessary car repairs. While most repair shops are honest, undercover car repair stings find dishonest auto mechanics and shops in most areas of the country. It's very easy for an unethical mechanic to convince car owners that unnecessary repairs are needed because the average person doesn't know much about their cars. People often have no idea they've been ripped off. This makes proving auto repair fraud difficult. Even those that suspect they've been scammed don't know what to do in order to make their case. Below are some of the most common auto repair scams. Keep these in mind the next time you need to have your car worked on. We finish with a list of tips that can reduce your chance of falling prey to a dishonest car mechanic or repair shop. Highway Bandits This is one of the oldest auto repair scams in existence. These "Highway bandits" own, or work for service stations. They prey on motorists who stop for gasoline or air or water. There are numerous ploys they attempt to separate the unsuspecting motorist from their money. They've been known to spray oil or drip it under a vehicle then claim that it leaked from the traveler's car. They've punctured tires, cut water hoses, and fan belts so that the motorist will have to buy new ones. These bandits focus on the danger the traveler faces if they drive off without making the repairs and often charge inflated prices. Repair Estimate Scams Consumers who don't get written repair estimates can suffer the consequences when they pick up their cars. This problem occurs when a shop provides a very reasonable quote when the car is dropped off, but at the end of the day, the consumer finds that the shop has raised the final bill considerably from the verbal quote. This may seem to be perfectly legal; since many mechanics find additional problems with a vehicle once work begins. Shop owners and mechanics have been known to leave the estimated amounts blank when they ask customers to sign repair authorizations. Later on they fill in an inflated amount or descriptions of problems after the consumer leaves the premises. Maintenance Hook Schemes Repair shops will advertise check-ups or preventive maintenance service at very reasonable rates. Unethical shops will use these maintenance specials to "hook" and deceive their customers. A simple oil change and lubrication process can turn into expensive and unneeded repairs. Some mechanics will even cause damage during an inspection to enhance their income by "discovering" new car repair needs. Intentional misrepresentation of repair needs Modern automobiles are complex, highly technical machines. The average person has no idea how to repair or maintain their own vehicle. It's very easy for an unethical auto shop or mechanic to deceive the average consumer. This makes it very hard for the vehicle owner to make decisions on whether the repair is needed. Beware the mechanic who seems a little too pat at explaining the particular problem with your car and always consider a second opinion and definitely get an estimate of costs before authorizing the repairs. Part replacement problems A lot dishonest mechanics have charged customers for parts that weren't used. In addition, the mechanic will charge you for the labor required to install the non-existent replacement. It's a double rip-off! The old used part switcheroo is another common cart part related scam. Used parts are a viable option for many repairs, however, some mechanics charge customers for new, premium parts after installing sub-standard or used car parts. Always ask for your old, damaged part back after it's been replaced. It helps keep your mechanic honest. Counterfeit Car Parts To save money, some unscrupulous repair shop owners cut costs by using counterfeit car parts instead of high-quality replacement parts. The difference in price can be significant but you won't see any of the savings. You'll be billed the full price for the parts and won't be told. This practice can actually put you in danger because counterfeit auto parts are often of inferior quality. This can put you and your family at risk and you may never even know it. Besides being potentially unsafe, counterfeit parts generally wear out sooner than genuine parts. Detecting counterfeit auto parts is difficult because the counterfeiters often duplicate trademarks or alter them so slightly that it takes an experienced eye to notice the difference. If you suspect that counterfeit car parts have been used in place of quality materials don't hesitate to file a report with your state's attorney general or local Better Business Bureau. Bait and Switch Repair Scams Many auto scams begin with an advertised price on a specific repair job that seems almost too good to be true. Once they have your car in the shop, they find other items that need repair as a way to expand the work order and inflate your invoice. For instance, imagine you might see an advertisement for a great deal on a tune-up. So you take your car to the repair shop to take advantage of the special. Once there you're told, "You need this, this and this." This is very similar to a bait and switch scam. The only difference here is that you'll probably receive the great deal on the tune-up. You could also pay $500 for repairs you hadn't anticipated or thought you needed. A $699 car repair job can mushroom to almost $2,000 so fast it isn't funny. Your mechanic will find so many things wrong with your vehicle that you'd think it's beyond repair. This would be a great time to get a second opinion before authorizing repairs. A few repair businesses charge customers for parts that don't even end up in your car. Other repair businesses complete the work but it's so shoddy, the customer has to bring the car back two or three times. To add to the insult you'll be asked to pay each time you bring your car back due to the repair shop's negligence. If you believe you've been a victim of an auto repair rip-off, notify your state attorney general's office, local consumer protection agency and file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. Don't let it go. Collect all of the paperwork, receipts, work orders, written estimates and warranty information that you have from the repair shop you suspect of wrongdoing. The more evidence you have, the stronger your case will be. Precautions to take when getting your car repaired Ask for a written estimate before you authorize repairs. - Most states require a repair shop to give a written estimate when that estimate exceeds $100 and must contact you before exceeding the estimate by $10 or 10% whichever is greater. Ask if repairs are guaranteed. - While you are at it get all guarantees in writing and insist on a shop honors its guarantees. Perform a background check on the repair shop. - Check out a repair shop's history with the Better Business Bureau and make sure they are registered with the state before you take your car there. Your state government has records of car repair shops that have had complaints filed against them. Don't get conned into paying for unnecesary repairs. - Don't tell a repair shop what repairs to make unless you are absolutely sure you need the repairs. Get several estimates from different shops. - You may have to pay for the estimates but you could save yourself hundreds of dollars by shopping around for the best deal. Look for a car repair shop with certified auto mechanics before you need one. - This way you aren't in a hurry and you can take the time to find an honest repair shop. You can save money by asking for used parts. - But make sure to ask for your replaced parts (at least to see the parts). Be certain the repair shop honors any existing warranty on your car. - If not, you may be paying for parts or labor covered by your manufacturers or extended warranty. Is the repair shop unprofessional or messy? - Good repair shops are usually clean and organized and their staff behaves in a cordial and professional manner. Honest repair shops won't pressure you into making repairs and will answer any questions you may have and any requests for written estimates are cheerfully provided. More Car Repair Scam Information Get an estimate for car repair costs Keep a Vehicle Repair Log How to find a good auto repair shop or mechanic RepairPal.com - Get an estimate of what car repairs should cost Sharing is Caring: Tweet  .. Home | Car  Auto | Consumer | Investment | Internet | Telemarketing | Taxes Report Fraud | Lemon Laws | Tip of the Day | Disclaimer | Privacy | Site Map | Contact Us  Fraudguides.com. All Rights Reserved. This site is protected under both U.S. Federal copyright law and international treaties. No part of this site, including text, layout or images, may be reproduced or copied in any form or by any method. 