 Local Columbus, OH Search Columbus, OH 2013 Ohio State Fair To Do Filed In: Arts and Entertainment Summer Arts and Entertainment in Columbus Ohio Columbus summers burst with great arts programs and other entertainment. You'll find info on Actors' Theatre, Picnic with the Pops, the CAPA movie series and other longtime summer community favorites here. Horror Film Festival in Columbus - August Schedule Love a good scare? So does the Gateway Theater and they play host to the only weekly horror film festival in the country. Check out the selection of August films at"Nightmares on High Street." 2013 Ohio Idol Ohio Idol is atatewide singing competition for Ohio residents 12 years of age or older. June 9, 2013 kicks off the live auditions. Free June Events and Activities for Columbus Area Residents Royal Shakespearean Company stops in for a Columbus visit and it's free! Also free the month of June - movies, concerts, yoga, baseball games and more! Central Ohio Summer Festivals Summer festivals are a Columbus, Ohio staple. Here we celebrate diverse cultures - Hispanic, African American, Serbian, Asian, etc.; diverse music - Jazz, blues, alternative; and diverse foods - ribs, strawberries, tomatoes and anything that can be put on a stick or fried. CAPA Summer Movie Series The full 2012 CAPA Summer Movie Series featuring movies of every genre: chick flick Bridget Jones' Diary, classic Saturday Morning cartoons, sci-fi action film The Matrix and classic films The Sound of Music, Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo and To Kill a Mockingbird. Columbus Symphony Picnic with the Pops The 2011 Picnic with the Pops schedule with the Columbus Symphony. Gateway Film Center Spotlight Series Gateway Film Center Spotlight Series focuses on hard-to-get and classic films for every genre of movie goer. Columbus Documentary Week Line-Up Get ready to see thought-provoking, award-winning documentaries during Columbus' Documentary Week at the Gateway Theater. 2009 Free Summer Concerts in Columbus No matter your musical preference, free tunes are in the air this summer. Budget woes have cut the Columbus Parks and Rec. music programs, but other Central Ohio communities are picking up the slack with plenty of free concerts. So, bring the lawn chairs, blankets, bug repellant and grab yourself a free music break. 9 Free Things to Do This Summer Budgets are tight and we're all cutting back our spending. But that doesn't mean we have to cut back our fun. Columbus' free summer theater, movies and music are just waiting for audiences. Here are nine freebies that I like. Send me your list. Double Barrel - June 2013 Grab your beans, and saddle up! Gateway Film Center has brought back its summer western film series, Double Barrel. Double Barrel features a different film each week with shows every Saturday, Sunday, and Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. Double Barrel - July 2013 Grab your beans, and saddle up! Gateway Film Center has brought back its summer western film series, Double Barrel. Double Barrel features a different film each week with shows every Saturday, Sunday, and Wednesday at 2:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. Check out the July listing. 2009 Columbus Arts Festival On June 5-7, the 48-year old Columbus Arts Festival will fill the Discovery District with art, music, food, and hands-on activities. Over 250 nationally acclaimed artists will show their work in this years juried art show. Festival admission is free. Actors' Theatre in Columbus, Ohio Free theater under the stars! This summer, Actors' Theatre is producing The Three Musketeers , The Tempest and As you Like It . Pack a picnic, grab a blanket and head for Schiller Park in German Village. Free Columbus, OH Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Columbus, OH Must Reads Family Day: Ohio State Fair Kids Free 5 Things You Must Do: Ohio State Fair Ohio State Fair Discount Tickets & Days Kids: Book to Film Series July 15 Places for Kids in Central Ohio Most Popular 15 Places for Kids in Central Ohio Labor Day Events and Activities In Columbus Ohio 5 Free Things to Do in Columbus Labor Day Weekend in Columbus 7 Outdoor Romantic Places in Columbus Free Columbus, OH Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Places to go on a Date Holiday Events Fall Activities Arts and Entertainment Events and Festivals Sports & Recreation Food and Drink Landmarks and Attractions Hobbies and Interests For Families Shopping and Services Civic and Community Life Neighborhoods and Suburbs Schools and Libraries Getting Around Columbus, OH About.com Local Columbus, OH Arts and Entertainment Summer Arts - Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 