 South Africa Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Blogs You are here: Home > Transport in South Africa > Vehicle Ownership > Buying a Used Car Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Temporary Importation Import Requirements Duties  Taxes Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Registration  Licencing Public Transport Air Travel Useful Contacts Show Worldwide AngloINFO Home Argentina Australia Azerbaijan Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Costa Rica Cyprus Denmark Dubai France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Malaysia Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Panama Portugal Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Inside South Africa Maps Emergency Numbers South Africa News Weather Public Holidays Foreign Exchange Translate Online Essentials  Currency Converter Currency from: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Australian Dollar Brazilian Real Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Currency to: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Brazilian Real Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso  Buying a Used Car Information on buying a used car in South Africa, with details on the documents required and the registration procedure... Buying a used car from a dealer New and used cars can be bought from a dealer. This is probably the safest way to buy a used car as both dealers and buyers are protected by the law. For example, the law states that dealers must ensure that the car is of satisfactory quality and that the vehicle should be as described. It is recommended that buyers choose an established dealer with a good reputation. It is a good indication that a dealer follows a strict code of practice if they display the trade association sign. To find out which dealers subscribe to this code, contact either The Retail Motor Industry Organisation of Africa (RMI)  or The Independent Dealer Association (IDA). Dealers who are inspected by the AA are also reputable. Buying used cars privately Buying a car privately can be more risky but prices are generally lower. There are, however, few legal rights when buying privately as many cars are sold 'as is' which means there is no legal comeback once the vehicle is driven away. It is recommended that certain checks are made when buying a vehicle privately, for example, checking the service history. Used cars for sale are advertised in local papers and online on websites such as Autotrader . Buying used cars from an auction When buying a used car from an auction it is recommended that the vehicle is checked in daylight and taken for a test drive. It is advised to be wary of vehicles made out of parts of two damaged vehicles which have been welded together. This is known as "Code 3", and these vehicles are not fit to be driven on the roads. It is also advisable to be wary of buying stolen vehicles from auction. If a vehicle is found to be stolen it will be returned to its rightful owner, even if it was purchased in good faith. The buyer has no legal rights and is still liable for the cost of the vehicle. The registration documents and proof of identity of the seller should be checked carefully therefore, to make sure that the details on these two documents match. For more information about buying from an auction: Click here Registering a used vehicle To register a used vehicle it is necessary to go to the nearest vehicle registration authority with the following documents: ID (such as a passport or identity card) The vehicle registration certificate in the seller's name A roadworthy certificate, if the current registration certificate is older than six months Proof of purchase A valid motor vehicle licence The completed application form for registering and licencing a motor vehicle (RLV) Fee As with new vehicles, the fee for registering a used vehicle depends on the province in which it is registered. For more details about registration fees: Click here For information on registering a vehicle from South Africa Government Services: Click here  Buying a New Car Registration  Licencing  Related Information Driving Types of Roads Parking Penalties Drinking and Driving Accidents  Injuries Driving Licences Foreign Driving Licences South African Licences Renewing a Licence Vehicle Ownership Temporary Importation Import Requirements Duties  Taxes Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Registration  Licencing Public Transport Bus  Coach Train Travel Air Travel Airport Hand Baggage Useful Contacts Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... If you believe any of the information on this page is incorrect or out-of-date, please let us know. AngloINFO makes every effort to ensure its INFOrmation Pages are as comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date as possible, but we're also grateful for any help! (If you want to contact AngloINFO for any other reason, please follow the instructions on this website's contact page .) Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Your IP address: LOGGED (10.58.74.49) Your suggestion: *  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Contact , Cookies . AngloINFO | Everyday life in South Africa, in English Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! X Welcome to AngloINFO South Africa Everything you need for life in South Africa - local information you can trust We have local franchise opportunities in South Africa and around the world Do you dream of having your own, profitable, easy-to-operate business? AngloINFO might be the solution! Now in its thirteenth year of business, AngloINFO is the world's leading network of expat information websites - with over three million monthly visitors from around the world. We have an established network of 81 local websites in 37 countries with many more in development. Our 54 local franchisees are the key to our success and come from a huge range of backgrounds, ages and nationalities. The common factor is a passion for success. Find out more... Close Window 