 Browsers that can not handle javascript will not be able to access some features of this site. Skip Navigation Michigan.govHome SOS Home | Site Map | FAQs | Online Services | Forms | Contact SOS About the Secretary of State's Office  The Secretary of State  Branch Offices  Online Services  Contact SOS  Employment Information  Publications and Forms  News Center Driver License and State ID Owning a Vehicle New Michigan Resident Elections in Michigan Automotive Related Businesses Other Business Services Organ Donation Notary and Document Certification close print view print friendly email this page Make car buying, selling a smooth ride MAY 12, 2008 Secretary of State Terri Lynn Land today encouraged vehicle buyers and sellers to understand their rights and responsibilities before making a deal, and urged them to visit her agency's Web site for helpful information. "With spring weather now offering an excellent opportunity to get out and look at new models, buyers should keep some tips in mind when making such a large financial decision," Land said. "The key to buying a great new or used car is having good information. Knowing what to look for and what state law requires makes for a smooth ride for both buyer and seller." The Department of State licenses and regulates auto dealers and repair shops. It also informs consumers of their rights and investigates related complaints. Its Web site at www.Michigan.gov/sos has several brochures that offer tips for buying or leasing vehicles, as well as doing business with an established dealer or a private individual. Before buying a used vehicle the department recommends: Test driving it and having it inspected by a mechanic. Making sure that it has a title. A vehicle cannot be registered without one. Don't agree to the sale if a title cannot be produced or there are discrepancies. Also be certain that the owner named on the front of the title is the same person signing it. If there is more than one owner or buyer, all parties must sign the title. Matching the vehicle identification number (VIN) on the title with the number on the dashboard. Checking the odometer's mileage accuracy. Under state and federal law, the mileage for most vehicles must be provided when ownership transfers. Vehicles that are 10 or more years old are exempt. When doing business with an auto dealer, it's wise to ask questions and read all documents before signing. It's also important to note that there is no "cooling off" period. Some consumers mistakenly believe they can return a vehicle within a certain number of days after a contract is signed. Remember that a vehicle being sold "as is" means just that. In fact, most used vehicles are not under warranty for any period of time. There also is no such thing as a spoken agreement for a warranty. Get any guarantees in writing, including promises of repairs to be made prior to the vehicle's sale. Keep in mind that Michigan's "Lemon Law" for defective vehicles only pertains to new vehicles. Used vehicles are not covered. "Buying a car should be a positive experience," Land said. "Most auto dealers are professionals who take pride in serving their customers, but consumers still should fully understand what type of vehicle they're getting as well as the details of the warranty and loan agreement." If consumers do have a complaint, they should first try working it out with the dealership owner or manager. If the problem isn't resolved, contact the Department of State's Bureau of Regulatory Services at (1-888) SOS-MICH (767-6424). An automotive complaint form also is available online. The bureau investigates issues within its authority. Related Link  Vehicles FAQ  Titling and Registering a vehicle  Buying a Vehicle from a Dealership Michigan.gov Home | SOS Home | FAQ | Online Services | Forms | Contact SOS | Office of Regulatory Reinvention | State Web Sites | Spending  Accountability Privacy Policy | Link Policy | Accessibility Policy | Security Policy | Michigan News | Michigan.gov Survey Copyright  2001-2013 State of Michigan 