 Skip to Main Content About Emerson Academics Student Life Admission News  Events Athletics Emerson Live  Facts  Figures  Administration Notices  Disclosures History Notable Alumni Diversity Tuition  Financial Aid Academic Calendar Research  Scholarship Campuses  Facilities  Boston  Cutler Majestic Theatre The Paramount Center Huret  Spector Gallery The Robbins Speech, Language  Hearing Center Kasteel Well, Netherlands Los Angeles Visit Emerson  Directions/Parking Campus Map About Boston Schedule a Visit/Campus Tour Contact Emerson  Find out more information directly. Contact Admission  Undergraduate admission@emerson.edu 617-824-8600 Graduate gradapp@emerson.edu 617-824-8610 Undergraduate Degrees  Majors  Minors Graduate Degrees  M.A., M.F.A.,  M.S. Degrees Professional Studies  Programs, courses, and workshops for professionals Courses  Current course catalogues. Departments  Communication Sciences  Disorders Communication Studies Journalism Marketing Communication Performing Arts Visual  Media Arts Writing, Literature  Publishing Liberal Arts  Interdisciplinary Studies International Study  External Programs  Beijing Global Marketing Seminar Berklee Valencia Program China Exchange Program Kasteel Well, the Netherlands Los Angeles Program Non-Affiliated Study Abroad Options Prague Summer Film Program Washington D.C. Program Library  Catalogs, databases, and services. Academic Services  Academic support services. Academic Calendar  Calendar for the current academic year. Academic Affairs  Policies, plans, and faculty information. Life in Boston  Attractions Entertainment Good Eats Housing  Dining  New Residents Current Residents Residence Halls Learning Communities Dining Services Off-Campus Student Services Activities  Organizations  Join one of the many clubs and organizations on campus. Support Services  A list of undergraduate and graduate student support services. Athletics  Fitness  Emerson offers competitive sports and recreational fitness programs. Careers  Internships  Career services, internships, and networking opportunities. Health  Safety  Your guide to Emersons health, wellness, and safety services. Professional Studies  The department offers a diverse and constantly evolving selection of continuing education courses, workshops, and certificate programs. Financial Aid  Student Financial Services is dedicated to helping parents and students understand and meet the costs associated with an Emerson education. Undergraduate Admission  Learn Visit Apply Tuition  Financial Aid Accepted Students Contact Us Graduate Admission  Learn Visit Apply Tuition  Expenses Financial Support Accepted Students Contact Us  Emerson Newsroom Emerson College Today  The latest campus news. Emerson in the News  Press coverage of Emerson faculty, staff, alumni, and students. Social Media Directory  Interact and connect with the Emerson community. Featured Events  View the event calendar  ArtsEmerson  Venues Cutler Majestic Theatre The Paramount Center Campus Media  WERS-FM Ploughshares Expression Magazine Student Media  Productions For the Media  Media Contacts Press Releases Faculty Experts Emerson Facts Search Google Appliance Search Students Faculty  Staff Parents Alumni Home / Academics / Departments / Writing, Literature  Publishing  Writing, Literature  Publishing In the Department of Writing, Literature and Publishing, the symbiotic relationship between writing, publishing, and the study of literature becomes a shared experience of finding one’s voice, refining one’s talent, and gaining the skills and knowledge needed to succeed in today’s evolving literary landscape. A student in the Magazine Design and Production course displays her work. If you are passionate about developing your craft as a writer and your knowledge of literature and the world of publishing, our department is your introduction to a rewarding career. We are focused on your individual voice and your particular talent. Our faculty includes award-winning authors, poets, and scholars—as well as successful publishing industry professionals—who are dedicated to helping students create publishable works of fiction, nonfiction, or poetry, and gain the skills needed to pursue a career in the book, magazine, or electronic publishing industry. Nearly 100 books bearing the names of our alumni have been published to date. With a nationally ranked MFA program in creative writing , opportunities to contribute to the award-winning literary journal Ploughshares , and one of the nation’s only graduate-level publishing programs , Emerson gives committed writers and aspiring publishers a deep practical and theoretical knowledge of the writer’s art, literary history, and the workings of the publishing industry—the tools and training needed for a life devoted to literary pursuits.   WLP Associate Professor Jabari Asim explains how Emerson's program combines academic study with creative work. WLP Dept. News WLP students, faculty, and alumni bring creativity and unparalleled passion to the study and craft of writing, literature, and publishing. Read More E-publisher-in-Residence John Rodzvilla talks about publishing as a unique aspect of Emerson College's Publishing and Writing graduate program. Watch now »  Menu Writing, Literature & Publishing Undergraduate Programs Graduate Degrees First-Year Writing Program Faculty Courses Literary Journals Alumni Profiles Careers  Internships Department News Reading Series Videos Contact Us Undergraduate Admission Regular Decision Deadline is January 5 Apply now Get started Apply to Emerson Apply to a graduate program at Emerson Find Emerson On... Headlines Move-In 2013:  Its move-in time...  Several campus offices move In the News Wornick retirement featured in Globe Events Orientation  Athletics Support Emerson Work at Emerson Offices  Departments Copyright Privacy Policy 2013 NEASC Reaccreditation Directory Site Map Contact Us  2013 Emerson College All Rights Reserved 120 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02116-4624 617.824.8500 