 Skip to Local Navigation | Skip to Content Future Students Current Students Faculty  Staff Visitors  Friends Quick Links Academic Calendar Admissions Bookstore Business Office Campuses Calendars Catalog Class Schedule Continuing Education Degree  Career Programs Departments Economic Development Employment Financial Aid Services International Libraries Online Courses Phone Directory Records/Transcripts Security/Parking Support Valencia Events  go  Home Arts and Entertainment Music   Home Art Studio/Fine Art Home Faculty Links FAQ Anita S. Wooten East Campus Gallery Contact Us Camps Home Dance Home Degree In Dance Non-Majors Program Events and Tickets Auditions Performance Schedule VSDI - Summer Dance Institute Faculty FAQ Contact Us Digital Media Home Faculty & Staff Student Work Links Lab FAQ Contact Entertainment Design & Technology Home Faculty & Staff Links FAQ Contact Film Technology Home Contact Graphics Technology Home Degrees Lab Faculty & Staff Student Work FAQ Resources Music Home Faculty Voices of Valencia Contact Us Music & Sound Technology Home Theater Home Theatre Schedule Ticket Information Faculty Contact Anita S. Wooten Gallery Home Online Gallery Performing Arts Center Start Your Musical Training At Valencia Because learning to sing or play music is all about being immersed in a creative community while being guided by great teachers , Valencia is proud to introduce you to its two-year music program. Since 1975, the music program has been dedicated to the idea of inspiring future performers by providing students with musically trained faculty and an expanding array of resources and experiences to enrich, stimulate and develop your gifts in and outside the classroom. Why Major in Music at Valencia? Valencia's Music Program leads to an Associate in Arts degree By studying at Valencia, you'll master the fundamentals of performance and build on your career opportunities by weekly participation in one of a dozen ensembles. Students at Valencia get more opportunities for solo work and conducting than at many four-year schools where upperclassmen often get primary roles. Take advantage of music-specific scholarships and other financial aid, along with tuition that's almost half the cost of a state university. Enjoy the resources of Valencia's East Campus fine arts center, including instrumental and choir rehearsal halls, a library/listening, a MIDI/electronic piano lab and a 550-seat performance hall. By building your repertoire and improving your craft, you will gain an edge when you apply for transfer to a four-year music school. Our graduates can be found in many outstanding American music schools including Berkeley, New World School of the Arts, Stetson, FSU, UF and USF. Others now perform with leading symphony orchestras. Still others went on to have major recording careers. Three famous pop groups have members who received their training in Valencia's Music Department: Howie Dorough of the Backstreet Boys Chris Kirkpatrick of 'N Sync David Perez, Brody Martinez and Raul Molina of C Note   There are no events this week.  Have you seen our season ticket packages? Enjoy our plays, musical, and dance concerts at a 35% discount!... http://t.co/qxrZlTLU The drawing for the set of "Urinetown: The Musical"! Design by faculty Gregory Loftus! New shapes, techniques,... http://t.co/f0PI42Uv Welcome to October everyone! Our CENTRAL FLORIDA WEEKEND CHOICES and PICKS for Thursday October 4th– Wednesday... http://t.co/sutv7tcX WEEKEND CHOICES and PICKS for Thursday September 27th – Wednesday October 3rd (and beyond)! (Now no one can say... http://t.co/G1S46Y0g "Oleanna" has a wonderful writeup from James Tutten! Make sure to catch this heated play for FREE beginning tomorrow! http://t.co/loSuL4NB  Get Social LinkedIn Google+ Vimeo YouTube Safety FourSquare Twitter Flickr Facebook     Valencia Mobile Who Current Students Faculty & Staff Future Students Visitors & Friends What Admissions Continuing Ed Degrees Departments Economic Development Financial Aid News Policy Manual Programs  Where Academic Calendar Class Schedule Libraries Locations Phone Directory Valencia Events  How Contact Employment Records Search Support Transcripts   PRIVACY  |   CONSUMER INFORMATION  |   SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER USAGE  |  Copyright © 2013 Valencia College |  P.O. BOX 3028 - Orlando, Florida 32802 - 407-299-5000 Valencia College provides equal opportunity for educational opportunities and employment to all. Contact the Office of Human Resources and Diversity for information.   