  log in sign up today! Stay logged in? Forgot username or password ?  entertainment news celeb stuff movies tv shows cartoons music videos more articles games games news game reviews cheats & walkthroughs downloads trading cards play games videos more articles advice health style dear dish-it careers & jobs videos more articles sports pro sports quiz the coach action sports trivia sports gear videos more articles school homework help travel art books holidays our planet videos more articles contests Latest Contests GETAWAY Movie Prize Pack Giveaway! Coca-Cola: Ahh Effect iPad Mini Giveaway! Epic Blu-ray Giveaway! quizzes Latest Quizzes Quiz! Autumn Trivia! Quiz! What's Your Back to School Style Quiz! English Grammar chat chat is open! get chattin' forums Random Entertainment Games Music Dear Dish-It Animals Sports Roleplay Central Politics and Religion Kidzworld Help rewards How Rewards Works My Rewards Profile Rewards Center Leaderboard KW Quests kw zone design a profile upload pics join groups write a blog take a poll Today's Entertainment News Headlines Read about breaking entertainment news and headlines right here on Kidzworld. Celebrity gossip, music, movies, TV shows and more. Taylor Swift Fans Hate Tank  Taylor Swift fans won't take anyone shaming their Queen! The Bad Kids Clothing tank features 10 of Taylor's exes Taylor Swift fans, known as "Swifties", have taken to message boards and writing strongly worded letters of complaint to a clothing company that is printing a tank top with all the last names of Taylor's alleged exes (we say alleged since many of them are uncomfirmed romances.) Online retailer Bad Kids Clothing was inspired to make the tank tops when they created one custom version for a friend and posted it to instagram, and were floored by the popularity of it. However the Swifties were swift in their response, feeling that the shirt was not only unfair to Taylor, but untrue! This isn't the first time they've tried to put a stop to T's that comment on Taylor's romantic life, Abercrombie  Fitch used to make a shirt that said "More BFs than T.S." that her fans got involved with stopping. read more : Love is in the Stars: Taylor Swift Relationship Timeline   who's online now? cowgirl145 brunostar lulmike BabyChicks143 kelceemarie NeraDaBest see more > kids' quizzes Quiz! What Kind of GF Are You? Your cell phone rings during an important discussion with your BF. What do you do? Let your voice mail pick it up. Apologize profusely and turn it off immediately. Answer it and quickly tell whoever it is you'll call them back. Answer it and get into a long conversation with your friend about the latest gossip. Your BF can wait a minute. see more quizzes > latest videos  more videos > More Great Stuff: Explore KW, Earn Coins, Get Free Stuff Secrets of Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Super Buddies Movie on Blu-ray Combo Pack The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones Movie Review You Are Here Home Entertainment About Kidzworld Who We Are Contact Us Sitemap Help Feedback FAQ Archives For Kids Send E-cards Send Gifts Connect With Us! RSS Feed Kidzworld's Blog Link to Us Safety Privacy Site Safety Parent  Teachers Resources Kidzworld International Espanol Like Us Tweet Us Watch Us Add Us   2013 Kidzworld  