  Business.com Search Business Categories Advertise With Us Are You a Market Expert?  Resources for Classic Car Parts Providers of restoration parts and accessories for classic automobiles. Aerial Boom Lift  Manufacturers and distributors of industrial boom lifts. more  Aerial Lifts  Manufacturers and distributors of aerial lifts. more  Aerial Work Platforms  Manufacturers and Suppliers of Aerial Work Platforms. more  Air Compressor Leasing  Providers of air compressor leasing services. more  Air Compressor more  Get Your Business Listed Get your business listed on this page Reach active buyers and immediately increase your visibility Get Started Air Compressors  Quickly find manufacturers and suppliers of air compressors for industrial and medical applications. Review listings for links to air compressor dealers and air compression solutio more   Classic Car Parts  In restoring classic cars, choose from new and used antique car parts, order them online and have them shipped. In some cases, you may have to have classic auto parts manufactured. This service can be procured on the Internet. Youll need to be vigilant in your search, however, as there is a wide range of prices available in the realm of classic car parts for sale. 1. New reproduction: Aftermarket parts recently manufactured to replace some common parts on classic cars. 2. New old stock (NOS): Parts that have been sitting on the shelf or in a warehouse for a long time. Most would be acceptable for restoration projects. Some may have defective rubber or electrical components from the long storage. Your car will be worth more if you use vintage auto parts. 3. Used: Antique car parts previously in service that have been salvaged, cleaned and shelved. Be sure to get a return guarantee on used classic car parts. Use major auto parts retailers online to buy reproduction classic auto parts  Most major auto parts resellers have a web presence. Some may even deliver the part if they have it in stock at their local storefront. An advantage to using an in-town chain is that you can take it back if it's not the right part, avoid shipping, and talk to a real person.  Get the classic auto parts you need from specialty dealers online  Target your online search for the specific classic car you are working on. Some online dealers specialize in a certain make and model and year of manufacture, but most cover decades, with classic car parts for sale for all major models. They tend to deal with a greater variety of manufacturers to give the customer a better selection, so you need to know what you are looking for. Their price range is usually wider also, and the sales personnel are very knowledgeable and helpful.  Go to online junk dealers for the impossible-to-find antique car parts  You're in the business of restoring things, right? Well, you might have to restore some of these parts, but some are practically impossible to find elsewhere, so don't expect to pay junkyard prices. These parts usually come with some sort of return guarantee, and they know you've already looked everywhere else, so expect to pay what the part would normally cost new.  Buy replacement glass for classic cars  Chances are good that you will need replacement glass when restoring a classic car.  Often you will need windshields and windows in your search for vintage auto parts. These are extremely hard to find in junkyards and used--due to damage they have usually sustained. Your best bet is to have them custom made. Tips  Advice for Classic Car Parts Restoring classic cars is a fun hobby and often a lucrative one as well if you are able to sell the vehicle. The act of restoring a car is not so much about fixing up the outside and worrying about the little dings and rust on the panels. Restoring means taking the car back to its original glory. So if a door panel has been crushed and there's little hope of making it like new the next step is to begin searching classic car parts for a door for that model of car from that year. This is not an easy job. Locating authentic parts for classic car restoration is almost as much work as actually installing those parts! The hobby of restoring classic cars is one that requires dedication, tenacity and a strong desire to really restore the original beauty of the car inside and out. Shredded cracked leather seats on a '69 Mustang just shouldn't be replaced with modern day vinyl! Search until you find the original leather seats in great condition. This is why many car restoration projects take a great deal of time. Sure you could put something in that looks like the original but that's not restoration. The Internet has made restoring classic cars a bit easier. Now you don't have to travel across the country to check out a part, or pay to have it shipped then have to ship it back. You can handle the entire transaction online with pictures, emails, chats and even video of the parts so you can decide before purchasing it if that is the part you need. Get Multiple Quotes! Briefly describe your project and get matched with the top vendors! What is your timeframe to begin this project? Less than 30 Between 30-90 days More than 90 How large is your company? 1 - 50 employees 51-250 employees 251-1000 employees More than 1000  Step 2 of 2 First Name Last Name Email Address Your email address is always kept private. Company Name Phone Number ZIP / Postal Code Current Website We require some personal information to provide you with accurate quotes. We take your privacy seriously. Required Field Thank you! Thank you for your interest. A Business.com account representative will be in touch with you within one business day. To reach us directly, please contact us at customerservice@business.com . An error occurred with your quote request. Please try again or email us at: info@business.com for assistance. Get Competing Quotes  Related Solutions  Vendors Alternative Fuel Vehicle Manufacturers ATV Parts Automotive Interior Systems and Accessories Automotive Jacks and Stands Automotive Leasing for Executives Automotive Radiators Automotive Software Automotive Tools and Equipment Automotive Wiring Car Covers Electric Car Motors and Actuators Electronic Automotive Components International Auto Parts Motorcycle Equipment RV Manufacturers  Browse Categories Guides & Articles Advertise with Us Advertiser Login About Us Contact Us Partner with Us Press Careers Privacy Terms of Use RSS LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest Have questions? 888-441-4466  2013 Business.com Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 