    Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home  Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Arts Leisure Movies Music Sports Toys Home / Entertainment / Arts / Literature More Stuff Like This Watch awe-inspiring shows on TestTube. 10 Tips for Hosting a Fantasy Football Draft Entertainment Puzzles: Electric Guitars  Top 10 Rare Books by Ed Grabianowski  | 10 The Gutenberg Bible Johannes Gutenberg experimented with movable type throughout the 1440s, using his own casting process to set type from an alloy he invented. He had printed some relatively unremarkable items before working on the Bible, which he first offered for sale in 1455 [source: University of Texas at Austin ]. It is believed that 180 copies of the Bible were produced -- 135 on paper and 35 on vellum , or calfskin. Today, only 48 copies are known to exist, some of them only partial, almost all of them in the hands of museums, universities and libraries [source: Clausen Books ]. Gutenberg Bibles are rare and valuable for a number of reasons. In addition to their scarcity and status as the first of their kind, they're books of exceptional quality. Gutenberg used finely crafted paper and vellum, as well as a special ink of his own invention that has remained vivid for centuries. Most of the Bibles were sold in folio form , or as loose pages that the owner would then have bound in the style of his or her desire. That gives each Gutenberg Bible a certain uniqueness. Each Bible is usually split into two volumes, with the Old Testament filling the first volume, and the second volume containing the remainder of the Old Testament and the entire New Testament. How much is a Gutenberg Bible worth? A perfect copy hasn't changed hands in years, but in 2007, a single leaf went on sale for $74,000. In 1978, Christie's auctioned off a perfect two-volume Bible for $2.2 million. Another Christie's auction in 1987 transferred an incomplete version to a Japanese company for $4.9 million [source: Clausen Books ]. As long ago as 1897, a perfect vellum Bible sold for $20,000 [source: NY Times ].  Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Grabianowski, Ed. "Top 10 Rare Books" 23 March 2010. HowStuffWorks.com. http://entertainment.howstuffworks.com/arts/literature/10-rare-books.htm 27 August 2013. Cite Feedback Start the Countdown 10: The Gutenberg Bible 9: Shakespeare's First Folio 8: Edgar Allan Poe's 'Tamerlane and Other Poems' 7: Leonardo da Vinci's Codex Leicester 6: John James Audubon's 'Birds of America' 5: Ptolemy's 'Geographia' 4: John Calvin's 'Institutes of the Christian Religion' 3: Arthur Rimbaud's 'A Season in Hell' 2: The Sarajevo Haggadah 1: Fyodor Solntsev's 'Antiquities of the Russian State' Up Next |   More To Explore Popular Articles Top 5 Invasive Species You Should Know 10 Innovations Nominated for 2010 Edison Awards Top 10 Study Tips for the GRE 10 Top Tips for Preparing for the MCAT Top 10 Structurally Amazing Bridges See All Lists   Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular Top 10 Mad Scientist Fails Would you lose it all if you won the lottery? Top 10 Putting Tips How to Solve a Rubik's Cube Raindrops Game  Most Watched Stuff to Blow Your Kid's Mind Some Assembly Required: How to Build Musical Instruments What's on the inside of a bowling ball? Martial Arts How to Build Pinball Machines without Electrocuting Yourself  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS      STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home  Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit  Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US  1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc   