  Search Home  Arts and Entertainment  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Arts and Entertainment category? Email Address: Subscribe Arts and Entertainment RSS Feed Top Authors in Arts and Entertainment More Arts and Entertainment categories: Arts and Entertainment (10,762) Animation (1,097) Astrology (5,920) Body Piercings (258) Casino Gambling (30,408) Filmmaking and Film Editing (885) Humanities (4,325) Humor (4,218) Movies TV (16,266) Music (40,232) Music Industry (2,955) Music Instruction (6,270) Painting (1,686) Performing Arts (5,147) Philosophy (2,466) Photography (19,804) Poetry (6,042) Short Fiction (984) Tattoos (11,578) Visual Graphic Arts (9,327) Arts and Entertainment Article Category Things to Consider Before Booking a Wedding Reception by Robyn Spizman Booking the site for your wedding reception is one of the earliest and most important parts of planning your wedding. Popular wedding venues often book up at least a year in advance, particularly during the spring and summer months. Here are some additional important considerations: Space You need a space that can accommodate the number of guests attending your event. 6 Components of Great Jazz by Jimmy Maxwell Ever wondered how you know if you're listening to really great jazz music? These 6 tips will help you find the cream of the crop! Wedding Planners Can Help You Make Your Special Day Unforgettable by Anders Abadie If you are planning a wedding, why not hire an experienced planner to help you with the process? Doing so can make your special day that much more memorable. Three Simple Lighting Techniques When Making a Video by Lisa Donato The good news is that you don't have to hire an entire production crew to master professional lighting. Here are three techniques to reduce harsh shadows, disperse light across your subjects, change temperatures or moods, and ensure your video looks and feels like it came straight from Hollywood (or close to it). Effective Ways To Promote A Business by Lissa B Kramer Promoting a business is never easy. However, by becoming aware on how to properly do it, you certainly can. Restaurants Online Capability Enhanced With Mobile Facebook Pages and Open Table by Nyrie Roos Restaurants need to continue to provide top services to their customers if they expect to make a name for themselves, or keep the one that they have made. In order to appeal to more customers, you need to use what is out there. The Inner Game of Motivation by Doug Dvorak Sometimes, getting to a place in your life where you feel successful can feel like going through a maze. Just when you think that you have the right course figured out, you feel like you have reached a dead end, and after several dead ends you might even think that there is no real way out of the maze itself. An Observed Trend in Modern Heroic Characters and Its Possible Social Consequences by Sven Grams This is a short article discussing the importance of having the social interactions of the main characters in stories be more similar to the ones we have on a day to day level (regardless of media). This is not about the characters themselves or the physical world they find themselves in... it is about how they interact and the possible underlying consequences of this being too abstract or idealised. Biography of a Russian a Sculptress: Anna Golubikna by Madan G Singh Russia is not known for producing any significant women sculptresses'. In this barren field one woman does stand out. She is Anna Semoyonovna Golubkiina. Spray Booths - Don't DIY! by Matt S Dickinson Model making and painting them with airbrushes is a hugely popular activity among a huge range of people. This article looks at why you need a spray booth for this, and why building your own is a dangerous risk! Best Place to Get a Tattoo - How to Choose Where to Get Tattooed by Katrina Edge Have you ever looked at someone and thought, what on earth were they thinking? I mean, honestly, it looks like some people just don't think about where they are going to put their tattoo or more importantly, what they are going to have. Why Is The Lei Important To The Hawaiian Sign? by Cindy M Coffman The definition of the lei: Objects strung together so that they can be worn. How to wear the lei: The lei is placed over the head to drape equally on each side. How Much Do You Know About Events in Miami? by Leo Fess Miami is one of the best holiday destinations in the whole world. Renowned for its sandy beaches, pina coladas and acos, Miami is fully packed with activities for every visitor. If you are looking to have a good time in Miami, be prepared to enjoy a range of activities. Great Gift Ideas for Kids by Alana K Jones No doubt every parent will be familiar with this situation: little miss or little mister comes home from school, day care, sports practice or similar with an invitation to a birthday party for one of their playmates. All good! Excitement reigns! The Top 5 Places for Newlyweds to Visit at Walt Disney World by Todd Julian If you're not quite sure how to plan your Disney honeymoon, you're in luck. We've compiled a list of the top five places for newlyweds to visit at Walt Disney World, so you can skip the planning and spend your time enjoying the world's most romantic honeymoon. Couple's Relaxation Spa Package - Grand Floridian (2013) / Saratoga Springs Spa We all know how exhausting weddings can be. How Should I Pick a Band For Our Corporate Event? by Jimmy Maxwell Does your corporate event use live musical entertainment? Whether it's rewarding employees or entertaining clients, every corporate event has a primary objective in mind for the evening social event. And it's important that the musical entertainment work in tandem with those objectives. So, what should you look for in a band? Here are 6 tips to get you started. Fabulous Party Favour Ideas by Alana K Jones Lolly bags and party favours are a traditional parting gift from the party host to their guests - a nice way to say "thank you" for celebrating their special day with them. For a lot of kids, the excitement of taking home a goodie bag is the best part! With so many online stores selling kids party supplies, it's not difficult to find something unique to place in your parting gifts from your child to their buddies. What's Your Game-Changer? by Lisa Kneller I've been thinking lately about what this phrase game-changer means and what has become a game changer for me. Just to get clarity, I looked up this phrase in several online resources and here's what I found. Safety Advice For Face Painting by Nelly Bee Kids love it and even some adults do if the situation is right. It is fun, entertaining and is an easy way to get a smile out of someone while doing something a little different. The best thing about it, it is not permanent! What is the thing that both kids and adults alike can enjoy? It is face painting. How You Can Test Fluid Dynamics With a Fog Machine by Olushola George Otenaike A fog machine can be used to test the effectiveness of the fluid's fog by showing leaks in a home that should be insulated so that energy could be saved. You can get fog fluid at stores where fog machines are sold, especially at party stores and specialty hobby shops. The fog that is generated is not toxic and rapidly disperses so that you don't need to vacate the space for very long. Some Creative Ideas For Photo Books by Lissa B Kramer Discover creative ideas that you can try for your photo book project. Find out how you can make your photo book look awesome. How You Can Get Multiple Benefits for Portable Restroom Rentals by Abhijeet Tate People who are planning to host a big event should take care of every small necessity of the guests so that they do not experience any difficulty. One of the major facilities that should necessarily be provided to the visitors is the portable toilets. Buying Safe And Non-Hazardous Art Material For Your Children by Mike Hussy Andy Recent studies have shown that it is very important to indulge in arts and crafts with your children at a very early age. Art has the ability to develop your child's imaginative skills. There is no need to worry about the expensive artists supplies for your children. Escaping a 'Maze': Culture and Entertainment in The Hague by Adam Kondor A new pulse-raising alternative for the usual social agenda appeared recently on the scene in The Hague. A start-up introduced the idea of live room escape games this summer. Essential Face Painting Supplies To Get You Started by Nelly Bee One of the most popular activities to have at any event or party where children are going to attend is face painting. This is a fun way not only to provide some unique fun for the kids but also helps them explore their creativity through choosing a specific design for their faces. Is Reading a Luxury or a Necessity? by Erin Bell Many people think of reading as a luxury. For others it is a necessity. People have different reading habits. The reading itself has changed since the ebooks have gained popularity. But no matter how often we read books and no matter if we prefer paper books or ebooks, one thing is sure: books are important part of our life. Popular Mardi Gras Staples You Can Find in Costume Stores by Anders Abadie If you're planning a trip to New Orleans for Mardi Gras, you should purchase some fun accessories and outfits so that you can dress up for the parades. Most costume stores carry masks, wigs, tutus, and feather boas, all of which are popular choices. Weird Stuff Going on at Your Place? by Pauline N Ferguson So, something weird is going on at your place? Light bulbs blowing for no reason, bizarre infestations of rodents, bees swarming into your walls, trees doing weird bendy things... Preserve Your Memories Through Photo Books by Lissa B Kramer You can certainly transform every precious moment of your life into a tangible form. With today's advanced technology, you can even make your photographs more beautiful. Tips for Choosing Costumes for a Halloween Party by Anders Abadie When Halloween is coming up, you might be having trouble coming up with ideas for costumes. However, deciding what to wear does not have to be difficult. A good place to start is to think about the type of event you will be attending and what types of people will be there. Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First  Previous 1 2 3 4 5  359 Next   EzineArticles.com  2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 