  Digital Subscriptions Advertise More Subscriber Services Contact Us Mobile Apps Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Logout  77 Clear Weekly Forecast Wednesday 88 59 Thursday 89 56 Friday 86 53 Saturday 87 54 sponsored by  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home News Topics Local MontanaandRegional Wildfires Election PublicRecords Nation World Business MTInBusiness StrangeNews Search Lake Ravalli Sanders Latest around the region 3 sentenced in fake Bakken investment scheme HELENA — A federal judge has sentenced three people for their roles in luring investors to sink money in oil and gas projects that didn't exis Denver museum closes Indian massacre display DENVER (AP) — Colorado's new state history museum has closed an exhibit on the Sand Creek Indian massacre, one of the state's darkest chapters Recent U.S. Highway 12: Hearing on megaloads lawsuit delayed PSC backs off rule on executive pay disclosure FBI offers reward in Bozeman church vandalism Billings man admits DUI, endangering 3-year-old Colstrip power plant workers to be furloughed up to 90 days Sports Topics UofMontana Highschool Localandregional Football Baseball Basketball Golf Youthsports HorseRacing Latest around the region Power surge lifts Osprey over Owlz OREM, Utah – Those powerful bats that were touted as the trademark of the 2013 Missoula Osprey might have finally awakened. Western Montana teams aim to prove pollsters wrong It was no surprise to anyone in Class AA Montana football when the Kalispell Glacier Wolfpack make a deep playoff push in 2012. League coaches Recent Prep golf: Hamilton boys, Polson girls win C. Falls Invite Prep golf: Butte girls, Senior boys take first-day leads The ‘heart to overcome:’ Professional bull rider recovering from broken back at St. Vincent Healthcare Griz fans to 'Maroon Out' for nighttime football opener Osprey thump Orem, 12-5 Opinion Missoulianeditorials Letterstotheeditor Guestcolumns Syndicatedcolumnists Sendalettertotheeditor Blogs Obituaries Entertainment Topics Music Arts Movies Books Travel Food Games Calendar TVListings CelebrityNews Comics Horoscope Latest around the region Master of the Crime Novel: A look back on life, works of author Elmore Leonard Elmore Leonard, whose character- and dialogue-driven urban tales of con men, hustlers and killers such as “Glitz,” “Get Shorty” and “Out of Si Haunting novel is labyrinth of human behavior Is adultery a kind of murder that causes ex-spouses and old lovers to be expunged from our lives, as if they’d never existed? Are novelists ak Recent ‘Coming Clean’ is window into destructiveness of hoarding Shelf life: MPL offers online wildfire resources Book dates Fearless together: John Floridis Trio holding CD release party for ‘Live from 11th and Grant’ Morgenroth’s trio headlines St. Timothy’s music fest Lifestyles Topics Territory Hometowns Health Food Outdoors Pets Religion VisitMissoula RediscoverMontana Weddings Latest around the region Finding smarter snacks for your students School snacks as we know them are changing. The days are numbered for candy, snack cake and most cookies currently sold in vending machines an Family Health: Extra care needed if multiples on way “Congratulations – you’re having twins!” Recent Heart health: Study sees big gains with blood pressure Fitness calendar Births for Tuesday, August 27 Snake River caters to surfers in the West New minimum age guidelines increase ranks of Mormon missionaries Calendar Get It! Directory Search Today'sDeal Classifieds NewspaperAds Find Classifieds AllAds PlaceanAd Jobs Automotive Ea-homes Homes/Rentals Merchandise GarageSaleMap Homes missoulahomefinder.com OpenHouseDirectory Virtualtours UnCoverMissoula Placeanad Rentals Cars AutoClassifieds AutoFinder LocalDealers Placeanad-Autofinder Placeanad-Classified Jobs TopJobs Postaresume Workforus JobsTV Placeanad  Hot Topics Rapist teacher Wolf vs. cat Griz Game Day Maroon out! Windstorm death Roots Fest Panorama Home / Entertainer / Arts and Theatre Quirky, dark ‘Bird' balanced by humor  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email  2010-05-07T00:45:00Z Quirky, dark ‘Bird' balanced by humor By JOE NICKELL of the Missoulian missoulian.com May 07, 2010 12:45 am  By JOE NICKELL of the Missoulian (0) Comments Bird in the House Montana Actors' Theatre presents the premiere production ofAlysha Oravetz's play, "Bird in the House," at the Crystal Theatre,May 12-15 and 19-22. Performances begin at 7:30 p.m. Tickets are$10 on Wednesdays and Thursdays, $12 on Fridays and Saturdays. Formore information, visit www.mtactors.com. In March of 2008, police in Ness City, Kan., were called to thehome of Pam Babcock by her live-in boyfriend, Kory McFarren, whosaid something was wrong with the 35-year-old woman. Upon arriving,police discovered that Babcock was stuck to the toilet seat. Seemsthe woman had been sitting there for at least a month, and hadn'tleft the bathroom for an estimated two years. It was a story that gave fresh meaning to the old saw, "the truthis stranger than fiction." But it's also a story that inspired a new bit of fiction that takesthe stage at the Crystal Theatre next week, when Montana Actors'Theatre presents the premiere of Alysha Oravetz's "Bird in theHouse." Oravetz, a 29-year-old senior in the University of Montana's dramadepartment, said her imagination was fired by the odd newsbyte, aswell as her memories of other oddball stories from her childhoodgrowing up among the coal miners and steelworkers ofPennsylvania. "When I first heard the story of that woman, I thought it was funnybut also not funny at all," said Oravetz. "I tried to find out moreabout the story, but couldn't find much, so it started me thinkingabout how one would stay in a bathroom that long. From there,scenarios and people started coming to mind, and it grew fromthere." What emerged was a tale that Oravetz variously describes as"grotesque" and "funny," "pretty dark" but "full of a sense ofmagic." "I wanted to tell a kind of American gothic tale of what people doto survive, and all the things that you just don't see but that areeverywhere around us in America right now," said Oravetz. The play tells the tale of Joe and Regina, a poorcouple from the mining town of California, Penn. Regina gives birthto a stillborn baby in the bathroom of her home; she comes tobelieve that she can control other babies, and other people, aslong as she stays in the bathroom. "Regina's pride is so great that she doesn't leave the bathroom,she stays there with the fetus," explained Oravetz. "Meantime,there's a whole other world on the outside - the people at the barwho are asking what's going on. The story's unfolding with them andwith her and how she slowly starts to lose her mind in that space.Her husband gets sucked into it and is manipulated by her, and itgoes from there." Not exactly "Hallmark Hall of Fame" fare. But, said Oravetz, theplay isn't all darkness. "I really tried to make all the characters rounded and bring inelements of humor to the story, so that it's balanced," saidOravetz. "The actors couldn't be better; they just fit the partsand they're so quirky, it really helps bring out the love that theyhave for each other. They're just the kind of people I wanted inthe show." The production marks the last of the season for Montana Actors'Theatre, the Crystal Theatre co-resident company that recentlycompleted its run of Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream." Tags Ness City , Pam Babcock , Crystal Theatre , Alysha Oravetz , Bird In The House View (0) Comments No Comments Posted. DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd" Civil Dialogue Policy for Commenting on Missoulian.com We provide this community forum for readers to exchange ideas and opinions on the news of the day. Passionate views, pointed criticism and critical thinking are welcome. Comments can only be submitted by registered users. By posting comments on our site, you are agreeing to the following terms: Commentary and photos submitted to the Missoulian (Missoulian.com) may be published or distributed in print, electronically or other forms. Opinions expressed in Missoulian.com's comments reflect the opinions of the author, and are not necessarily the opinions of the Missoulian or its parent company. See the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for more information. Our guidelines prohibit the solicitation of products or services, the impersonation of another site user, threatening or harassing postings and the use of vulgar, abusive, obscene or sexually oriented language, defamatory or illegal material. You may not post content that degrades others on the basis of gender, race, class, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability or other classification. It's fine to criticize ideas, but ad hominem attacks on other site users are prohibited. Users who violate those standards may lose their privileges on missoulian.com . You may not post copyrighted material from another publication. (Link to it instead, using a headline or very brief excerpt.) No short policy such as this can spell out all possible instances of material or behavior that we might deem to be a violation of our publishing standards, and we reserve the right to remove any material posted to the site. Add Comment  You must Login to comment. Click here to get an account it's free and quick More Arts and Theatre stories ‘Henry V’ demands audience imagination, extra duty from actors Missoula exhibit examines state’s modernist architecture MCT Performing Arts campers sing, dance to 'Schoolhouse Rock' Missoula Fringe Festival shines a light on performance art Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 missoulian.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   The Power of Soul The Interface Project, founded by Missoula jazz singer Eden Atwood, will hold a benefit concert on August 2, 2013 featuring rocker Huey Lewis. Tickets for the event are still available. For more information please call (406) 480-6228 or visit interfaceproject.org. The Power of Soul The Interface Project, founded by Missoula jazz singer Eden Atwood, will hold a benefit concert on August 2 Choral Festival: Costa Rica's El Café Chorale    Choirs from around the world gather in Caras Park for a preview performance to kick off the    Choral Festival: Polish Chamber Choir    Choirs from around the world gather in Caras Park for a preview performance to kick off the    Deals  Offers Labor Day Sale Labor Day Sale! National La-Z-Boy Event Going on Now! Where is your next home? Call Today! Coming soon – O.P.I. San Francisco polish collection in 12 awesome colors! All That Jazz Salon  Day Spa2100 Stephens Ave Ste 102Mi We put our clients’ needs first, always. Contact us today at 406-728-4200 or 406-880-2950. Click for a Health Tip from Laura Bender at Bodies By Bender! Need to be Present to Win! A strong heart, functional muscles, Local display advertising by PaperG Most Popular Articles Comments Facebook 2 Missoula auto body workers burned when fumes explode 4-8 homes confirmed lost in 3,500-acre Highway 12 blowup Lolo Complex fires jump to 5,000 acres; public meeting tonight 16K flaming ping-pong balls dropped on wilderness fire west of Darby Missoula man dead after accidental shooting President: Hateful letter misses facts on Obama (142)  Republicans: Daines leads charge against women (515)  Atheist group appeals decision on Jesus statue (88)  Affordable Care Act: Law plays into abortion access (61)  Affordable Care Act: Put focus on health, not profits (50)  Marketplace Jobs Cars Homes  Latest Blog Posts Buffalo Post 306 fight disenrollment from Nooksack tribe in Wash. Health-and-fitness-101 Alpine PT Hosts the Annual Missoula All Women’s 5K Registration Party on September 5th Fall in Montana Buffalo Post Homecoming: 34 genetically pure bison released onto MT reservation Political Montana RICH BULEY: Republicans are anti-democracy See all blogs  Services Contact us Advertise on our site Subscriber services Calendar RSS Missoula area businesses Find Missoula Jobs Other sites Missoula Magazine Missoulian blogs Montana Autofinder Corridor Cultural Treasures Missoula's Choice Brides & Grooms Missoulian Facebook Missoulian Twitter Missoulian Pinterest  Copyright 2013, missoulian.com , 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Missoula Apartments Missoula Attorneys Missoula Auto Dealers Missoula Auto Parts Missoula Auto Repair Missoula Beauty Salons Missoula Car Rental Missoula Dentists Missoula Doctors Missoula Flowers Missoula Hotels Missoula Insurance Missoula Loans Missoula Mortgages Missoula Movers Missoula Pizza Missoula Realtors Missoula Restaurants Missoula Storage Missoula Tax Preparation Missoula Travel More Missoula Milltown Apartments Milltown Attorneys Milltown Auto Dealers Milltown Auto Parts Milltown Auto Repair Milltown Beauty Salons Milltown Car Rental Milltown Dentists Milltown Doctors Milltown Flowers Milltown Hotels Milltown Insurance Milltown Loans Milltown Mortgages Milltown Movers Milltown Pizza Milltown Realtors Milltown Restaurants Milltown Storage Milltown Tax Preparation Milltown Travel More Milltown Lolo Apartments Lolo Attorneys Lolo Auto Dealers Lolo Auto Parts Lolo Auto Repair Lolo Beauty Salons Lolo Car Rental Lolo Dentists Lolo Doctors Lolo Flowers Lolo Hotels Lolo Insurance Lolo Loans Lolo Mortgages Lolo Movers Lolo Pizza Lolo Realtors Lolo Restaurants Lolo Storage Lolo Tax Preparation Lolo Travel More Lolo Frenchtown Apartments Frenchtown Attorneys Frenchtown Auto Dealers Frenchtown Auto Parts Frenchtown Auto Repair Frenchtown Beauty Salons Frenchtown Car Rental Frenchtown Dentists Frenchtown Doctors Frenchtown Flowers Frenchtown Hotels Frenchtown Insurance Frenchtown Loans Frenchtown Mortgages Frenchtown Movers Frenchtown Pizza Frenchtown Realtors Frenchtown Restaurants Frenchtown Storage Frenchtown Tax Preparation Frenchtown Travel More Frenchtown Featured   Join the conversation Login Signup Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with missoulian.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   