 LANGUAGE and LITERATURE Contributing Editor: Pierre J. Mejlak Contributors: Grazio Falzon, Sergio Grech, Trevor Zahra M alta has two official languages, Maltese and English. The English language is a leftover of about 160 years of British colonisation of Malta. Maltese, is the only Semitic language which is written in Roman alphabet. Italian, too, is widely spoken among the younger generation, particularly due to the television programs which are transmitted from nearby Italy. If you don't speak Maltese and are willing to spend sometime with our Survival Maltese you'll find that the Maltese language is interesting enough to make a little effort very worthwhile. BASIC MALTESE compiled by Grazio Falzon BASICENGLISH-MALTESE DICTIONARY BASICMALTESE GRAMMAR BIBLIOGRAPHYOF MALTESE GRAMMAR MALTESEDICTIONARY AND PHRASEBOOK (Maltese-English / English-Maltese) SURVIVALMALTESE MALTESE POETRY ONLINE compiled by Grazio Falzon RELATED TOPICS POETRY RELATED SECTIONS on aboutmalta.com ARTS and ENTERTAINMENT : THEATRE and DANCE EDUCATION FOLKLORE FOOD and DRINK GOVERNMENT and POLITICS GOZO and COMINO HISTORY MALTESE OUTSIDE MALTA NEWS and MEDIA RELIGION TRAVEL and TOURISM RELATED LINKS Please note that these are not links to pages createdby aboutmalta.com and will open in a new window. Home | Add a Link | Modify a Listed Link | Subscribe to our Newsletter | Search | Visitors Book Adrian Grima's writings Aquilina Bookshop, Valletta - Malta - Large selection of books available online, bookshop in Republic Street, Valletta. AttardBooks.com - Malta's largest online second hand book store. Blast Those Blocks - The Blast Those Blocks ebook by Mary Attard reveals strategies on how to deal with the writer's block. Books.aboutmalta.com - Buy books from and about Malta (dictionaries, novels, children's books, classics, poetry, and much more), every book ever published or printed in Malta is available here. Charles Casha - An author of books for children, well known among young readers with his humorous stories about the jolly character Fra Mudest. Digital Dialects Maltese - Free to use interactive games for learning the Maltese language. Edge Translation - Quality translation into and out of over 80 different languages covering everthing from IT to legal. Edward J Kelly - The Mdina Touch - Read about Masonic Ritual and the quest for a Lost Secret Scroll from the Jerusalem Temple. Emilio Lombardi - Official website for one of the most prolific Maltese popular novelists. English Maltese Translation Services - Professional translation services from English to Maltese. English-Maltese Dictionary - English-Maltese online dictionary. English-Maltese Dictionary of Computer-related Terms. - This site has an online glossary (in Maltese) of computing terms too. Francis Galea - Maltese author and journalist. Freelance Translation Services - Freelance translator for EU texts, instruction manuals etc. Gorg Mallia - Communications academic, author and cartoonist. Grammin + Leroy Il-Villa Li Tleqq - Gino Lombardi's popular Maltese novels. Guze` Stagno - Official website for the author of Nbid ta' Kuljum and Xemx Wisq Sabiha . Il-Fwieha tan-Narcisa - Online magazine in Maltese Il-Wiki tal-Letteratura Maltija - Reference site on Maltese literature, with short biographies of authors and discussion on selected works. Immanuel Mifsud - Contemporary Maltese writer, writing mainly about the life and times of the Maltese Generation X. Immanuel Mifsud - Author and poet. International Translation Agency MCTranslate - International translation and localization agency based in Malta. Interprint - Book manufacturing service for international publishers. Intervisti ma' Kittieba Maghrufa Maltin - Intervisti ma' Mario Azzopardi, Oliver Friggieri, Albert Marshall, u Trevor Zahra li xxandru fuq ir-Radju tal-Universita' fl-2000 fis-sensiela Unici . [audio webcast] JPS Books - Supplier of books in English and Maltese, mostly Malta-related. JPS Publishers Kotba ghat-tfal - Children's books in Maltese. Ktieb.com - Buy and Sell Books Online - Book portal based in Malta buying and selling new and second hand books. Kumitat Tekniku tal-Letteratura - The Technical Committee for Literature was established in 2005 to create a national strategy for Maltese literature. Kwizz tal-Letteratura Maltija - Kwizz dwar il-letteratura Maltija minn Adrian Vella. L'isola del tempo: an Italian novel about Malta - By Giuseppe Raudino, an Italian author who has driven his Vespa scooter throughout the island. L-Akkademja tal-Malti - Official website of Malta's oldest literary society, spearheadeing the cause of the Maltese language. Malta Book Exchange - Somebody wants to read your books ! Malta Bookshop - Online store for books about Malta. Malta Esperanto-Societo - Esperanto Society of Malta. Malta Online Bookshop Maltese - English / Russian Online Dictionary - An ongoing project with the objective to develop a comprehensive online Maltese - English / Russian dictionary. Maltese Computing - Dedicated to the Maltese Language in electronic form, includes a mailing list with active discussion on issues pertinent to the use of Maltese on the computer. Maltese Keyboard Driver - Works on all fully Unicode Compliant applications running on Windows 2000 XP, well as some older versions. Maltese Language Support Software - National standards on the use of Maltese characters in computer systems from the Central Information ManagementUnit (CIMU), the Malta Standards Authority and L-Akkademja tal-Malti . Maltese Translations and Language Courses - Accredited Maltese translator based in Australia. Maltese Unicode for Windows - Multilanguage support for Windows 95/98/ME, 2000 and XP, including Maltese characters. Maltese-English English-Maltese Online Translator - Maltese-English English-Maltese online translator. Maltese-English-Maltese Dictionary - Joseph Aquilina's 6 volume dictionary consists of about 80,000 entries in the Maltese-English edition and 120,000 entries in the English-Maltese edition. MalteseTranslators.com - All about translation in Malta. Maltesish-Deutsch Verzeichnis - Online Maltese-German dictionary. Marie Angelique Caruana - Novelist and film producer. Minima Publishers - Books included works by Guze` Stagno, Karl Schembri, Arnold Cassola, and Immanuel Mifsud. Miranda Publishers and Online Bookstore - Books about Maltese history, temples  culture. Next 50 SEARCH aboutmalta.com Looking for something on aboutmalta.com? Advanced search options This site was last updated on 28-Aug-2008 at 06:37:39  Copyright 2000 - 2009 aboutmalta.com malta hotels book hotels online  