 Autos ATVs / Offroading Search ATVs / Offroading Beginner ATVs and Offroading Safety Environment Share Apply now to guide this site Discuss in our forum Best Online Classifieds For Buying or Selling a Used Car - Pros and Cons Pros and Cons of Most Popular Online Classifieds From Jim Walczak , former About.com Guide See More About buying a vehicle 4wd for beginners If you're in the market for a good, used vehicle, then you basically have two options: Visit local used car dealers in your area. Find private owners whose vehicles are for sale. If you're interested in buying from a dealer, they're not hard to find -- either online or in your local community. You can find them in the phone book. You probably pass by many of them when you're going about your daily business. And, most have their own websites listing their current inventory. Private sellers, on the other hand, are harder to find. Other than coincidentally passing by someone's property and noticing a For Sale sign placed in the window of their vehicle, or tediously scouring through the local classifieds in the newspaper (which are not organized in any meaningful way), vehicles that are for-sale-by-owner are much harder to come by. Which is why doing your research online can be quite helpful when you're in the market for a used vehicle. The Internet has enabled us to fine-tune our search criteria in order to view only the EXACT results we're interested in. Review of Popular Online Classifieds This article contains the results of a thorough review of six (6) popular online classifieds websites. Each of these sites provides services for both selling AND buying vehicles, but this review focuses specifically on the pros and cons of each individual site as viewed by a potential BUYER interested in purchasing a good, used vehicle. While each of these sites yielded better than average results, the best ones appear near the top of the list. (Vehicles Found indicates the number of vehicles for sale that each site found, as a result of my search for a Ford Explorer within 50 miles of a given zip code.) autotrader.com Pros: Ability to search for certified pre-owned vehicles, increasing buyer confidence Also have auction-style sales, allowing you to place incremental bids on a vehicle Ability to sort results by various categories Can compare used vehicles side by side Vehicle reviews and other resources available at the site Most comprehensive list of search fields to fine-tune the search process Most vehicles found Cons: Fair number of dealerships represented, but many private sellers as well Must do a separate click to see the photo for a vehicle Advanced Search Fields: type of vehicle (truck, SUV, minivan, etc.) make model price range distance from your home range of years color mileage doors engine (cylinders) fuel type drive type (2wd/awd/4wd) transmission (auto vs manual) Vehicles Found: 274 Cars.com Pros: Ability to quickly find classics (1982 or earlier) Ability to compare vehicles located in your search - side by side Other helpful resources on the same page: auto reviews, prices and research stats, buying guide Ability to sort results by various categories Lots of private sellers Ability to email dealerships directly to haggle on price Cons: Have to do a separate click to see the photo for a vehicle Advanced Search Fields: type of vehicle (truck, SUV, minivan, etc) make model year mileage range price range distance from your home OR any given market area date posted keywords Vehicles Found: 102 yahoo.com Pros: Lots of helpful resources on the same page: Kelly Blue Book pricing, auto reviews, vehicle history reports, consumer reports' buying advice Photos appear next to each vehicle in your search results; no additional clicks necessary They'll e-mail you when another vehicle has been listed that meets your search criteria Ability to view results in a photo gallery format vs list of vehicle characteristics Cons: Mostly (but not all) dealerships Advanced Search Fields: make model range of years mileage price range distance from your home photos for sale by owner vs dealer date posted keywords Vehicles Found: 25 carbuyer.com Pros: They'll e-mail you when another vehicle of your specific make/model is added Equal number of private sellers vs dealerships Ability to sort results by various categories Cons: Can't search by make AND model simultaneously (2-step process to search for make, then sort the list by model) Only searches by state, rather than distance from a zip code Advanced Search Fields: type of vehicle (truck, SUV, minivan, etc.) make state Vehicles Found: 13 ebaymotors.com Pros: Large number of private sellers Ability to place incremental bids toward the purchase of a vehicle Ability to view results in photo gallery view Cons: Can be a time-consuming process to win the bid for the vehicle you're interested in Advanced Search Fields: make model keyword price range market area/state mileage Vehicles Found: 1 Autobytel.com Pros: They'll e-mail you when another vehicle of your specific make/model is added There are some related resources to assist you in your search for a vehicle Ability to sort results by various categories Cons: Mostly dealerships Have to do a separate click to see the photo for a vehicle Advanced Search Fields: make model price range distance from zip code Vehicles Found: 3 More Information About Buying/Selling Your Vehicle How To Buy/Sell Your Ride Online Hybrid SUVs and Pickup Trucks Pros  Cons of Buying an SUV Related Articles Pros and Cons of Leasing vs. Buying a Car Site Design Hindrances Site Design Hindrances How to Find a Quality Used 4x4 Vehicle Online Video Sell Your Vehicle Online with About Classifieds Top Related Searches local used car dealers auction style exact results ford explorer private owners fine tune Explore ATVs / Offroading Must Reads ATV Safety Training Plan an ATV Ride One Size Doesn't Fit All! Eco-Friendly ATVing ATVs / Offroading Forum Most Popular Pros and Cons of Owning a Jeep Wrangler - Best... 4WD vs 2WD: The Differences Between 4x4 and 4x2 Best Things - Pros and Cons of Owning a Jeep... Best High Rated Used Vehicles - Highest Rated... Towing 4 Wheels Down By Category Basics of ATVs & Offroading New ATV Reviews Buyer's Guide Jeep How Tos Shows and Events Gear & Accessories Maintenance & Repairs ATV and Offroading Safety Places to Ride Eco-Etiquette The Off Road Community Learn to Ride an ATV ATVs / Offroading About.com Autos ATVs / Offroading Buy / Sell Your 4x4 Online Best Online Classifieds For Buying A Used Car - Pros and Cons of Most Popular Online Classifieds Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 