 Lucy Me Who's Dated Who Lucy Who FanPix All Star Pics Gozors Login Register Editor's Home 2013 Celebrities Couples Movies TV Music Magazines Awards Fashion News More SEARCH  YOU ARE HERE: WDW   Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera   Post a Comment Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera ( edit info )( img ) Who's Dated Who feature on Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera including pictures, gossip, anniversaries, possible engagements, weddings, babies, news... Do you like Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera? 152,716 views Favorite Rate this Couple 1 / 10 (Worst) 2 / 10 3 / 10 4 / 10 5 / 10 6 / 10 7 / 10 8 / 10 9 / 10 10 / 10 (Best) Dingdong Dantes Leo Marian Rivera Leo Couple Comparison Marian Rivera Dingdong Dantes Height 5' 4 5' 11 Age 29 33 StarSign Occupation HairColor EyeColor Nationality Religion Leo Leo Actress Actor  Brown - Light Brown - Dark Filipino Filipino Roman Catholic Roman Catholic On-Screen Appearances Dyesebel (2008) MariMar (2007) One True Love (2008) Ang babaeng hinugot sa aking tadyang (2009) You to Me Are Everything (2010) Endless Love (2010) My Beloved (2012) Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera Magazine Covers Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera Magazine Covers  Post a comment: Your Name Login or Join to avoid entering this info Your Email This will not appear on the site Comment DISCLAIMER You are solely responsible for the comments and other content that you post. Who's Dated Who? accepts no responsibility whatsoever in connection with or arising from such content.  View All Comments (167) Posted by Elize beth clare 5 days ago such a lovely couple am a very big fan of u.wsh u luck Posted by helen 2 wks ago plz dont fail to marry her very soon cause u 2 are so so wonderful and u wil your union together, God bless u Posted by Veronica 3 wks ago Youuu! Guyz ure very wonderfull in ur movies. I like keep on whatching them . Im very interested, you inspire me and ure very matched together pls get married . I love you all (M $ D). Posted by joy 4 wks ago You two are really wonderful in your career. I pray you end up together as husband and wife.I love you both. Your Nigerian fan Posted by valerie 1 mth ago i love u guys kip the fire burning, Djesebel is ma favourite, so interesting Posted by Shania Santibanez 1 mth ago Marima is my favorite cuz you answered my surname...luv u guyz and neva think of brkin up Posted by Gloria Tuwei-kenya 2 mths ago Yah,tis guyz wea ment 4 each other Posted by christy 2 mths ago U both are perfect match,i like watching ur movies especially endless love and dangerous love,i love u two,ur fan from Nigeria. Posted by cindy 2 mths ago luv u guyz cos u both are wonderful and will be gud companion to d other wen married...plz dnt brk up and i also luv ur movies especially marimar...ur fan from Nigeria. Posted by Idy.joe 2 mths ago Please get married and let God bless your union Posted by jhez 2 mths ago the best couple ever..may the godbless relationship.. Posted by moses 3 mths ago oh dante make sure you dnt let her get away frm u caus she is the one to give you your baby. Posted by cathy akoth 3 mths ago surely you make a good couple. Posted by Olawoye Peace 3 mths ago u r wat I simply call d best,diba? Posted by rebelyn umagtam 3 mths ago age doesent matter your the perfect couple,i wish all the best and stay better and stronger w/ the issue that comes to other Posted by delphine gray 4 mths ago pls dnt brk up, be a good couple Posted by cynthia 4 mths ago Pls dnt brk up I love u guys Posted by isatu jalloh 5 mths ago i like u to become couple Posted by mrs beauty 6 mths ago i love your movie dangerous love and am one of your fans in Nigerian keep it up and God bless Posted by magdalena shiragaki 6 mths ago sana mas tumibay pa ang relasyon ninyo dalawa kahit ano balakit maiwasan ninyo maraming nais sirain kayo sana lagikayo patnubayan nang panginoon dahil marami kayo napapaligaya tulad ko Posted by jayjay 6 mths ago i love them as a couple, im supper obsess in their being as a power couple..im a big fan, i love them so much.....may the GOD bless your relationship... Posted by sweetree 6 mths ago you make an awesome couple..am over loving your couple and movies... Posted by Kumishii 7 mths ago I love temptation of wife im your fans marian here in kss Posted by graziella bero 7 mths ago luv watching ur movies -very inspiring, worth watching coz they instigates real life in drama. Suits your perfection match. So your dreams come true ever after. From the isles of Solo. Posted by Sera 7 mths ago You are guys are the most beautiful and great loving couple onscreen - Im certain its the same off screen. Im a newly big fan of you guys. You look so great together - hope you get married soon. Best wishes from the beautiful island of Samoa. Posted by FELIDA MUSTAPHA 8 mths ago SERGIO PLEASE TAKE GOOD CARE OF MARI MAR BECAUSE SHE IS VERY VERY BEAUTIFUL. Posted by mardiya isiaku 8 mths ago u people are really a good couple i want it to end in marriage plsss Posted by spencer adaobi 9 mths ago u guys are wot i called destined for life time.i love u guys. Posted by queeneth 12 mths ago am very hapy to hear dis my best actor and actress, you guys are wonderful! Its real love so keep it up. Posted by nikkybabe oladoyin 1 yr ago they re God wants couple they fit together what God has joined together let no man pout assunder Posted by Pascaline Nwachukwu 1 yr ago U guys re d bomb am glad dat u guys re marid unlyk jericho rosales nd kristine hermosa.i luv u guys Posted by Ntabo 1 yr ago sorry,wish u married but you are not fit for each other. Posted by itabiyi olawunmi 1 yr ago i luv u two 2geda.wish u could get married soon Posted by Dolcab 1 yr ago The most love couple of the movie industry. I love them , they are very good to watch and my evening will not be complete if I will miss their teleserye, My Beloved . Posted by freddielyn 1 yr ago I always watch both of your movie,especially marian super like tlga kta as in.. sna makita lang nman kita sa personal,keep up a good relation to everybody GOD bless!! Posted by Arlene napoles 1 yr ago I always watch my beloved kahit puyat sa work idol ko kayo sana forever na ung love nyo sa isat isa Posted by Beverly Tandoc 1 yr ago idol na idol ko po kayo !!!sna mkita ko po kayo in person.. . like na like ko po kaung magloveteam.. .sana kayo na po FOR LIFE:) Posted by arlene napoles 2 yrs ago I am very excited mamaya na ipapalabas ang my beloved fan talaga ako ni marian Posted by shanizangel 2 yrs ago You are the hottest couple in the phillipine industry Marian take care of that handsome man or some one might snatch him ilike you Posted by jane 2 yrs ago when are you get married please? Posted by hamy 2 yrs ago you make an awesome couple..am over loving your couple and movies Posted by Jessica Veronica 2 yrs ago Guyz do love n admire ur couple cheerz n never break da promises of love u made to each other. jst keep it real n dont forget to post another movie coz we love it ur big funs to watch you. Posted by Odette 2 yrs ago The nicest couple Phil. Showbiz ever have! Both are good-looking,talented and most of all ...looks to be good for each other for life, keep it up guys! Just a stay humble forever! And success will be with you! ..k Posted by Mina 2 yrs ago YOU TWO MAKE A BEAUTIFUL COUBLE Posted by Georgina 2 yrs ago You both look good together and hope a better future for you twos. I am a great fan of yours ( love watching your movies) especially ENDLESS LOVE. Posted by shan-shan 2 yrs ago kayong dalawa talaga po ang gusto kong partner Posted by kay 2 yrs ago hey guys, luv watching yr movies, i learn alot from this movies as a young girl. from da bottom of my heart i will say yu guys meant 4 each other. please dont break my heart too. i love 2 see yu guys 2gether soon. i will be so happy.. luv yu guys. kopsie yr fan from papua new guinea Posted by Vao Blessings 2 yrs ago Match made in Heaven!! always admire and aodre you both Rivera and Dantes!! Have a blessed New Year!! Cant wait to hear the bells ringing for our HOT couple to be!! Love yous always:))))) Posted by Rev sr vivienne onwubiko 2 yrs ago Since i watched marimar,i wish u cld translate it to real life.pls get married Posted by reza 2 yrs ago i lov both of them, be blessed View All Comments (167) Featured profiles: Jane Fonda Olivia Wilde Snejana Onopka Chlo Sevigny Brittany Snow Reese Witherspoon Abbey Lee Kershaw Sonam Kapoor Rachel Weisz Tico Torres Who's Dated Who? content is contributed and edited by our readers. You are most welcome to update, correct or add information to this page. Update Information Main Details Wikipedia Other Details Trivia Quotes Categories Other Details Media Photos (172) Photo Gallery News (16) News Feed Videos (4) Styles (1) Album Covers Publicity Magazine Covers (2) Pictorials Interviews Articles Awards Community Fans (32) Links Lists Comparisons Predictions (2) Contributors Vote Summary Comments (167) Connections  Join Now Register to update information, save favorites, post photos, news stories and comments. A LucyMe.com login allows you to edit our four websites. Already A Member? Email Password  Quick Links Overview Wikipedia - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Trivia Quotes Categories - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Photos News Videos Look Book - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Magazine Covers Pictorials Interviews Articles - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Fans Links Comments Snapshot Commenced Dating 2009 Relationship Type Relationship Relationship Status Dating Relationship Source dongyanforever.multiply.com Where/How First Met MariMar (Philippine tv drama) Couple Profile Source en.wikipedia.org Couple Profile Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera, the hottest & most popular loveteam in the Philippines for the last quarter of 2007 and up to this present. Their onscreen relationship began via the Philippine adaptation of the hit mexican series MariMar. The Filipino series MariMar generated a 52.6% rating on its finale episode. It was able to break it`s own record of 49.5% rating last November 16, 2007. More importantly, MariMar`s 52.6% beat the 52.1% rating posted by Darna on April 14, 2005 making it the highest rating achieved by a show on GMA-7. Its highest rating was 52.6% while the lowest was 30.3%. The overall ratings was 44.3%. The pilot episode of the Marimar remake on August 13 rated highly with more than 36.6% in Mega Manila which GMA Network wants to sustain until the series ends March 14, 2008. On September 13, 2007, Marimar registered a 39.3% rating overcoming the pilot rating (after it equaled its inaugural rating of 38.3%). [8] and on October 5, it gained a 40% - overcoming its September 13 episode`s rating 39.3%. And once again, last October 16, 2007, it registered 44.6% of overall Mega Manila Viewership Rating, beating its previous record (40%) last October 5 by 4.6%.Last October 23, 2007, it once again made history by registering 47.9% of overall Mega Manila Viewership Rating, even surpassing 46.5%, the highest rating registered in the Philippines by the first Marimar of Thalia about eleven years ago. Last November 13, 2007, it beat its own record registering up to 48.5%. Last November 16, 2007, Marimar almost got the elusive 50% with a 49.5%. MariMar has topped urban Philippines ratings for Primetime Weekday Programs for February 2008 with 36.9%. The two-hour finale of MariMar on March 14, 2008 generated a whooping 52.6% rating to break its own record of 49.5% last November 16, 2007. More importantly, MariMar`s 52.6% beat the 52.1% rating posted by Darna on April 14, 2005. The show also topped the Nationwide Urban Television Audience Measurement (NUTAM) of AGB-Nielsen for March 2008 with a 38.1% rating. In non-cable households, Marimar`s final episode posted an even higher rating of 57.5 percent. Photo Gallery View All (172) Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera Photos  Related News View All (16) Heart, Marian trending on Twitter Posted 2 years ago by beautystar_sightings  Heart talks about rift with Marian Rivera Posted 2 years ago by beautystar_sightings  Heart Evangelista claims Marian Rivera harassed her, mulls legal ... Posted 2 years ago by beautystar_sightings  David Archuleta is a Regine Velasquez fan Posted 4 years ago by beautystar_sightings  Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera confirm "Hinugot Sa Aking Tadyang" ... Posted 4 years ago by beautystar_sightings Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera News  Categories Photo Sets External Websites List of links to Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera fansites: Pictures of Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera Photos Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera Pics Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera Links   Our Website Community WhosDatedWho.com Celebrity dating gossip Celebrity couples Celebrity babies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Z LucyWho.com Celebrity profiles Filmographies and TV show credits Magazine covers Quotes and trivia Discographies and lyrics FanPix.net Entertainment pictures Films and television shows Bands and solo artists Famous people AllStarPics.net Celebrity photos Movie stills and posters TV show images Bands and musicians Partner with Wallpaper  This website is part of the LucyMe.com entertainment community.By continuing past this page, and by your continued use of this site, you agree to be bound by and abide by the Terms of Use . Terms of Use | Copyright | Privacy | FM Living Copyright 2006-2013, Lucy Media  