  Subscriber Services Digital Subscriptions Advertise Print Edition Online Contact Us Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  86 Clear Weekly Forecast Wednesday 88 64 Thursday 92 63 Friday 91 60 Saturday 91 61 sponsored by  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home News More Local Sports Opinion Entertainment Lifestyles Blogs Community Calendar Web-Only Crime Center Obituaries Get It Classifieds Today'sDeal PlaceAnAd Contests HorseMonthly Real Estate HomesforSale ForRent PlaceanAd Jobs LocalJobs WorkforUs PostResume Classifieds PlaceAnAd Wildfire  Hot Topics Twin Falls County Fair info, photos Cayde Lish Timeline BSU Football Photos 'On Assignment' Blog 'Out and About' Galleries Gooding History Pics Big Fish Hidden History Get Out! Home / Entertainment / Books and Literature RSS Books And Literature  Authors Host Book Signing in Twin Falls TIMES-NEWS   TWIN FALLS • The Idaho Authors’ Community, a statewide organization of authors and authors-to-be, is hosting a book signing today.   April 19, 2013 1:30 am (0) Winning Reads on the Outdoors    POCATELLO • Stunning underwater photography. A coming-of-age story of three women. Wonder and magic in a small patch of forest. Nail biting ad   November 16, 2012 1:20 am (0) New Book Collects 200 Historical Jerome Photos By Virginia Hutchins - vhutchins@magicvalley.com   JEROME • Jerome folks are already clamoring for Linda Helms’ new book, and it’s not due for release until next week.   October 19, 2012 2:00 am Photos Photos  (0) Mountain Gazette Editor Sends 'Smoke Signals' to Idaho By Andrew Weeksaweeks@magicvalley.com   KETCHUM • Every month, M. John Fayhee, as editor of the Boulder, Colo.-based Mountain Gazette, writes a column for the magazine.   October 05, 2012 1:50 am Photos Photos (0) Hailey Scientist Writes New Book By Karen BossickFor the Times-News   HAILEY • Wendy Pabich has made a living telling people how to reduce their water consumption.   September 28, 2012 2:00 am Photos Photos (0) Idaho Writers Tell Ghost Stories in New Anthology    TWIN FALLS • Ghost stories are often told around a campfire. Now, 27 Idaho writers share their own tales of ghosts and the unexplained in a ne   September 21, 2012 1:30 am (0) 'Japanese Life to American Life: How To Preserve Freedom' ($25 at amazon.com; $10 for Kindle) By Virginia Hutchins vhutchins@magicvalley.com   RUPERT • Osaka, Japan, native Kimiko Belliston, 77, now the Rupert widow of a U.S. Air Force captain, says America is heading toward socialism.   September 07, 2012 1:30 am Photos Photos (0) 'Mother of Pearl' By Tetona Dunlap -   SUN VALLEY • Kellie Coates Gilbert is a Boise State University alumna, former legal investigator and former resident of Sun Valley.   August 31, 2012 1:30 am Photos Photos (0) Get a Leg Up in Robotics    TWIN FALLS • Children and their parents may sign up for the three-day Robotics Workshop to be held at the Herrett Center for Arts and Science.   July 06, 2012 1:30 am (0) University of Arizona Presents Play Based on Twin Falls Author’s Book    TWIN FALLS • The University of Arizona’s etc... Educational Theatre Co. in Tucson will produce a play based on a book by Twin Falls writer Pat   June 22, 2012 1:10 am (0) New on the Bookshelf: ‘Let’s Go for a Ride’ Times-News   RUPERT • Ferrell Catmull credits a Rupert seventh-grade teacher for inspiring his writing, and the town itself for shaping his life.   May 25, 2012 1:45 am (0) Artists’ Books Sought for Traveling Exhibition    TWIN FALLS • The 2013 edition of Idaho Booker’s Dozen, a traveling, juried show of artists’ books, is accepting submissions.   May 18, 2012 1:00 am (0) T.F. Woman Wins Screenplay Contest Times-News   TWIN FALLS • Patricia Marcantonio of Twin Falls won first place in the Idaho Writers and Readers Rendezvous short screenplay contest.   May 11, 2012 1:10 am (0) Learn the Intricacies of Ancient Tools   TWIN FALLS • Prehistoric technology may sound like an oxymoron to anyone who doesn’t understand the craftsmanship of ancient tools. But after    April 27, 2012 12:55 pm (0) Learn about Historical Hells Canyon Mailboats    TWIN FALLS • Historian Carol Simon-Smolinski will speak on “Mailboats of Hells Canyon: The Early Years” at noon May 18 in the Twin Falls Publi   April 27, 2012 12:55 pm (0) Crazy Neighbors? You Can Relate to This Script By Blair Koch For the Times-News   TWIN FALLS • Engaged but not in love, and aspiring for fame, Michael Caldwell listens to the voices in his head and heads to New York City, le   April 20, 2012 6:00 am Related Related Smith Takes Top Prize at Marona Scholarship Finals There’s Plenty of Humor in Dating Magic Valley Symphony will Honor Idaho and its Artists with a Pops Music Night Open House Shows Off Remodeled Hailey Theater (0) Open House Shows Off Remodeled Hailey Theater By Karen BossickFor the Times-News   HAILEY • Footlight Dance instructor Hilarie Neely can’t get enough of the view from the stage of the newly remodeled Community Campus theater.   April 20, 2012 1:35 am (0) Explore a Century of the Family Doctor    TWIN FALLS • Dr. David A. McClusky will speak on “Three Generations of the Family Doctor in the Magic Valley” for the fourth lecture in the Ma   April 20, 2012 1:20 am (0) Kids May Apply for Summer Writing Camps    TWIN FALLS • The Log Cabin Literary Center, a Boise-based center for literature arts and an incubator for beginning writers, is accepting appl   April 20, 2012 1:20 am (0) Librarian Mareda Wright Will Share her Research about Little-known Jessie Bisbee By Natalie Dicou - ndicou@magicvalley.com   TWIN FALLS • If you know much about early Twin Falls history, you know the name Clarence Bisbee. With few writings to document the city’s begi   April 06, 2012 1:30 am (0) More Books And Literature New Book Collects 200 Historical Jerome Photos By Virginia Hutchins - vhutchins@magicvalley.com   JEROME • Jerome folks are already clamoring for Linda Helms’ new book, and it’s not due for release until next week.   October 19, 2012 2:00 am Photos Photos  (0) Mountain Gazette Editor Sends 'Smoke Signals' to Idaho By Andrew Weeksaweeks@magicvalley.com   KETCHUM • Every month, M. John Fayhee, as editor of the Boulder, Colo.-based Mountain Gazette, writes a column for the magazine.   October 05, 2012 1:50 am Photos Photos (0) Hailey Scientist Writes New Book By Karen BossickFor the Times-News   HAILEY • Wendy Pabich has made a living telling people how to reduce their water consumption.   September 28, 2012 2:00 am Photos Photos (0) Idaho Writers Tell Ghost Stories in New Anthology    TWIN FALLS • Ghost stories are often told around a campfire. Now, 27 Idaho writers share their own tales of ghosts and the unexplained in a ne   September 21, 2012 1:30 am (0) 'Japanese Life to American Life: How To Preserve Freedom' ($25 at amazon.com; $10 for Kindle) By Virginia Hutchins vhutchins@magicvalley.com   RUPERT • Osaka, Japan, native Kimiko Belliston, 77, now the Rupert widow of a U.S. Air Force captain, says America is heading toward socialism.   September 07, 2012 1:30 am Photos Photos (0) 'Mother of Pearl' By Tetona Dunlap -   SUN VALLEY • Kellie Coates Gilbert is a Boise State University alumna, former legal investigator and former resident of Sun Valley.   August 31, 2012 1:30 am Photos Photos (0) Get a Leg Up in Robotics    TWIN FALLS • Children and their parents may sign up for the three-day Robotics Workshop to be held at the Herrett Center for Arts and Science.   July 06, 2012 1:30 am (0) University of Arizona Presents Play Based on Twin Falls Author’s Book    TWIN FALLS • The University of Arizona’s etc... Educational Theatre Co. in Tucson will produce a play based on a book by Twin Falls writer Pat   June 22, 2012 1:10 am (0) New on the Bookshelf: ‘Let’s Go for a Ride’ Times-News   RUPERT • Ferrell Catmull credits a Rupert seventh-grade teacher for inspiring his writing, and the town itself for shaping his life.   May 25, 2012 1:45 am (0) Artists’ Books Sought for Traveling Exhibition    TWIN FALLS • The 2013 edition of Idaho Booker’s Dozen, a traveling, juried show of artists’ books, is accepting submissions.   May 18, 2012 1:00 am (0) T.F. Woman Wins Screenplay Contest Times-News   TWIN FALLS • Patricia Marcantonio of Twin Falls won first place in the Idaho Writers and Readers Rendezvous short screenplay contest.   May 11, 2012 1:10 am (0) Learn the Intricacies of Ancient Tools   TWIN FALLS • Prehistoric technology may sound like an oxymoron to anyone who doesn’t understand the craftsmanship of ancient tools. But after    April 27, 2012 12:55 pm (0) Learn about Historical Hells Canyon Mailboats    TWIN FALLS • Historian Carol Simon-Smolinski will speak on “Mailboats of Hells Canyon: The Early Years” at noon May 18 in the Twin Falls Publi   April 27, 2012 12:55 pm (0) Crazy Neighbors? You Can Relate to This Script By Blair Koch For the Times-News   TWIN FALLS • Engaged but not in love, and aspiring for fame, Michael Caldwell listens to the voices in his head and heads to New York City, le   April 20, 2012 6:00 am Related Related Smith Takes Top Prize at Marona Scholarship Finals There’s Plenty of Humor in Dating Magic Valley Symphony will Honor Idaho and its Artists with a Pops Music Night Open House Shows Off Remodeled Hailey Theater (0) Open House Shows Off Remodeled Hailey Theater By Karen BossickFor the Times-News   HAILEY • Footlight Dance instructor Hilarie Neely can’t get enough of the view from the stage of the newly remodeled Community Campus theater.   April 20, 2012 1:35 am (0) Explore a Century of the Family Doctor    TWIN FALLS • Dr. David A. McClusky will speak on “Three Generations of the Family Doctor in the Magic Valley” for the fourth lecture in the Ma   April 20, 2012 1:20 am (0) Kids May Apply for Summer Writing Camps    TWIN FALLS • The Log Cabin Literary Center, a Boise-based center for literature arts and an incubator for beginning writers, is accepting appl   April 20, 2012 1:20 am (0) Librarian Mareda Wright Will Share her Research about Little-known Jessie Bisbee By Natalie Dicou - ndicou@magicvalley.com   TWIN FALLS • If you know much about early Twin Falls history, you know the name Clarence Bisbee. With few writings to document the city’s begi   April 06, 2012 1:30 am (0) More Books And Literature Ask Us: Quick QA Tweets by @twinfallstn Don't have Twitter? Submit your questions below and watch the feed above for your answer. Follow the Times-News Facebook on Facebook Twitter on Twitter Follow @twinfallstn Email Get email updates from Email Updates Most Popular Stories Articles Comments Facebook 1 Jury Returns Verdict in Cayde Lish Trial 2 Stephanie Lynn Silcock Stubbs 3 Night of Fatal Stabbing Reconstructed for Jurors 4 Girlfriend, Lish Recount Three-Minute Fatal Fight 5 Girlfriend of Stabbing Victim Testifies at Lish Trial 1 Margaret Carlson: Racial History Is Alive and Well (12)  2 Letter To The Editor: ACLU Isn't about Freedom (28)  3 Letter To The Editor: Feds Can Take Care of Lands (8)  4 Jury Returns Verdict in Cayde Lish Trial (7)  5 Letter to the Editor: Wolves Deserve Better Treatment (6)  Local advertising by PaperG  Deals, Offers and Events Find more... Check Out Our Premier Water Care Products Thank you for a wonderful season..See You in the Spring! Mystic Paws Grooming Offers Senior Citizen Discounts Call (208) 733-5346 for your dental services! ~ Roberts  Hall Monthly Free Tattoo Giveaway At Warm Art Tattoo Featured Businesses Find more... Parke's Magic Valley Funeral Home Roberts  Hall Canyon Crest Times-News Advanced Foot  Ankle Find a local business I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory .  Services Subscriber Services Advertise on Our Site Contact Us About Us More Online Features Special Series River of Stone A Leap Into History Future of a Forgotten People Mobile Site  Copyright 2013, Twin Falls Times-News , 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Twin Falls Apartments Twin Falls Attorneys Twin Falls Auto Dealers Twin Falls Auto Parts Twin Falls Auto Repair Twin Falls Beauty Salons Twin Falls Car Rental Twin Falls Dentists Twin Falls Doctors Twin Falls Flowers Twin Falls Hotels Twin Falls Insurance Twin Falls Loans Twin Falls Mortgages Twin Falls Movers Twin Falls Pizza Twin Falls Realtors Twin Falls Restaurants Twin Falls Storage Twin Falls Tax Preparation Twin Falls Travel More Twin Falls Filer Apartments Filer Attorneys Filer Auto Dealers Filer Auto Parts Filer Auto Repair Filer Beauty Salons Filer Car Rental Filer Dentists Filer Doctors Filer Flowers Filer Hotels Filer Insurance Filer Loans Filer Mortgages Filer Movers Filer Pizza Filer Realtors Filer Restaurants Filer Storage Filer Tax Preparation Filer Travel More Filer Kimberly Apartments Kimberly Attorneys Kimberly Auto Dealers Kimberly Auto Parts Kimberly Auto Repair Kimberly Beauty Salons Kimberly Car Rental Kimberly Dentists Kimberly Doctors Kimberly Flowers Kimberly Hotels Kimberly Insurance Kimberly Loans Kimberly Mortgages Kimberly Movers Kimberly Pizza Kimberly Realtors Kimberly Restaurants Kimberly Storage Kimberly Tax Preparation Kimberly Travel More Kimberly Hansen Apartments Hansen Attorneys Hansen Auto Dealers Hansen Auto Parts Hansen Auto Repair Hansen Beauty Salons Hansen Car Rental Hansen Dentists Hansen Doctors Hansen Flowers Hansen Hotels Hansen Insurance Hansen Loans Hansen Mortgages Hansen Movers Hansen Pizza Hansen Realtors Hansen Restaurants Hansen Storage Hansen Tax Preparation Hansen Travel More Hansen Jerome Apartments Jerome Attorneys Jerome Auto Dealers Jerome Auto Parts Jerome Auto Repair Jerome Beauty Salons Jerome Car Rental Jerome Dentists Jerome Doctors Jerome Flowers Jerome Hotels Jerome Insurance Jerome Loans Jerome Mortgages Jerome Movers Jerome Pizza Jerome Realtors Jerome Restaurants Jerome Storage Jerome Tax Preparation Jerome Travel More Jerome Buhl Apartments Buhl Attorneys Buhl Auto Dealers Buhl Auto Parts Buhl Auto Repair Buhl Beauty Salons Buhl Car Rental Buhl Dentists Buhl Doctors Buhl Flowers Buhl Hotels Buhl Insurance Buhl Loans Buhl Mortgages Buhl Movers Buhl Pizza Buhl Realtors Buhl Restaurants Buhl Storage Buhl Tax Preparation Buhl Travel More Buhl Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, Twin Falls Times-News. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with magicvalley.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: magicvalley.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 12:19:38 pm 