 Tuesday August 27th, 2013 Markels Auto Interiors  Auto Upholstery in Los Angeles  Convertible Tops in Los Angeles Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Reviews Blog Services Location Gallery Contact  Home Markels Auto Interiors specializes in automotive upholstery, convertible tops, custom auto interiors, custom sheepskins, leather seats, custom orthopedic seats, rear window replacement, auto seat repair, auto interior repair, aviation / airplane upholstery, auto seat covers, marine / boat upholstery, restaurant upholstery, motorcycle upholstery, and more. We Offer Free Estimates Markels Auto Interiors has been refurbishing and restoring auto upholstery since 1945. This 3rd generation family business is all about customer satisfaction. Most of the staff has been with Markels for at least 20 years and longer. Its no coincidence that people come to Markels from all over the country. We take Tremendous Pride in Transforming your Cars Interior from Worn to Wonderful. We pay special attention to the Orthopedic seating of your vehicle. The owner, Dennis Hauswirth, is a Certified Yoga Instructor and knows first hand how important it is to sit firmly and upright in your vehicle. This is one of the reasons we carry so many different types of foam, padding and lumbar support. If youre not comfortable with how your vehicles seat feels, you surely wont be able to ride with a smile on your face and a song in your heart. There really isnt anything Markels cant do for your Upholstery Needs, be it your kitchen chairs, patio furniture, restaurant booths, or your motorcycle seat, or even your boat or plane. Many restaurants in Town have used Markels over the Years, Including Dan Tanas, The Real Food Daily, in addition to Mortons Steak House, and some of the local Beauty Salons, Delis, and even Your Home Easy Chair. Call us at 310.274.1501, email us at yogidh@gmail.com , or better yet, stop by our shop conveniently located 100 feet north of the corner of Robertson Blvd. and Pico Blvd. on the west side of the street. Recent Blogs 1973 Mercedes Benz 450 SL July 22nd, 2013 Wonderful chocolate brown Mercedes SL came in and needed a few items.We installed a new original c [...] Lexus IS F Dogwalk July 16th, 2013 A high powered C.P.A.comes in and admits that his little Yorkshire Terrier is in charge of his Lexus [...] Ferrari F355 GTS Dash Repair July 10th, 2013 Ferrari's like Rolls Royces, Masaratti's, some BMW's, Aston Martin's and other exclusive manufacture [...]   2012 Markel Auto Interiors. All Rights Reserved. Home | Reviews | Blog | Services | Location | Contact | Sitemap Convertible Tops • Boats • Airplanes • Reupholstered SeatsCustom Interiors • Foreign & Domestic • Rear Window ReplacementCustom Sheepskins • Leather Seats • Custom Orthopedic Seats 1163 South Robertson Blvd. Los Angeles, CA 90035 Store Hours: Monday – Friday 8:30am to 5:00pm. *Sometimes later, depending on our workload Saturday hours are usually 11:00am to 1:00pm. Free Estimates Serving Los Angeles, CA, West Los Angeles, CA, Beverly Hills, CA, Venice, CA, Culver City, CA, Santa Monica, CA, Mar Vista, CA,Marina Del Ray, CA, Hollywood, CA, Pacific Palisades, CA, Malibu, CA, Playa Del Ray, CA, East Los Angeles, CA, Manhattan Beach, CA, The South Bay, Downtown Los Angeles, Northeast Los Angeles, CA, Echo Park and Westlake, Harbor Area,Los Feliz and Silver Lake, South Los Angeles, San Fernando Valley, The Westside, Redondo Beach, Hermosa Beach, San Diego, CA, Irvine, CA, Long Beach, CA, and anywhere else in Southern California Featuring Recent Posts WordPress Widget development by YD 