  David Maus Toyota 1160 Rinehart Road Sanford , FL 32771 Sales : 1-866-956-8517  Search * Search Espaol  Home Scion David Maus Automotive Care Program Facebook Twitter Google + Specials New Vehicle Specials Toyota Factory Incentives Pre-Owned Specials Pre-Owned Under $12,000 Service Specials Parts Specials New New Toyota Inventory New Toyota Specials Toyota Incentives Toyota Research & Compare New Toyota Showroom Toyota Fleet Sales New Toyota Finder Value Your Trade Pre-Owned Search Used Inventory Pre-Owned Specials Pre-Owned Under $12,000 Value Your Trade Research Compare & Research Research 4Runner Research Avalon Research Camry Research Corolla Research FJ Cruiser Research Highlander Research Land Cruiser Research Matrix Research Prius Research RAV4 Research Sequoia Research Sienna Research Tacoma Research Tundra Research Venza Research Yaris Value Your Trade Finance Finance Center Payment Estimator Toyota Factory Incentives Finance Application Extended Warranty Value Your Tade Parts & Service Schedule Service Service Specials Parts Specials Protect Your Vehicle Extended Warranty Parts Request Purchase Parts Online David Maus Car Spa Tint & Paint Protection Collision Center Rental Dealership Info About Us FAQ Meet Our Staff Employment Directions News In the Community Contact Us Fleet Sales David Maus Toyota Serving Orlando|Toyota Kaizen Culture  David Maus Toyota is a dealership that does Whatever It Takes for its customers by providing a fun, fast and easy car buying experience both online and on-site. At David Maus Toyota, we empower our employees using the Toyota Kaizen Culture. Kaizen is a philosophy that encourages every employee to improve customer experience and business operations by making daily suggestions. Kaizen involves every employee: Setting standards and then continually improving on those standards Making a change to improve quality Focusing on identifying problems, solving them, and making certain the problem stays solved By implementing the Kaizen Culture at David Maus Toyota we are able to: Reduce waste. Lower Costs. Increase Productivity. Improve Customer Satisfaction. As you search through our site you can browse our New and Pre-Owned Inventory, including pictures and video, request information on our vehicles and set up a test drive. You can also get information on Financing and what our on-site bank representatives can you do for you. Plus get up-to-date information on our dealership in the News section under the Dealership Info tab. If you need assistance while you are on our site, please feel free to click on the Live Chat button in the top right corner and speak with an Online Representative immediately. David Maus Toyota Service and Parts Departments David Maus Toyota also has an award winning Service Department. Under the Parts  Service tab you will have the option to: Schedule a service appointment Receive service and parts discounts Request retail parts Request a rental vehicle from Toyota-Trac - David Maus Toyota Rent A Car Department To take advantage of our discounts, check back with us on a weekly basis to see updated specials. David Maus Toyota In the Community Since 2003, David Maus and the David Maus Toyota employees have been involved in the Central Florida community through donations, fundraising events and volunteering. Here are a few of the community initiatives: The David Maus Toyota Service Department established the Service Contribution Program "SCP" which donates to a charitable organization each month. Through the years over $225,000 in monetary fund's and in-kind items have been donated to such charities as American Heart Association, Susan G Komen Foundation, Meals on Wheels, Relay for Life of the American Cancer Society, Autism Speaks, and much more. The David Maus employees cook and serve dinner to the Ronald McDonald House of Central Florida once a month. They provide food for the residents who are staying at the home and assist in serving. One resident on March 8th wrote: "Thank you for taking the time to feed my family. Blessings!" - The Bond Family In 2005, David Maus and a group of volunteers established the David Maus Foundation. By holding fundraising events the David Maus Foundation, with the support of local businesses and residents, has donated to Camp Boggy Creek, Crohn's and Colitis Foundation, Disney Children's Hospital, and the Ronald McDonald Houses of Central Florida. The various donations and sponsorships with the Ronald McDonald House has given the David Maus Foundation the honor of helping to raise over $400,000 and underwrite two rooms for the families to stay, cost free. Due to the dealership's extensive community participation, David Maus and his staff have been featured in Time Magazine for their involvement with such charities as Ronald McDonald House (2009, 2008  2007 issue), Children's Miracle Network (2006 issue), Sports and Drugs Don't Mix Charity for Kids, (2005 issue), Lake Mary Police Department D.A.R.E. program (2004 issue), and Baby DJ with XL 106.7 (2003 issue). Check back each week to see what we are involved in by checking News under the Dealership Info tab. Award Winning Toyota Dealership Awarded by Toyota Motor Corporation, David Maus Toyota is the recipient of: 2003-2012 President's Award 2004-2010 Board of Governor's David Maus Toyota is also the seven-time recipient of the Chairman's Award and Excellence Award (2003-2010) in all categories of sales, service and parts by Southeast Toyota.  Contact Info David Maus Toyota 1160 Rinehart Road Sanford , FL 32771 Phone : 1-866-956-8517  Hours Monday: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm Tuesday: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm Wednesday: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm Thursday: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm Friday: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm Saturday: 9:00 am - 9:00 pm Sunday: 11:00 am - 7:00 pm  Get Directions Toyota Dealership Serving Orlando, FL Toyota Dealership Serving Kissimmee, FL Toyota Dealership Serving Deltona, FL Toyota Dealership Serving Deland, FL  Directions Contact About Privacy Sitemap  Website by Dealer.com   omniture implementation   [if IE]>