  EXPERT ADVICE COMMUNITY BLOG PRODUCTS & GEAR GLOBAL GIVING  Set container id and URL used in page markup and JavaScript handler for loginAndWelcome_top.jsp.  Log in | Sign up  JavaScript handler for refreshing loginAndWelcome_top.jsp container upon login/logout/registration.  Menu EXPERT ADVICE COMMUNITY BLOG PRODUCTS & GEAR GLOBAL GIVING  Main Menu PRODUCTS & GEAR Pregnancy Products Baby Products Toddler Products Log in | Sign up PRODUCTS & GEAR Pregnancy Products Baby Products Toddler Products  Shop  advertisement How to buy a convertible car seat Home / Baby Products / On the Go Products / Car seats  In this article The lowdown on convertible car seats What to look for when buying Important safety notes What it's going to cost you In this article The lowdown on convertible car seats What to look for when buying Important safety notes What it's going to cost you Last updated: May 2012 En espaol  Download our illustrated guide to convertible car seats The lowdown on convertible car seats You have a choice of two types of car seat for your baby:an infant car seat or a convertible car seat. A convertible seat converts from a rear-facing seat for babies and toddlers to a forward-facing seat. It carries children from birth to somewhere between 40 and 80 pounds and up to 50 inches tall, depending on the seat. Another type of convertible seat known as a 3-in-1 or all-in-one car seat can change from rear-facing to forward-facing, then into a booster seat for children up to 100 pounds. (Note: Some "3-in-1" car seats are not for babies. They're forward-facing only, and convert from car seat for older toddlers to high-back booster to backless booster.) It's cheaper to buy a convertible car seat for a newborn instead of starting with an infant car seat and then transitioning to a convertible. But experts say young babies are safer in an infant car seat. Many parents say their newborn seems to be swimming in a convertible seat, and they have to use head rests, towels, or other cushioning to prop him safely in place until he grows into the seat. A convertible car seat is also less convenient for you at first: Convertible seats are heavy. And unlike infant car seats, they have to be installed in the car rather than clicked into a base that's installed in the car  so you can't easily take them in and out of the car, carry your baby in them, or snap them into a stroller. What to look for when buying Ease of use: Look for the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration's five-star rating system: The more stars a car seat has, the easier it is to use. The NHTSA ratings take into account how easy it is to install the seat in your car and secure your child in it, as well as the content and clarity of the instruction manual.  A five-point safety harness: The straps  one for each shoulder, one for each thigh, and one between your baby's legs  are more adjustable (and thus safer) than older designs.  Easy adjustments : You'll need to adjust the harness as your child grows, so avoid seats that make this complicated. Better car seats allow you to adjust the straps and harness height easily from the front. A few models even have one-hand belt adjustments with quick-release buckles.  LATCH (lower anchors and tethers for children): Since 2002, all car seats and vehicles have been compatible with the LATCH system. LATCH allows you to attach the car seat directly to your vehicle instead of using the seat belt to secure it. This can make installation safer and easier. Convertible car seats are equipped with top tether and bottom straps, but the manufacturer may recommend not using the top tether strap in the rear-facing position. Follow the manufacturer's instructions.  Easy cleaning: Kids and messes go hand in hand, but a surprising number of car seats come with covers you can't take off. A detachable, machine-washable cover makes cleanup much easier.  Comfort: A well-padded seat with plenty of head support gives your baby a better ride.  Side-impact protection: Some car seats have special energy-absorbing foam and other features designed to better protect your baby's head and chest in a side-impact accident.  Important safety notes How to install You might think that anyone who can read an instruction manual and follow directions can install a car seat correctly. In reality, it's not so easy. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), 3 out of 4 car seats are improperly installed. For safety's sake, have your car seat and its installation checked by a professional. To arrange an inspection in your area, use the National Highway Safety Transportation Administration's car seat inspection station locator .  For advice on avoiding the most common car seat installation mistakes, see our article on installing a car seat . You can also talk to parents in our Car Safety groups. Where to install Car seats must be installed in the backseat. For babies and toddlers under age 2, install the car seat facing the rear of the car. Experts say it's safest to keep your child rear-facing as long as possible , at least until your child is 2 years old or reaches the maximum rear-facing height and weight limit for your car seat. (Most newer convertible seats can handle kids up to 40 pounds or so in a rear-facing position.) Secondhand seats We don't recommend buying used car seats . Secondhand seats could be missing important parts, have been involved in an accident (even unseen damage can affect the way a seat functions), fall short of current safety standards, or have been recalled due to faulty design. Moreover, plastic gets brittle as it gets older, so a seat that's too old could break in a crash. If you use a secondhand seat, make sure it has never been in an accident, is less than five years old, and comes with all parts and instructions . What it's going to cost you Convertible car seats, as well as 3-in-1 and all-in-one seats, generally cost between $80 and $380. The top-of-the-line models are pricey, but often have higher weight limits, so you can use them longer.  Download our illustrated guide to convertible car seats  Member Comments Add a comment a BabyCenter Membersays It actually is very important for your child to face backward as long as possible. Their heads are heavy and their necks are fragile and they are less likely to snap their necks in an accident if they are facing backward. Also make sure the chest restraint is up far enough so your child doesnt get ejected from the seat. Its called a chest restraint for a reason. Not a diaphragm restraint or a tummy restraint. 2 out of 2 found this comment helpful {"ajaxResult": {"errors": "","addedItemId": "","loggedIn": "false","url": ""}} Was this comment helpful? Yes | No Thank you! Report comment 08.19.2013|10:01 AM Buckaroo-Banzai says Using the LATCH system IS SAFER than a seat belt because the LATCH clips enable the car seat to be anchored with far more downward force on the car seat base, resulting in a seat that has less travel up  down and from side to side. Yes, a car seat properly installed with a seatbelt or LATCH is still safe. However, a car seat will move less while the car is in motion using a LATCH system and this makes it safer. Try installing a car seat (of any type) with a seat belt and see how loose it is compared to the LATCH system; Its like night and day. I honestly dont feel as confident using a seat belt on the two car seats I have purchased, as there is way too much play from side to side. If you have no choice but to use a seatbelt, you can improve upon the tightness and downward force of the seat by using a locking clip. These clips come with some car seats or can be purchased separately. 1 out of 1 found this comment helpful {"ajaxResult": {"errors": "","addedItemId": "","loggedIn": "false","url": ""}} Was this comment helpful? Yes | No Thank you! Report comment 08.17.2013|9:59 PM See all comments {"ajaxResult": {"errors": "","addedItemId": "","loggedIn": "false","url": ""}} Add a comment characters left anonymous (your post will be from a BabyCenter Member) Preview Preview your comment Buying guides  expert tips Baby on board Most car seats are installed incorrectly. Find out how to do it right. Read our guide Be a frugal mama Don't overspend on baby buys. Get ideas for finding the best baby bargains. See our tips  Buying guide: Car seats How to choose and use a car seat Must-have baby products What I wish I'd known about buying baby gear Checklist: Packing for your baby  Welcome to BabyCenter Personalize your BabyCenter experience and receivefree newsletters tracking your baby's development. Enter your email address Join now Enter your due date or child's birthday mm Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec dd 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 yyyy 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 Join now I'm trying to conceive  advertisement Related videos How to install an infant car seat Our video shows the right way to use your baby's car seat and common car seat safety mistakes parents make. How to choose a car seat Our video overview of five basic categories of car seats will help you decide which car seat is right for your family. Infant car seat: How to install it rear-facing with LATCH Get a look at the LATCH system and how to use it with an infant car seat. See all videos Product news  reviews 11 of my favorite products and reviews of 2012 Last week, when I was cleaning out the baby's room, packing up too-sma... Posted by Molly Balint at01/16/2013 And the 2013 color of the year is... Well, it's official. Green is the new black. Or at least the new Tange... Posted by Molly Balint at12/10/2012 Graco launches new SnugRide for infants to 2 years Last spring, the American Academy of Pediatrics made big news when the... Posted by Molly Balint at09/24/2012 See more A new convertible carseat from Britax (WIN!!) And the winners are: Comment #1009 Andrea Schmitz who said, oh my! thi... Posted by Molly Balint at08/31/2012 Win a jacket for your Clek booster (and a SALE!) And the winners are: Comment #7 Tara Commment #20 Maria Comment #23 Ca... Posted by Molly Balint at08/29/2012 Good to know! BabyCenter's longterm baby gear road tests It can be a huge disappointment when that coveted play yard, stroller ... Posted by Molly Balint at08/20/2012 Love BOB? Love Britax? You'll love this. Coming on August 29th, BOB strollers and Britax are joining forces to ... Posted by Molly Balint at08/07/2012 Car seat travel tray. Why didn't I think of that? This is another one of those moments when I meet a product that is too... Posted by Andrea Updyke at07/19/2012 Clek releases updates to sleek Olli booster We put so much time, energy and research into finding the safest carse... Posted by Molly Balint at06/26/2012 Cutest car organizer EVER. I've talked on here a lot about my inability to keep my car clean and ... Posted by Molly Balint at06/05/2012 See less  Connect with us Sign up for our weekly emails that detail your baby's development  Get our FREE apps  My Pregnancy Today My Baby Today Birth Class App for iPad BabyCenter Blog Like us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest BabyCenter Community Follow us on Twitter Love us? Best Family  Parenting Site  Top Go-To Resource for Expecting Moms Get Help About BabyCenter, L.L.C. Help Center Press Center Contact Us Site Map Membership  Newsletters Newsletters Register Manage Email Subscriptions Update Account Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Our U.S. Sites BabyCenter BabyCenter Community BabyCenter en Espaol Baby.com Pregnancy.com BabyCenter Blog Behind the Scenes Marketing & Advertising Solutions Media Kit Jobs Shop Diapers.com Baby Registry Baby Products Britax Car Seats All contents copyright  BabyCenter LLC. 1997-2013 All rights reserved. This Internet site provides information of a general nature and is designed for educational purposes only. If you have any concerns about your own health or the health of your child, you should always consult with a physician or other healthcare professional. Please review the Terms of Use before using this site. Your use of the site indicates your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use . This site is published by BabyCenter, L.L.C., which is responsible for its contents as further described and qualified in the Terms of Use .   