  Home VH1 Sites VH1 Blog VH1 Tuner Music Blog VH1 Celebrity Best Week Ever VH1 Mobile VH1 Classic Shop VH1 Costar Video All Videos Full Episodes Music Videos Shows VH1 Shows  Watch Full Episodes  Download VH1 Costar  Music From The Show Basketball Wives Basketball Wives LA Behind the Music Behind the Music Remastered Best Week Ever Big Morning Buzz Live With Carrie Keagan Black Ink Crew Couples Therapy Hit The Floor Hollywood Exes La La's Full Court Life Love  Hip Hop Love  Hip Hop Atlanta Marrying the Game Miami Monkey Miss U Much Mob Wives Pop Up Video Rock Docs Saturday Night Live on VH1 That Metal Show The Gossip Table The Greatest T.I. and Tiny: The Family Hustle Top 20 Video Countdown Tough Love: Co-Ed VH1 News VH1 Storytellers Browse All Shows  Specials 2013 Do Something Awards Philly 4th Of July Jam O Music Awards Best Super Bowl Concert Ever 2012 VH1 Divas Celebrity Celebrity Gossip The Gossip Table Best Week Ever VH1 Blog Greatest Lists Movie Gossip Photos Music Artists.VH1 Behind The Music Greatest Lists Music Videos Philly 4th Of July Jam Pop Up Video VH1 Classic VH1 Soul VH1 Storytellers VH1 Top 20 VH1 Tuner Music Blog You Oughta Know Unplugged Artists.VH1 VH1 TV Schedule GO Web Follow Us: Photos Gossip Style Movies Best Week Ever The Gossip Table 10 Movies You Should Have Watched This Summer  Bikini Awards: Olivia Munn Vs. Claudia Jordan  The 10 Big Stories We'll Remember From Summer 2013  August 27th, 2013 | 9:30 am by Jordan Runtagh ( @JordanRuntagh ) Pass The Relish: Guess These Celebrity Hot Dog Legs! Theres a new trend sweeping the social media stream, and its called the hot-dog leg selfie! OK, its not exactly a new phenomenon to take a shot of your own bare legs jutting in front of you while kickin it at the beach or by a pool, but theyre definitely on the upswing thanks to the hilarious (and hilariously accurate) new Tumblr that gives the pose its name. Read more Tags: Guess the Celebrity , Heidi Klum , Jessica Alba , Rihanna 0 August 27th, 2013 | 9:00 am by Tia Williams ( @shakeyourbeauty ) Why You Trippin? 15 Celebs Caught Mid-Wipeout! What is it about people tripping? The panicked expression; the flailing, futile attempts to stop the tumble  its all so hilarious . Especially when celebs do it (they should be above falling, somehow, so its extra-funny). Here, we caught 15 stars in mid-tumble. Share a sick giggle with us at their expense! View Photo Gallery  Read more Tags: Eva Longoria , Emma Roberts , Jessica Simpson , Jennifer Lawrence , Rihanna 0 August 27th, 2013 | 8:45 am by Meghan O'Keefe ( @megsokay ) First Dibs: What Does Hannah Montanas Mom Think Of Miley Cyruss VMA Performance? Are Tina Fey and Amy Poehler going to host the Golden Globes again? Will Michael Fassbender ever do a romantic comedy? Why does David O. Russell love working with Jennifer Lawrence ? Read more Tags: Brooke Shields , Tina Fey , Jennifer Lawrence 0 August 26th, 2013 | 6:00 pm by Rahsheeda Ali Last Lap: Why Is Kate Gosselin Suing Her Ex-Husband? Bradley Cooper gets romantic in Paris, Alec Baldwin steps out with his baby daughter, and Shailene Woodley publicly debuts her new do at the VMAs . Read more Tags: Jon  Kate Plus 8 , Jon Gosselin , Kate Gosselin 0 August 26th, 2013 | 12:54 pm by Stacy Lambe ( @sllambe ) 10 Movies You Should Have Watched This Summer Its the last week of August and that means summer is coming to a close. The past few months have been filled many ups and several downs at the box office. Like every year, there are the highly-anticipated franchise films and always-talked about but never seen indie flicks. With at least two new films hitting theaters every weekend this summer, it was easy to miss a few. We rounded up the 10 films that you should go back and watch while you still can (or add them to your On Demand watch list). Read more Tags: end of summer 0 August 26th, 2013 | 12:42 pm by Sabrina Rojas Weiss ( @shalapitcher ) Olivia Munn Vs. Claudia Jordan: The Bikini Awards Finals Are Here! View Photo Gallery Of course, all the participants in the 2013 VH1 Bikini Awards were sizzling hot and deserving of your votes, but we are both thrilled and a little bit surprised about this years final matchup: model/host/reality TV vet Claudia Jordan vs. actress Olivia Munn . The devotion of these ladies fans is fierce! They trounced K.Michelle and Jennie Garth in the semifinals. So how will they do against each other? Read more Tags: Bikini Awards , Claudia Jordan , Olivia Munn 0 August 26th, 2013 | 10:00 am by Kate Spencer ( @katespencer ) Bottoms Up! Jake Johnson And Olivia Wilde Got Drunk On Real Beer In Drinking Buddies [ video unavailable on this device ] Theres something almost too accurate about Drinking Buddies , the new film from mumblecore king Joe Swanburg. The movie does a wonderful job exploring the simmering (and sometimes awkward) sexual tension between two brewery co-workers, played by Jake Johnson and Olivia Wilde . All the drunk conversations and inebriated, awkward moments just felt a bit too authentic, too close to conversations weve had after tossing back a pint or 10. And now we know the reason why! Read more Tags: New Girl , Olivia Wilde , Jake Johnson , Drinking Buddies 0 August 26th, 2013 | 8:45 am by Meghan O'Keefe ( @megsokay ) First Dibs: Is Lamar Odom Missing On A Drug Bender? Is Prince Harry going to marry Cressida Bonas ? Who are going to be the next featured players on Saturday Night Live ? You may have already seen the Divergent trailer, but did you catch everything? Read more Tags: Divergent , Prince Harry , Lamar Odom 0 August 26th, 2013 | 12:06 am by Sabrina Rojas Weiss ( @shalapitcher ) Divergent First Look: Does Theo James Get Everyones Approval? [ video unavailable on this device ] Whether or not you were already a fan of Divergent , we suspect the first look at the 2014 dystopian movie that aired during the VMA preshow made you take notice. Kate Winslet ! Maggie Q ! Shailene Woodley jumping off of buildings. And  who is that guy teaching her martial arts and kissing her? Oh, world. We hope youre really ready for Theo James . Read more Tags: Divergent , Veronica Roth , Neil Burger , Shailene Woodley , Theo James 0 August 25th, 2013 | 9:00 am by Sabrina Rojas Weiss ( @shalapitcher ) North West To DOMA: The 10 Big Stories Well Remember From Summer 2013 Maybe senility it setting in early, but there are some days when the celebrity news that seemed like a big deal at the time has faded into nonexistence in our memories (man, remember Will and Jayden Smith s crazy interviews? Or George Clooney and Stacy Keibler s breakup?). But when we look back upon the summer of 2013, there are some big stories that will be burned in our minds  some quite fondly, some with a slight SMH, and others with tears in our eyes. Here they are, in reverse order of lasting impact on our lives: Read more Tags: Summer 2013 , Lindsay Lohan , Amanda Bynes , Cory Monteith , Beyonce 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 >> Last Search for:  MUST-SEE VIDEOS [ video unavailable on this device ] The Mortal Instruments Cast On Female Fandoms Rooney Mara Is The Girl Who Sings In The Shower! Watch Amanda Bynes Dancing In The Streets MUST-SEE PHOTOS 20 Pics Of Intense Celebrity Duck Faces The 20 Hottest DILFs Of Summer 2013 20 Sexiest MILFs Of Summer 2013 A Complete Guide To True Blood Sex Scenes Justin Bieber Gets Naked, Pranks Grandma Audition Tapes: Before They Were Stars Rihanna Goes Topless...Again 12 Hot & Horrifying TV Nude Scenes VH1 CELEBRITY ON FACEBOOK MOST POPULAR Why You Trippin창? 15 Celebs Caught Mid-Wipeout! | Celebrity Gossip + Entertainment News | VH1 Celebr A Complete Index Of Celebrity Sex Tapes | Celebrity Gossip + Entertainment News | VH1 Celebrity - Pa Guess These Celebrity Hot Dog Legs! | Celebrity Gossip + Entertainment News | VH1 Celebrity Olivia Munn Vs. Claudia Jordan: The Bikini Awards Finals Are Here! | Celebrity Gossip + Entertainmen VOTE: Help VH1 Rank Our Favorite Fantasy Heroines | Celebrity Gossip + Entertainment News | VH1 Cele THE VH1 CELEBRITY TEAM Mark Graham Crystal Puccio Jordan Runtagh Sabrina Rojas Weiss SHOWS CELEBRITY MUSIC VIDEO SCHEDULE GO Web Visit VH1 On: Facebook Twitter Google + Tumblr Instagram foursquare Pinterest Youtube VH1 Sites Basketball Wives Love & Hip Hop Mob Wives T.I. & Tiny VH1 Celebrity Top 20 Countdown VH1 Blog Tuner Blog VH1 Classic VH1 Mobile Best Week Ever Stay Connected VH1 on Facebook VH1 on Twitter VH1 on Tumblr VH1 on Google+ Newsletters Add RSS Headlines Corporate Jobs Advertising Contacts Rhapsody.com Partners Public Affairs VH1 Press Terms/Policy Help/FAQ Terms Of Use Privacy Policy/Your CA Privacy Rights (updated 12/02/11) Copyright Compliance Policy Social Project Privacy Statement Social Project Terms of Use User Content Submission Agreement Closed Captioning Contact   