 [ CALENDARSUBMISSIONS | ADVERTISING | DULUTHPOSTERING | CONTACT | FB ] A PDF version of this week's Transistor is available for download here: transistormag.com/transistor .  TRANSISTOR Duluth, Minnesota and Superior, Wisconsin. Arts andentertainment events calendar. Music in the Twin Ports. Arts by Lake Superior.The Transistor is published every Monday to over 70 high-traffichotspots in Duluth and Superior, including: Fitger's Brewhouse, CarmodyIrish Pub, Hacienda Del Sol, Pizza Luce, R.T. Quinlan's, the ElectricFetus, Global Village, Ragstock, Amazing Grace Bakery  Cafe,Last Place On Earth, Vintage Duluth, Red Star Lounge, Rex Bar atFitger's, Sir Ben's, the Reef, Dunn Brothers Coffee, Jimi John's, Mr. Movies, At Sara's Table/ Chester Creek Cafe, Downtown Live, Burrito Union, Blue Crab Bar, Whole Foods Co-op, Last ChanceLiquor, UMD (University of Minnesota - Duluth), LakeSuperior College, UWS (University of Wisconsin - Superior) WisconsinIndianhead Technical College, Fond du Lac College, College of St.Scholastica, Music-Go-Round, Disc-Go-Round, Beaner's Central, DamageInc., Jitter's Coffeehouse, Red Mug Coffeehouse, J.T.'s Bar and Grill,The Main Club, Thirsty Pagan Brewing Co., Bev's Jook Joint, AnchorBar, Norm's Beer and Brats, the Capri Bar, and the NorShor Theatre. The Transistor, in conjunction withDuluth Postering and Ann Martin Counselor-At-Love Presentssponsors and supports the Home Grown Music Festival, the FreedomFestival, Red Lion Winter Riot, Rock  Roll Kamakazi,Anti-Valentine's Day, One Week Live, Spirit Lake Poetry Series, GalleryHop, Duluth-Superior Pride and Bone Appetit. The Transistor is a proud sponsor of KUMD's regional music program, The Local, and KUMD's weekly event calendar. THEHUBBUB The Transistor is Duluths best, free entertainment magazine with 1,000copies distributed every Monday to over 50 high-traffic distributionpoints throughout Duluth, MN and Superior, WI. Edgy, colorful and irreverent,the Transistor is written for residents and visitors who are lookingfor art and entertainment in the Twin Ports. Theatre, dance, music,food and nightlife share the spotlight with weekly local humor columnsand original comics. Transistor's comprehensive local arts entertainment event calendar features an array of traditional andoutsider events, appealing to a wide audience. Limited calendar space,combined with a crack team of event researchers, and active hunting forthose hidden entertainment gems makes this the go-to event calendar forDuluth/Superiornot something to be taken lightly among anentertainment-oriented audience that demands credible and relevantinformation that they will put to use all week long. Every weekfeatures top-notch local writers who cover a variety of timely,alternative topics, with a distinctive, bitingly funny voice: TopPicksthe Transistor's best bets on entertainmentand local culture for the weekGettin' Ripped by Slim Goodbuzz, All Bets Off by MarkLindquist, Curmudgeon's Corner by Russ Stewart, Make\Out by Ann Klefstad, The Next Level by Paul Lundgren,CTRL+ALT+Duluth by Michael Kooi, John's Advice Column by John Ramos and Novelty Theaterby Jim Richardson & Alan Richardson. The Transistor rotatesthe clever, original and eye-catching comix of The Guys Who Never Stop Fighting, The SlightlyExaggerated True History of Abraham Lincoln, Double Your Efforts, the work of Luke Holden and upcoming featured illustrators.  The Transistor is available at high foot-trafficentertainment areas like UMD, historic  greater downtownDuluth, Canal Park, UWS, Tower Avenue in Superior as well as musicstores, bookstores, restaurants, nightlife venues and hippie grocerystores.  Free circulation allows the Transistor todirectly target an entertainment-oriented and progressive audiencewhere these adults live, work and play. The eight-page format,designed for optimal counter space visibility and portability, encourages tourists and localsalike to pick one up and put it in their pockets to read at their leisure. FINITEADSPACE Transistor ad rates are irresistibly inexpensive (starting at $35/week with ad design included). Add to that limited advertising space and you get more bang for your buck. There is simply no way readers can miss your ad every time they consult the calendar throughout the week. DULUTH POSTERING The Transistor offers the Duluth Postering postering service for theDuluth/Superior area. With a quick turnaround and a reasonable fee ($30) wecan guarantee your special event materials will reach valuable eyes at40 locations throughout the area, including West, East, Downtown andthe Hillside in Duluth; Tower Avenue and UWS in Superior, plus hightraffic locations at LSC and CSS. Promote your event and save some timewhile youre at it. Please note that printing pricing is subject to paper type,quantity, etc. We support arts and music and entertainment in the Zenith City. 