 , you may be eligible for a $0.00 annual Barry University scholarship! Acknowledge skip to content Barry University Department of Fine Arts Art (BFA, BA) Search Barry University Barry Home About Barry Contact Us Fine Arts Art BFA/BA Photography BFA/BA Photography MFA/MA Music BM/BA Theatre BFA/BA Student Gallery Calendar About the Program Faculty Admissions Financial Aid Barry University College of Arts and Sciences Department of Fine Arts Art (BFA, BA) myBarry Login Create Account Create admissions profile Check on application status Admissions Apply Now Request Information Ask Us a Question Schedule a Visit Links Faculty Gallery Connect with us Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Art (BFA, BA) The Studio Art program prepares majors for their future lives as professionals in the field of art and for advanced study at the graduate level. The classes are designed to foster individual growth in an integrated academic studio environment. The Bachelor of Fine Arts (B.F.A.) is respected as the professional degree for Fine Arts. Courses are recommended for non-majors who wish to enrich their lives and develop new skills and for students who wish to minor in Art or Art History. The major in Art offers two degrees: Bachelor of Fine Arts and Bachelor of Arts Bachelor of Fine Arts (B.F.A.) in Studio Art, requiring 24 credits of the core curriculum, plus 30 credits of art electives and 6 credits of art history electives. Bachelor of Fine Arts (B.F.A.) in Graphic Design, requiring 21 credits of the core curriculum, plus 33 credits of art electives and 3 credits of art history electives. Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Studio Art, requiring 24 credits of the core curriculum, plus 12 credits of art electives and 3 credits of art history electives. Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Art History, requiring 27 credits of the core curriculum, plus 12 credits of art history electives and 6 credits of art history cognate courses or approved substitutes. Oh oh .... We are sorry but it appears that JavaScript is disabled on your browser. Our site is very interactive and it requires JavaScript to be enabled. Click on the link below for instructions on how to enable JavaScript on your browser. Enable JavaScript on your browser About Barry Contact us Career opportunities Locations Accreditation Privacy Policy Copyright Department of Fine Arts 11300 NE 2nd Avenue, Miami Shores, FL 33161-6695 Phone number: 305-899-3100 Toll-free: 1-800-695-2279 E-mail: admissions@mail.barry.edu 2010-2013 Barry University. All Rights Reserved. skip to top 