 Online Auto Repair | Diy Car Repairs | Automobile Information Home Blog Auto Repair Car Repair Help Diagnosis Tips Disc brake diagnosis Website Policies Contact Form Auto Service Manuals Engine Belt Diagrams Car Repair Help Always remember that car repair help is available for professional technicians as well as do it yourself driveway mechanics. Yes, even professional mechanics like myself that have 25 years of hands-on experience may need help with specific model car repair at times. It is not a sign of weakness it's just the reality of the complicated vehicles on the road today! We call them hotline services , and they provide answers to car problems by telephone or email. Now you can get the same type of assistance by posting to a message board monitored by Certified and tested technicians. This is designed for Diy auto repair mechanics. Ask Your Car Questions Type your car question here. letters left Auto repair help for mechanics This type of auto repair help is most common at the dealership level where the manufacturers provide help by telephone for their factory trained technicians. It is the manufacturers responsibility to make sure that their service departments are able to satisfy their car purchasing customers by fixing cars . This is critical for customer retention which is the most important function of any service department. Some vehicle manufacturers also have a phone modem system that can transmit computer information from the car to the support center. Basically the vehicle's diagnostic system is connected to this modem, and then uploaded to the assistance center. Even independent auto repair shops are able to get repair information and guidance by phone. These are usually expensive subscriptions that will guarantee a resolution to the individual auto repair shops, car repair problems. Sometimes this service is nicknamed as the last chance garage . Car repair help for the general public As do-it-yourself car repair becomes more popular so are independent car forums. Some of these automobile forums, allow owners to post auto repair questions and then the online community will post answers to that question. The problem with this method is that the people that answer the questions may have good intentions but may not actually be knowledgeable about the subject. The old saying is if you want good information, you have to pay for it. And this may be the case. If you go onto an automotive forum and post your car repair question you never know who will be answering that question or if they are steering you in the right direction. I belong to a car repair forum that is a completely different. The mechanics that answer the car questions are tested and registered with the service before they are allowed access to the message board. If they claim to be a certified mechanic they must present those documents before they can make these statements. The service is completely free for do-it-yourself auto repair mechanics to post questions. It is asked that you pay between five and $10 to the professional technician that actually helps you fix your problem. This means that you do not pay them unless you are completely satisfied. To find out more about this service and to submit a automobile repairs question, visit my secure page that contains a online submission form and offers high quality car repair help . For more information about what is covered on this unique automotive repairing website visit the homepage. You can also find out more about the Certified Master Mechanic that put together this online auto repair site.  