 (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1"; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); SSBBW Magazine: An online magazine written by and for SSBBWs.  Store Recommend Newsletter Share Monthly Features Home An SSBBWs World Acceptance Fashion/Beauty Arts/Entertainment Health/Fitness Health at Every Size The Funny Bone An FA's View Literature SSBBW Blogs Features Forums Visit Our Store Meet the Staff Resources/Links Archives Romance Scams SSBBW What is SSBBW ? To understand SSBBW you first need to know what BBW is. This stands for Big Beautiful Woman. A term used extensively on the internet for large women. SSBBW is for those typically larger than most and stands for Super Size BBW. Other terms commonly used are BHM for Big Handsome Man and FA for Fat Admirer. Feedjit Live Blog Stats Issue August 2013 Our Mission With each issue, we plan to offer educational and entertaining articles, inspiration, motivation, advice, super-size clothing sources, recipes, tips on how to cope with our size, and so much more. We even have a section dedicated to FAs written by FAs and a forum for keeping in touch with our new friends. We would like to thank you for your support and wonderful comments. We are continually striving to make this magazine better and to offer the best information, advice, and inspiration to you. asa removedShareWant to know when a new issue is online? Subscribe to our newsletter.Want to help SSBBW Magazine keep going? SSBBW / FA Quote of the Moment "Fat girls are attractive and fantastic, There are so many things about them that are terrific. Their character is gentle, affectionate and unique. I just love their enchanting bounteous physique!" ~ Phil Moore [FA - Poet]  ARTS / ENTERTAINMENT Reviews of movies, tv shows and ssbbw/bbw art and artists Do you know of a movie or tv show that features ssbbw/bbw that you'd like us to review? Or perhaps you want to write a review yourself and see it in print! Or maybe you know of some great ssbbw/bbw art you want us to showcase. Let us know at info@ssbbw-magazine.com . In honor of National American Indian Heritage Month , we "re-introduce" you to Debora Iyall: rock icon, artist, teacher, and Cowlitz Native American. Born in 1954, Iyall is most closely associated with the town of Fresno, CA where her family moved when she was a young child. Forming the band Romeo Void with fellow San Francisco Art Institute students, 1979 saw Debora stepping forward boldly to front the New Wave band. Her laconic delivery instantly gained recognition for the band and in 1982, the song "Never Say Never" become a college hit and rock classic. But beyond her musical work is a dedicated artist. As an instructor at both the the 29 Palms Cultural Center and for the Arts Council For San Bernardino, Iyall's bold style has been described as "dream-like" and "post-icongraphic symbolistic". Although Romeo Void regrouped in 1995, it was a brief appearance and Debora has continued to record music on her own and in collaboration. So take a moment to learn more about a strong, unique BBW whose unapologetic stance led the way for plus-sized female performers like Adele and Alison Moyet. 1980s Classics Bursting onto the 80s New Wave scene with the band, Romeo Void, Debora Iyall broke all the conventional rules of the 1980s female singer. While seminal icons like Heart were adapting to record company pressures, and hiding Anne Wilson in videos, Debra was front and center in videos for songs like "Never Say Never" and "A Girl In Trouble (Is a Temporary Thing)". Watch videos for "Never Say Never" and "A Girl in Trouble (Is a Temporary Thing)" Artwork Post 80s Music Reverb Nation   Songs: - Watching the Detective - A Girl in Trouble - Letting - 99 Last FM Songs: - When I Go Blue - Bring It - Tell Me Why Written by: Anita Williams "A life without love is like a year without summer." ~Swedish Proverb "Be intent upon the perfection of the present day." ~William Law Contact Us | 2007-2013 SSBBW Magazine 