 Humor articles directory   Web AnyArticles.com    Arts and Entertainment articles > Subcategories Casino Gambling (1278) Humanities (389) Humor (306) Language (112) Music (1056) Philosophy (184) Photography (624) Poetry (331) Categories :  Arts and Entertainment Automotive Business Communications Computers and Technology Finance Food and Drink Health and Fitness Home and Family Home Based Business Internet and Businesses Online Kids and Teens Legal News and Society Recreation and Sports Reference and Education Self Improvement Shopping and Product Reviews Travel and Leisure Womens Interests Writing and Speaking Random Category Health sites Negotiation Politics Category : Arts and Entertainment articles > Humor : (306 articles, page 2)  Humor articles list Labor Day Cards - Get Free Labour Day Cards, 2008 Calendar, Horoscopes and Romantic Cards May 1st is celebrated as International Labor Day all over the world. This day especially belongs to the ‘working man’ in the most traditional sense. This year it falls on Thursday. Labor Day Cards are famous all over with people gifting one another, ... 26 reviews, Author : kundan The Love Guru Forget animated characters, Mike Myers is back in his first original role since Austin Powers and he doesn’t disappoint. The Love Guru is a thinly veiled homage to Deepak Chopra, focusing on the travails of one guru who has to break a curse, reunite ... 27 reviews, Author : David Done What Makes Funny Babies Funny? How come? Babies are comical. Babies in the jungle are just as funny as babies anywhere else. They hit the funny bone of most everyone anywhere. Babies poop, pee, puke, drool, pass gas and we roar with laughter. If an adult did it, we would be offen... 76 reviews, Author : Bermuda Hills Development Writing Institute If It Smells Like a Skunk My wife and I were having breakfast one Sunday morning when a ruckus erupted from under the mud room step A hurried investigation ended in the garage with the most God awful stink I had ever experienced. My eyes watered and our noses burned as our... 43 reviews, Author : Kenneth Hoffman Boogers The Booger cheer: Pick it! Lick it! Roll it! Flick it!In an effort to explain my fascination with this “boogery subject” I will recount a story to you. There was a little girl who loved to read and she found, in a book of poetry, a children’s boog... 33 reviews, Author : Becky Simpson To Make and Break! "What is your New Year Resolution?"This was perhaps the nth time I was asked this question.Considering the progress we make every year on these resolutions, what kind of. People look at me as if I am some strange creature when I say I do not fram... 22 reviews, Author : HPriya Sivan Keeping Manfred Clean Marianne was twelve and her brother, Manfred, was four growing up in 1947 Germany. Getting all dressed up for a nice dinner in a restaurant with friends, Manfred looked cute in his tan and white vertically striped short sleeved shirt and matching ... 37 reviews, Author : Kenneth Hoffman Manfred Goes to the Country In nineteen forty five, World War II was declared officially over. Displaced German soldiers were being rounded up and homeless families had to find new places to live. Marianne, ten, and her brother Manfred, two and a half, were sent along with ... 35 reviews, Author : Kenneth Hoffman Dog and Cat Party Fun It's my party and I'll cry if I want to - la la, la la la. Okay, so I don't know the words to the song but I do know bringing a dog or cat to a party needs to be approved first by the party host. Double check the front of the party invitation, wh... 23 reviews, Author : Gail Leino When Nervous Turns to Scared All seventeen-year-olds know everything. Just ask them. I had two weeks to learn a twelve page pamphlet on the rules of driving and I actually tried to learn them. Some of the instructions I didn't really understand but I was reluctant to ask for h... 34 reviews, Author : Kenneth Hoffman The Day The Toilet Bit Me In my memory it was just another day, like any other in Florida during the late summer. Heat blazed from the sun soon after it suddenly popped out of the water and took command of the sky with its presence. I was four and a half years old and had e... 35 reviews, Author : Becky Simpson Getting Rid of a Bad Hair Day Have you ever got up and planned an important day only to find your hair will not cooperate at all? It just looks like crap? There is nothing you can do and everything you try makes it worse. So you just start all over and try it again? Still the s... 47 reviews, Author : Lance Winslow Skidmarks - Everybody Gets Em Face it, potty humor and bathroom jokes make us all laugh becausethey poke fun at embarrassing experiences that all can appreciate.Everybody has glanced down with dismay into their undies at one point or another, only to be confronted with "th... 30 reviews, Author : Mike Rich Re-incarnation is Real Let’s face it reincarnation is a very interesting concept indeed. I was recently talking with a gentleman about how Re-incarnation is an interesting belief and he explained the Hindus belief and how everything works and what happens to us when we d... 38 reviews, Author : Lance Winslow Hey Dog Whats Up? Well, recently I have gotten in with the really hip crowd and they are so cool. The first thing that happened is they gave me a nick-name; Dog. They say “Hey Dog What’s Up?” Then that is my cue to say; “Nutten, whaaaaz up wit u?” Pretty cool isn’t... 44 reviews, Author : Lance Winslow Compromised Positions There is no denying that the sports business these days is awash in bright lights ...Quite often, though, the same can't be said for the people or practices involved.The passage of time, the fading of origins and the constant superseding of slang... 1 reviews, Author : J Square Humboldt Angry Chicken Disease Peril to Chicken Soup Industry The first suspected case of angry chicken disease in the United States was reported Tuesday and threatens to devastate the country's $98 billion chicken soup industry.A Holstein chicken from a farm in Manhattan was found to have the disease. The U... 9 reviews, Author : Cy Yablonsky Making 2006, Like, a Big Deal and Stuff The new year is approaching us, and that means that most people are thinking about the resolution that sounds the most impressive to others and yet is also simultaneously the easiest to break. Meanwhile, I am thinking about some changes that I bel... 14 reviews, Author : Greg Gagliardi Let Me Drive You Home From the Gas Station People never seem to amaze me. And by that I mean that people amaze me once in a while, and the rest of the time I try to remain unimpressed -- and usually succeed. Take this evening, for example: after getting gas in my car -- and keep in mind ... 14 reviews, Author : Greg Gagliardi New York City is the Center of the Universe New York, NY - It was discovered yesterday that New York is, indeed, the center of the Universe. Pooling the resources of the American Astrophysics Association, NASA, and We Are The World (NYC, that is), the four-year study analyzed the gravitation... 2 reviews, Author : Cy Yablonsky A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (NY) It was discovered, last Monday, that a tree has grown in Brooklyn, NY. Amazed residents stared dumbfounded at the three-year-old sapling. Two girls discovered the North American Honey Birch (Honeyus Bircheus) on the way to school."At first I thoug... 11 reviews, Author : Cy Yablonsky They Are Finally Revealed In a stunning development "They" have finally been revealed. As the source of incredible amounts of information, sometimes true and sometimes not, "They" are considered the experts in almost all fields. Comments like "They say to do this," and, "Th... 0 reviews, Author : Cy Yablonsky Old Age Isnt For Sissies It must have been more than 25 years ago when I first saw that bumper sticker. "Cute," I chuckled to myself, "What will they think of next?" (How about "Whirled Peas"?)Now in my fifties, I'm learning first hand what they're talking about. From the... 11 reviews, Author : Anita Cross The Alternating Traffic Merge Amendment to the Constitution Forget the Marriage Amendment, President Bush. Forget the Torture Amendment, Senator McCain. Forget Campaign Reform Legislation, Congress. Forget overturning Roe vs. Wade, Pat Robertson. Forget all that stuff. Scrap it. We need to come together and... 5 reviews, Author : Robert Crane Aliens Are Among Us It can now be revealed.They’re taking over the world. They’re living and working among us.The aliens of the Tranisiuc.This is no drill. This is the real McCoy. I’m telling the world in the hope we can do something before it’s too late.I saw thi... 6 reviews, Author : John Sammon Pages : [<<] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 [>>] AnyArticles.com | Add article | Manage Articles | Top Rated articles | Most Reviewed articles | Contact us | Links 