 Maps  Directions About Harvard Square Join HSBA Contact HSBA Sign-Up for Harvard Square Deals News Rss Events Rss Search: August 27, 2013 Harvard Square Home ARTS AND ENTERTAINMENT ACCOMMODATIONS RESTAURANTS SHOPS SERVICES NEWS HISTORY EVENTS PARKING  Bored? There is never a shortage of Arts  Entertainment in Harvard Square!  In addition to an exciting and colorful street scene, Harvard Square boasts over  40 cultural organizations. From The Donkey Show to Riversing, sort here to find your  pleasure... Printer Friendly   Narrow Your Entertainment Choices: Narrow by category... Comedy  Nightclubs Dance Instruction Festivals  Annual Events Galleries  Museums Movie Theaters Music Performance Groups Readings  Lectures Sporting Street Performers Theater  Dance Tourist Info The Mystery Lounge A live experience of magic and comedy featuring some of the top magicians and comedians in the country.Every Tuesday 8:00pm - 10:00pm ... Actors' Shakespeare Project The Actors Shakespeare Project presents Shakespeare as a playwright urgently relevant to our own times, whose plays are essential to the cultural life of any great city. We bring these plays to the audiences of greater Boston through intimate, site-specific, ... American Repertory Theater The American Repertory Theater (A.R.T.) seeks to expand the boundaries of theater, exploring the best texts from across cultures and ages. A resident company of professional artists, teachers, technicians, and administrators, the A.R.T. provides a home for outstanding directors, a ... Bay State Fencers Bay State Fencers is a permenant facilty dedicated to the sport of fencing and is home to fencers of all ages and athletic abilities from the neighborhoods of Cambridge, Somerville and Boston. Bay State Fencers is a full service fencing ... Blue Heron Renaissance Choir Blue Heron is a professional vocal ensemble that combines a commitment to vivid live performance with the study of original source materials and historical performance practice. Blue Herons principal repertoire interests are fifteenth-century English and Franco-Flemish polyphony, ranging from Dunstable ... Brattle Theatre The Brattle Theatre screens the best in classic, international, cult and independent cinema. Our eclectic programming features something for everyone and can always be relied upon to intrigue, entertain and educate. Check out our website or come by the theatre ... Cambridge Artists Cooperative Gallery Hours:Mon-Sat 10am-6pmThu 10am-8pmSun 1-6pm(during the summer: Fri-Sat 10am-7pm)Christmas Holiday Hours: Mon-Sat 10am-9pm; Sun 1-6pmEstablished in 1988, the Cambridge Artists Cooperative Gallery (CAC Gallery) is the only year round artists owned and managed crafts cooperative in the Boston-Cambridge area. The ... Cambridge Arts Council The Cambridge Arts Council (CAC) is the official arts agency for the City of Cambridge, MA. Established by City ordinance in 1974 and incorporated as a public non-profit in 1976, CAC's mission is to ensure that the arts remain vital ... Cambridge Carnival International Cambridge Carnival International is a colorful city-wide festive celebration that is rooted in African traditions.The festival, will celebrate it's 18th yearon September 12,2010,is considered a Cambridge Institution attracting over 150,000spectators.The highlight of the festival is a grand costume parade accompanied ... Cambridge Society for Early Music To aid in promoting the musical education of the general public through the study and performance of music composed prior to the nineteenth century, including sponsoring and providing concerts of early music in the finest possible performances and at the ... Cambridge Symphony Orchestra Established in 1975, the Cambridge Symphony Orchestra is a community music organization that provides a welcoming environment for players and audiences through outstanding concerts, events and social action. Our over 70 musicians and audiences hail from Cambridge, Arlington, Somerville, and ... Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts The Carpenter Center, on the east side of Quincy street between the Faculty Club and the Fogg Art Museum, is the only building on the North American continent designed by the famous French architect Le Corbusier. Despite the controversy over ... Choir of St. Paul’s Church Harvard Square St. Paul's Church Harvard Square is home to one of very few traditional choirs of boys and men in the USA. The Choir is supported by the only Roman Catholic Boys Choir School in America, catering to boys in grades ... Fresh Pond Ballet Fresh Pond Ballet is a school offering training in ballet beginning with pre-ballet for three year olds and progressing through numerous levels to teens and adults. We also offer pointe for advanced dancers. Nina Rubinstein Alonso is a well known ... Grolier Poetry Book Shop The Grolier Poetry Book Shop celebrates its 75th anniversary this year! We stock current publications of poetry and its concerns (books, cassettes, periodicals, reference volumes) with some 16000 volumes.Hours of operation: Tues. and Wed. : 11am-7pm Thurs.-Saturday: 11am-6pm Closed Sunday ... Harvard Art Museums PLEASE NOTE THAT THE HARVARD ART MUSEUMS (FOGG, BUSCH-REISINGER AND THE SACKLER) WILL BE CLOSED UNTIL THE FALL OF 2014The Harvard Art Museums, among the worlds leading art institutions, comprise three museums (Fogg, Busch-Reisinger, and Arthur M. Sackler) and four ... Harvard Athletics The Harvard Department of Athletics is committed to providing Athletics for All Students. Competitive and recreational athletics are an integral part of the educational process and experience. Students should have opportunities to participate and compete as appropriate to their interest ... Harvard Box Office Box office for Harvard University Theaters and Performances. The Box Office iss operated by the Memorial Hall/Lowell Hall Complex under the auspicies of the Faculty of Arts  Sciences and the Office for the Arts at Harvard. Phone hours: Monday-Friday: ... Harvard Museum of Natural History Explore 12,000 specimens drawn from Harvards vast research collections at the University's most visited museum -- dinosaurs, meteorites, rare minerals, and hundreds of prehistoric and current-day animals from around the globe. Get close to the worlds only mounted Kronosaurus, a ... Harvard-Radcliffe Dramatic Club The Harvard-Radcliffe Dramatic Club is entirely student-run and has been the umbrella organization for campus theater at Harvard since 1908, producing a variety of plays, musicals, operettas, and other performances each semester. Please go to our website (www.hrdctheater.com) for information ... Hasty Puddings Theatricals The Hasty Pudding Theatricals have presented their unique brand of student-written theater every year since 1891, the only exceptions being for World Wars I and II. This year, HPT proudly presents its 158th production. ... Head Of The Charles Regatta The 44th Head Of The Charles will take place on October18  19, 2008 along the Charles River in Cambridge and Boston. The 3 mile course begins at the Boston Univ. Bridge and ends at Herter Park. Over 6,000 male ... Holyoke Center Exhibition Space ... Jose Mateo's Ballet Theatre Founded in 1986, Jose Mateo's Ballet Theatre is Greater Boston's second largest professional ballet company and school. Under the direction of Founder / Artistic Director Jose Mateo, the organization has earned a distinctive reputation for high quality programming and artistic ... Longy School of Music of Bard College Music school for all ages: Preparatory Studies for children ages 1-18, including a complete music curriculum of lessons, ensembles, theory; Continuing Studies for adults, including private lessons, ensembles, courses, workshops; world renowned Conservatory division for pre-professional musicians. The school also ... New England Folk Music Archives The New England Folk Music Archives preserves, promotes and documents the ongoing cultural legacy of folk music and its connections to New England through education, collaboration and entertainment.Based on collections from the 1960's era folk revival stretching to the present ... New School of Music Welcome!Founded in 1976 by the celebrated pianist, composer and educator, Nicholas Van Slyck, Cambridges New School of Music has established a lasting reputation for high-quality music instruction open to all ability levels and ages. Our faculty members have the highest ... OBERON OBERON is the American Repertory Theaters (A.R.T) theatrical club space at the intersection of Arrow Street and Massachusetts Avenue.For more nformation on A.R.T. programs and events http://www.amrep.org ... Panorama Magazine PANORAMA, The Official Guide to Boston, has been a visitor resource for over fifty years. Every two weeks, Panorama serves up the most current information on entertainment, cultural attractions, dining and more. Panorama can be found everywhere - at over ... Passim Passim, a nonprofit arts organization, creates an interactive and inspiring music experience for all, building a vibrant community for artists, students and audience members through its legendary listening venue and school of music.Established as the Club 47 in 1958 and ... Pro Arte Chamber Orchestra of Boston, Inc. Pro Arte Chamber Orchestra of Boston is an innovative, musician-run orchestra that brings a creative mix of classical and new music to the concert stage while truly reaching out to the community. Pro Arte is New England's only professional cooperative ... Revels Founded in 1971 by musician/educator John Langstaff, Revels is the producer of the annual holiday favorite The Christmas Revels, a unique winter solstice celebration entering its 42nd season at Harvard University's Sanders Theatre. Revels performances and seasonal celebrations feature traditional ... Scullers Jazz Club at the Doubletree Suites by Hilton Hotel Boston For 15 years the legendary Scullers Jazz Club has played host to the biggest names in straight ahead, Latin and contemporary jazz, as well as blues, soul, RB, cabaret and world music.Past and present performers include Harry Connick Jr., Jane ... SQUAWK! Coffeehouse Squawk is one of the off-beatest, most eclectic, schizolithically elevating and open open mikes in the country. Located in the heart of Harvard Square, Cambridge, MA, it embraces all who come through its swinging wooden doors every Thursday night from ... Street Arts and Buskers Advocates Street Arts and Buskers Advocates cultivates ongoing fundamental relationships between artists and communities by celebrating self-expression as a basic human right essential for the healthy growth of youth, individuals and communities.The Street Arts  Buskers Advocates publishes model street performance ... The Comedy Studio The Comedy Studio is located at the top of the Hong Kong Restaurant in Harvard Square and is open Wednesday thru Sunday. Shows start at 8pm and are priced between $7 and $9, unless otherwise noted.New American menu and bar ... The Dance Complex Located in the historic Odd Fellows Hall, in Cambridge, MA; The Dance Complex is a volunteer based, artist run organization dedicated to promoting, advancing, and sponsoring artistic endeavors, creative work and education in dance and the movement arts. The Dance ... The Peabody Museum of Archaeology  Ethnology From towering totem poles and large Maya sculptures to precious artifacts of the ancient world, the Peabody Museum at Harvard exhibits six continents of world culture just a short walk from Harvard Square. The Peabody is known for its extensive ... The Regattabar The Regattabar opened on January 29, 1985 and since then it has become the leading jazz club not only in Boston, but New England as well. Boston magazine bestowed its Best of Boston award thirteen times naming The Regattabar Best ... The Sinclair The Bowery Presents: Boston and Consulting Chef Michael Schlow are at the helm of The Sinclair, two distinct spaces that house a live-music venue and American kitchen with gastropub influences. Hosting over 200 shows, and open for lunch, dinner and ...  Arts  Entertainment | Harvard Square Hotels | Restaurants | Shops | Services | News | Events | Parking HarvardSquare.com Site Map/Business Directory | Harvard Square Business Association | History of Harvard Square  Follow us on Twitter  Find us on Facebook News Rss Events Rss Harvard Square Business Association 18 Brattle Street, Suite 352 Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138 Tel: (617) 491-3434 Fax: (617) 491-6976 Email: hsba@harvardsquare.com Staff: Denise Jillson , Executive Director William Manley , Marketing and Events Manager Copyright 1996-2013. Harvard Square Business Association. All rights reserved. 