 Skip Navigation Close WEBCAMS Click a thumbnail to open that camera. Malibu East Chapel and Ampitheatre Athletics Complex Malibu West WEATHER Malibu Campus 70 Partly Cloudy 2 Day Forecast Tue Sunny 65/82 Wed Sunny 65/83 Thu Sunny 67/83 Fri AM Clouds/PM Sun 66/79 Sat AM Clouds/PM Sun 63/76 Full Forecast at Yahoo! Weather CAMPUS MAP View the Virtual Malibu Campus Map  Pepperdine University Contact Us | A-Z Index About Seaver Mission A Place of Faith Presidents Message Deans Office Seaver Board of Visitors Seaver Parents Association Employment Opportunities Giving Back Maps and Locations Virtual Campus Map Academics Programs and Divisions Majors  Minors Academic Advising Academic Calendar Academic Catalog Academic Integrity Center for Teaching and Learning Schedules General Education Graduation Meet the Faculty University Libraries Admission Apply Now Financial Information Request Information Visit Campus Learn More International Students Graduate Students Parents Counselors Student Life Calendar Dean of Students Housing and Community Living Judicial Affairs Spiritual Activities Student Activities Student Handbook Student Health and Counseling Student Services Technology Services Athletics Alumni Welcome Serve Stay Connected Resources News  Events Seaver College News Events Calendar Media Inquiries RSS Feeds Contact Information Fine Arts Division Art Art History Music Theatre Contact Our Division  Welcome to Pepperdine University's Fine Arts Division Nestled within the Santa Monica Mountains surrounded by vistas of the Pacific Ocean and with the entertainment capital of the world only moments away, Pepperdine University is the ideal setting to harness one's creative potential. The Division of Fine Arts at Pepperdine University in Malibu, California offers excellent training in the disciplines of Studio Art, Art History, Music and Theatre Arts. Pepperdine University is grounded in the context of the Liberal Arts tradition and the Fine Arts Division is led by a renowned group of faculty who are revered in their fields as practicing scholars, artists and teachers. Our graduates continue to distinguish themselves as evidenced by their successful admission into graduate programs in such institutions as the New England Conservatory of Music, Julliard School of Music, American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco, National Theatre Conservatory in Denver, Yale University, Claremont Graduate University, and Cal Arts. Many students are currently working as actors, stage managers, professional musicians, professional artists, and educators. Art History graduates have also achieved distinction working in prominent galleries and museums worldwide. We welcome you to look over the information on our website and explore what the Division of Fine Arts has to offer. You will find the information required in order to apply for and audition for study in the arts should you desire to major in one of the represented fields. You will also find information about other ways of being involved. We encourage you to plan a visit to our campus so that you will be able to learn firsthand what we offer in the arts. Related Links Center for the Arts Visit Campus International Programs Request Admission Information Did You Know 75% of Seaver College students receive some form of financial assistance. Seaver College Home | Pepperdine University Home | Giving to Seaver | Contact Us | Subscribe to RSS Feeds  24255 Pacific Coast Highway, Malibu, CA 90263 | Phone: 310.506.4000 Copyright  Pepperdine University 2013 | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Web Feedback | Emergency Information 