 generated 69 seconds agogenerated in 5.497 secondsserved from batcache in 0.003 secondsexpires in 231 seconds Follow @s2smag Tuesday, August 27 Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Entertainment Entertainment News Films Music TV Videos News Living Fashion and Style Beauty Food About Us Exclusives In Print Subscribe  Toya Wright denies Tiny beef Toya Wright and her homegirl are as tight as ever, even though the rumor mill would have you believe differently. Full Story   Erica Dixon calls out Momma Dee Erica Dixon is still a little mad that Momma Dee refused to leave the “LHHA” season 2 reunion when there was a family emergency. Full Story   Robin regrets performing with Miley? Robin Thicke might be having some second thoughts about his decision to get on stage with Miley Cyrus at the 2013 VMAs Sunday. Full Story   Daily Buzz 8.27.13 Jason Derulo gets down on one knee for Jordin Sparks, VH1 drops new TLC biopic trailer, Queen Latifah teases Will Smith talk show appearance and more! Full Story   Photos: Monicas baby shower Monica and Shannon Brown were thinking pink as they celebrated the impending arrival of their baby girl over the weekend! Full Story   D.Woods supports Danity Kane reunion Even though she wasn’t part of it, D.Woods was just as excited for Danity Kane’s reunion announcement as the fans were. Full Story  Previous Next Music Did R.Kelly sleep with K.Michelle? R.Kelly had to do a little online cleanup work after he implied that he and K.Michelle may have slept together at some point. K.Michelle has News Black group reports discrimination by North Carolina restaurant After waiting hours for service, a group of African Americans was taken aback when managers of a Wild Wings Cafe refused to seat them for Entertainment K.Michelle talks Delta Sigma Theta, being a role model Unlike some reality stars, K.Michelle is well aware of her influence over her young viewers, and she takes her position as a role model seriously. Entertainment News Photos: Top 5 looks from 2013 VMAs There were some interesting looks on the red carpet when the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards arrived in Brooklyn last night. There was some fashion Entertainment News Daily Buzz 8.26.13: Mike Tyson confesses to being a vicious alcoholic Get the latest on your favorite celebs like Tyrese, who is on the mend after passing out in Washington D.C. Then see what Mike Tyson TV Shaunie ONeal plotting more Basketball Wives series? Though the franchise has been criticized for its questionable depiction of minority women, that’s not necessarily keeping Shaunie O’Neal from expanding the brand. “I would Exclusive Entertainment Erika Alexander reminisces about Living Single Before “Sex and the City” or “Girlfriends,” there was “Living Single,” a sitcom starring Queen Latifah, Kim Fields, Kim Coles and Erika Alexander, which premiered Fashion and Style Fab Five Fashions: Ciara Is Ciara as stylish as she is talented? You be the judge. Take a look at some of her most flattering looks. Fashion and Style Style Showdown: Tamar Braxton vs. Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson and Tamar Braxton have similar taste in shoes, but who rocked their Versace stilettos better? Although Tamar loves a pair of Louboutins, she Films Paula Patton: Enjoy your single girl days Unlike her character in Baggage Claim, Paula Patton believes that single women need to enjoy their independent days while they have them. In her upcoming Entertainment News Nicci Gilbert defends Kelly Price Nicci Gilbert believes that her fellow RB diva Kelly Price has fallen victim to harsh criticism, so shes speaking up for her friend. The former Entertainment Tia Mowry addresses insulting pregnancy reports What do Beyoncé, Cynthia Bailey, Meagan Good and Tia Mowry-Hardrict all have in common? Other than being beautiful, talented Black women, they’ve all been victims Music Photos: 2013 BET Hip Hop Awards Nominees BET has rolled out the full list of nominees for the 2013 BET Hip Hop Awards! The ceremony airs October 15 at 8 p.m. on Photos Photos: Celebs attend the 2013 Bronner Bros. Hair Show Jamie Foster Brown hangs out with Stacii Jae Johnson, Keke Wyatt, Porsha Stewart and more at the 2013 Bronner Bros. hair show. Take a look. Entertainment News Kanye West shows off first picture of North West Kanye West has revealed the first picture of his daughter with Kim Kardashian! Kanye had a huge treat for the audience when he dropped by Comedy Friday Funnies: Mariah Carey shuts down Nick Cannon Mariah Careys a diva, but she will check her man if hes getting out of line! The #Beautiful singer made a quick cameo on the  Post navigation  Earlier posts advertisement Latest Photo Gallery Hottest Photo Galleries  Photos: Toni Braxton does Las Vegas Photos: Rasheedas baby shower Twit Pics 8.22.13  advertisement Latest Video  Yandy Smith talks K.Michelle, LHH:NY, motherhood Yandy Smith fully expects K.Michelle to bring the fireworks to “Love  Hip Hop: New York,” but her electricity will be more like a light El Debarge talks reality TV, music, marriage Toccara talks about new man, new ventures Brown Sugar spits a sweet verse More Videos  Popular Topics 2009 Beauty Books Comedy Entertainment Entertainment News Exclusives Fashion and Style Films Food Health and Fitness Living Music News Photo Gallery Photos S2S Daily News Sports TV Videos Most Popular Erika Alexander reminisces aboutLivingSingle Shonda Rhimes shares 10 tidbits for Scandalseason3 Stephon Marbury to pay mistress nearly$1million advertisement S2SMagazine on Twitter PHOTOS: See looks from the @ VMA red carpet! ow.ly/ojHPM @ RitaOra @ Ashanti @ DawnRichard  more! 55minutesago Were @ RKelly and @ KMichelle intimate? He addresses the rumors. #LHHATL @ VH1 ow.ly/ojH4j 1hourago Say it aint so! A group of Blacks are ejected from a restaurant to appease a White customer?! Get the story. ow.ly/ojGMP 1hourago Although shes not included @ YaGirlDWoods said shes excited for the @ DanityKane reunion. Read it. bit.ly/17ZlFKT 1hourago Get the latest: Watch the latest TLC trailer from @ VH1 . @ JordinSparks engagement rumors swirl and more! ow.ly/ojEIX @ OfficialTLC 1hourago What do you think of @ BasketballWives newbie @ TashaMarbury . Share your thoughts  get more here! ow.ly/ohvRn 18hoursago Follow @s2smag InPrint: This Month's Issue September 2013 Featuring: K.Michelle: 'I'm not always angry' T.D. Jakes previews new BET show LaTocha Scott talks "RB Divas: ATL" drama Celeb stylists talk hair color trends Around the Web Uptown Magazine Is Jason Derulo’s ‘Marry Me’ A Proposal To Jordin Sparks? Chadwick Boseman to Star in James Brown Biopic Beauty Essentials: Glow On! QA: 7 Minutes With ‘The Butler’ Director Lee Daniels Necole Bitchie Keri Hilson, Toya Wright, Nene Leakes  More Attend Monica’s Carnival Baby Shower Tamar Braxton Brings Laughter and Tears To xoNecole’s Girl Talk With Tamar Diddy  J. Cole Respond To Rumors That They Fought During A VMA After Party Adrienne Bailon, Elle Varner, Bridget Kelly  More Attend PINK Magazine’s Pamper Party The YBF ATL CHILLIN: R. Kelly, Christopher Williams  Nene Leakes At ATL Live On The Park + Marlo Hampton  Cynthia Bailey GLAMMED Up At Jeffrey Fashion Cares J.Cole  Diddy Respond To Fight Rumors, More Pics From Jay-Z  Diddys VMAs Afterparty Lamar Odom No Show At Clippers Practice, Spotted At Home  Agent Says He Was NEVER Missing The Urban Daily Meek Mill Unveils ‘Dreamchasers 3′ Tracklist  Release Date Sean Kingston Discusses New Album, Playboy Persona  Maliah’s Booty [EXCLUSIVE] Robin Thicke, Where Were Your Boys? [VMA Edition] 2 Chainz On Bus Arrest: “The Devil Been Busy, Boy” The Jasmine Brand [Photos] First Look! LHHA’s Rasheeda  Kirk Frost Leave Hospital With New Baby Boy [Photos] Greg  NeNe Leakes, Cynthia Bailey  R.Kelly Spotted @ ATL Live At the Park An Unfazed Miley Cyrus Spends Studio Time With Wiz Khalifa, Jeanette Jenkins Keeps A Pregnant Adrienne Bosh Fit + Kelly Rowland Takes the Girls to Dodgers Game Lala Anthony  Big Sean Trade Jokes and Jabs With Joan Rivers On ‘Fashion Police’ + Diddy Downplays Rumored Club Fight With J.Cole Top Stories Celebs On Basketball Wives Reality Couples Gone Wrong Celebs Now  Then Favorite Celebreality Couples Beyonce Gets Candid Sister Acts [PHOTOS] Mariah, Moroccan and Monroe Subscribe to the Magazine Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Send Us Feedback Copyright 2013, Interactive One . All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP   SiteCatalyst code version: H.25.4.Copyright 1996-2012 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com  Prompt IE 6 users to install Chrome Frame. Remove this if you want to support IE 6.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/chrome-frame-getting-started [if lt IE 7 ]>window.attachEvent('onload',function(){CFInstall.check({mode:'overlay'})})