 call us 541-265-6049 139 NE Harney St. Newport, OR  Search for:  Home Repair Air Conditioning Axles Brake Repair Muffler and Exhaust Systems Shocks and Struts Maintenance Auto Cooling System Battery Brake Service Cabin Air Filter Differential Service Oil Change Timing Belt Transmission service Tune Ups Vehicles Contact Our Mechanics Contact Steens Find Us in Newport  Navigation Home Repair Air Conditioning Axles Brake Repair Muffler and Exhaust Systems Shocks and Struts Maintenance Auto Cooling System Battery Brake Service Cabin Air Filter Differential Service Oil Change Timing Belt Transmission service Tune Ups Vehicles Contact Our Mechanics Contact Steens Find Us in Newport Quality Auto Repair in Newport Oregon   Newport Car, Truck  SUV Repair Mechanics  Auto Maintenance Our Promise: Great Service Steens Master Lube is committed to serving you, our customer, with professional automotive services and maintenance at a reasonable cost with qualified technicians. We use quality automotive products backed by a nationwide worry free driving warranty. We stand on sound business principals and up hold high ethical standards. Our goal is to make your automotive experience friendly and successful. Auto Repair : Car Maintenance At Steens Master Lube we provide all the auto repairs, car maintenance and automotive services your Newport vehicle needs. Air Conditioning Alternators Battery Inspection  Replacement Belts  Hoses Brake Service Brake Repair Engine Repair Muffler  Exhaust Systems Inspections Oil Changes Radiators Shocks  Struts Timing Belts Transmission Service Transmission Repair Tune-Ups Scheduled Maintenance Our Newport: Auto Mechanics Steens Master Lube hires trained technicians and automotive mechanics in the Newport, Oregon area who are willing to stay on top of the latest technology in the automotive industry through ongoing schools and training. The shop takes pride in being up to date, clean and as efficient as possible to get your car, truck or SUV in and out as quickly as possible.  Steens Master Lube 139 NE Harney St. Newport, OR 97365 541-265-6049 Directions: Toledo, OR South Beach, OR Siletz, OR Depoe Bay, OR Lincoln City, OR Waldport, OR Seal Rock, OR Lincoln Beach, OR   Show options Hide options Additional options Avoid highways Avoid tolls KM Miles Get Directions Print Directions   2012 Steens Master Lube Auto Repair Shop  Car Mechanics 139 NE Harney St. Newport Oregon 97365 (541) 265-6049 Website design by ATTENTION ! (by Comprehensive Google Map Plugin) Google found the following address(es) as NON-geographic and could not find them: [REPLACE] Consider revising the address(es). Did you make a mistake when creating marker locations or did not provide a full geo-address? Alternatively use Google web to validate the address(es)", "kml" : " ATTENTION ! (by Comprehensive Google Map Plugin) Dear blog/website owner, Google returned the following error when trying to load KML file: [MSG] ([STATUS])", "kmlDocInvalid" : "The KML file is not a valid KML, KMZ or GeoRSS document.", "kmlFetchError" : "The KML file could not be fetched.", "kmlLimits" : "The KML file exceeds the feature limits of KmlLayer.", "kmlNotFound" : "The KML file could not be found. Most likely it is an invalid URL, or the document is not publicly available.", "kmlRequestInvalid" : "The KmlLayer is invalid.", "kmlTimedOut" : "The KML file could not be loaded within a reasonable amount of time.", "kmlTooLarge" : "The KML file exceeds the file size limits of KmlLayer.", "kmlUnknown" : "The KML file failed to load for an unknown reason.", "msgApiV2" : " ATTENTION ! (by Comprehensive Google Map Plugin) Dear blog/website owner, It looks like your webpage has reference to the older Google API v2, in addition to the API v3 used by Comprehensive Google Map! An example of plugin using the older API v2, can be jquery.gmap plugin. Please disable conflicting plugin(s). In the meanwhile, map generation is aborted!", "msgMissingMarkers" : " ATTENTION ! (by Comprehensive Google Map Plugin) Dear blog/website owner, You did not specify any marker locations for the Google map! Please check the following when adding marker locations: [a] In the shortcode builder, did you add location(s) and clicked the Add button before generating shortcode? [b] In the widget, did you add location(s) and clicked Add button before clicking Save? Please revisit and reconfigure your widget or shortcode configuration. The map requires at least one marker location to be added..", "msgNoGoogle" : " ATTENTION !(by Comprehensive Google Map Plugin) Dear blog/website owner, It looks like Google map API could not be reached. Map generation was aborted! Please check that Google API script was loaded in the HTML source of your web page"}' />  