  Search this site:  FAQ Contact Us Suckerfish Home Getting Started Learn Lessons All Levels Culture Fun General Lessons Grammar Kanji Vocabulary Beginner Hiragana Katakana Fast Track: 100 Grammar Points Upper Beginner Early Intermediate Intermediate and Advanced Free Downloads Ebooks Audio Video Community Chat Forum Friends The Japan Shop Wiki DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd" TheJapanesePage.com’s LEARN JAPANESE PHRASES APP thousands of sound files hundreds of lessons iPhone / iPad universal app | paid  free version The largest Japanese phrase app in the app store! Windows 8 for desktop  mobile devices Two of our apps are in the top 20 in Education! Android COMING VERY SOON! (really!) Navigation Recent posts Contact TJP User login Username: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Who's online There are currently 1 user and 121 guests online. Online users Ongakuka TJP Friends! Super Supporters of TJP  Help support this site Is this site helping your Japanese? Do you have a spare $1 to help Clay pay the bills? View Some TJS Supporters!  Home  Japanese Car Plates Submitted by admin on Wed, 07/30/2008 - 10:59 All Levels Culture Cars in Japan have license plates. :) In Japanese they are called namba- pure-to . The top left has a screw. Next to the screw is the ken (prefecture)'s name. In this case 福井 fukui . According to Dean, a surfer kind enough to drop me a note, the numbers to the right may be the class of vehicle, small car, big car, taxi, truck, etc. for example, in Osaka Taxi is 500. After the 2nd screw the bottom left has a hiragana, in this case み . This along with the numbers to the right are the car's number. There are two main types - Yellow plates (see above) and White plates (Same as above only white - It doesn't hurt to use your imagination once in a while!) YELLOW PLATES - smaller cars (called kei ji dou sha in Japanese) WHITE PLATES - bigger cars (if it has a more powerful engine it is probably a white plate) Needless to say, Yellow plates are much cheaper than White plates. shaken is also much cheaper. ( shaken is the mandatory car inspection every 2 years. - I hope to do more on this later!) Login or register to post comments Support those who Support TJP! TJP Newsletter Sign up for our email newsletter with new articles, forum topics, and occasional TJS coupons - Stay up to date with what's going on! Click to sign up  for one of our  FREE Newsletters: TJP Bulletin Monthly TheJapanShop.com Newsletter Super Suiyoubi SaleNotification New Stuff (books  materials) Email iPhone/iPad Japanese apps - The TJP RSS Feed! - Follow us on Twitter for the latest news  coupons! Friends Direct Login Come Join Us !! Meet Friends username : password :  design  2009 based on Newsflash by Roopletheme 