  Submit Articles | Top Authors | Top Articles Already on ArticleSlash? Sign in Username Password  Forgot your password?  ArticlesDirectory   Arts & Entertainment  Humor FreeHumor & Arts & Entertainment Articles RSSFeed Articles about or concerning Comedy, Entertainment, Parody, Funny Quotations, Humor, Jokes, Sketch Comedy, Comedians.  Latest Articles Various Ways To Entertain Oneself by: Johny Mazee (February 19, 2013) Enjoyment has many measurements and could be personal/private or more common and community types of entertainment. When we play with our partners that is a individual way of entertainment and when we sit and observe a film on the display that is a more common way of entertainment as we are discussing the experience with many others. There are some variations in our understanding of ..( Humor ) It is Important to Find The Best Stand Up Comedy Talent That Can Match To The Show by: Leonide Lorenzo (February 02, 2013) Many people want to know the best type of comedian that is suitable to perform at the events. There are many different types of comedian in the world. Stand up comedy is one of the most popular types of comedian in our country. There are many people who are able to perform the stand up comedy very well. People who perform the stand up comedies usually do not come with some jokes. In ..( Humor ) Help Others Laugh With Your Funny Confessions by: Lisa Kelly (November 05, 2012) When you think about confessions, fun is not the first thing that comes to mind. Aren't confessions always something bad coming to light? Is there not usually a punishment after you confessed something? Isn't confessing embarrassing? It doesn't have to be like this. Confessions can be fun. To speak from the heart, to tell people what you have never told anyone before, can be a relief ..( Humor ) Forget Your Worries For Some Moments With Humor Books by: Ashish Satija (November 01, 2012) It is needless to mention that humor is a necessity of life. It helps us in eliminating the boredom and rejuvenating us for the work. In our fast paced life of today, if we get some time for laugh, then it definitely makes our life heaven. According to medical science laughing is good for health, and the people who laugh regularly have to face very less health problems as compared to ..( Humor ) Top 3 Halloween Cleaning Tips by: Megan J Peterson (October 31, 2012) This day can be really funny, especially if it's spent with your friends or family. However, in the morning, you will probably have to deal with some cleaning problems. And this applies mostly to the people who refuse to give sweets to the kids and youngsters. Trick or treat? Sometimes, the children can be too violent and in the morning, you will have to deal with much more than just a ..( Humor ) Silent Infatuation - Anonymous Confession – [614 words] – submitted on 1st August 2012. by: Lisa Kelly (August 14, 2012) I was so much in love with Sanjiv, who was suave, well turned out, dynamic, played so well, whichever game he participated. In such a short time he was the darling of all the school girls and I think he knew it. He also knew a lot of girls swooned even while they passed by him in the corridors or canteen while in queue for a bottle of coke or a burger at recess. I was infatuated to an ..( Humor ) Share Best Funny Text Messages to your Buddies & closed ones by: Rihanna Khan (May 18, 2012) You are not completely dressed up if you don't wear a smile. Smile is considered to be the best medication and in an effort to make individuals giggle, one or two funny jokes are necessary. If youre not using your smile, youre like a man with a million dollars in the bank and no chequebook. It is rigorously proved that in an effort to stay healthy and fit, both physically ..( Humor ) Free Love SMS And The Person Whom You Send by: Shawn Parker (April 30, 2012) In the present era conveying love messages are not as more challenging and unique as they used to be two or three decades ago. This is so convenient due to fashionable way of communications like mailing and texting. But what is considered to be the most expedient way of conveying your messages to your darling one is texting through mobile phones. Available SMS packages throughout the ..( Humor ) Prank Ideas For April Fool's Day by: Shawn Parker (March 28, 2012) April fool day is a memorable day historied on the 1st of every Apr. The history and the origination of this unscheduled day is vague and no documented and confirming evidences are saved which can cause the inception of this event but console in the contemporary class this day is being renowned with whole independence and life. The day is mainly historied in the southwestern section of ..( Humor ) The Top 10 Relationship Quotes of All Time by: Eve Lanois (March 26, 2012) Relationships are sometimes challenging and they can cause a lot of heartbreak. Relationships are a large part of life for everybody, so when they turn sour it causes much distress. I have gathered the following quotes as a list of the best relationship quotes of all time, which will help in resolving any challenges you may be confronting. Sticks and stones are hard on bones Aimed with .( Humor ) Methods For Getting Over Stage Fright by: Carrie Westengate (March 01, 2012) Getting over stage fright, or performance panic, is definitely a real difficulty for many performers as it can be debilitating to put it mildly. You will never work out what sort of artist would suffer the most, but logic may suggest that stand up comedy has its own fair share of those that need to know about overcoming stage fright. Nonetheless, there are some actions which might help. .( Humor ) Celebrity Quotes and Cute Quotes by: Eve Lanois (November 03, 2011) Celebrity quotes are the most telling types of quotes. Sometimes celebs quotes are featured on the media and become fodder for the gossip magazines. Obviously these quotes usually have no context and the public arent given any information about the situation in which the expression was said. But it gives people a glimpse into the minds of unscripted celebrities. The ..( Humor ) Writing Comedy - Far More Than Just Funny Words by: Carrie Westengate (September 27, 2011) Should you be a naturally funny person you could believe that writing stand up comedy is simple. Well, it isnt. Even though you believe it may sound funny when you jot it down, it does not constantly translate well to a live audience. Writing fantastic stand up comedy material demands quite a bit of trial and error as well as expertise. You should do your research initially and ..( Humor ) 26 Reasons Why Some Men Are Such Dogs - Woof! by: Bobby White (August 23, 2011) Even when they know others after them use the same toilet as they do, they still go ahead and make a frickin mess They insist theyre right 100% of the time, even when theyre wrong 95% of the time Unless theyre part of some remote tribe (say, the Arapesh or Mundugumor of Papua New Guinea), their only demonstration of emotional sensitivity is when they miss the TV .( Humor ) If You Want To Be A Comedian, Then Become Organized by: Carrie Westengate (August 18, 2011) Do you want to be a comedian that always succeeds and has the listeners roaring along with laughter? If you do, you'll need some tools that will help you help make your work perfect. These items are: any miniature voice recorder, some tapes and some batteries. For all those with a smaller budget, all you need is a pen and wallet notebook. And if you've got audio recording software on ..( Humor ) 21 More Reasons Why Some Men are Such Dogs - Woof! by: Bobby White (August 17, 2011) 1 - Because when they betray you, they say it was nothing" and didn't mean anything". But they did it none the less. And often not just once. Oh, but they do say they're sorry, which is nice (ahem). 2 - They'll share things about you with their closest friends that they have never even thought to say to your face (despite how long you've been together). 3 - In an ..( Humor ) Thousand’s Have A Awesome Stand-up Comedy Act Who Never Thought They Could by: Tommy Tucker (July 14, 2011) If you've ever struggled to get large effective, gigantic laughing out loud applause on your stand-up comedy act, speech or presentation. . . "After that these three tactics you should employ immediately if you would like a Killer Stand-Up comedy act. Take action now!" Learn the way of a struggling rookie comedian who started from a serious lame joker into a top impact laughing out ..( Humor ) Cool Gadgets by: Christopher Creswick (May 14, 2011) Gadgets The majority of men will have the similar point of view on gadgets, as long as they are pleasurable and technical (not too technical though) a bloke will occupy themselves for hours playing with his latest toy. As everyone knows boys love their toys, now this can differ from countless sectors in the gadget trade, from a new shiny iPhone 4 with all the apps and gizmos thinkable, .( Humor ) How To Throw a Great Party Using Party Games by: Eve Lanois (May 06, 2011) Most people have attended a party that was a dud. If you are the one throwing the party this can be a nightmare. But there is something to quickly remedy the celebration  Party Games! Party games quickly provide visitors with plenty of opportunity to socialize and they are also enjoyable. Ive never been to a party where these activities were played and I didnt have .( Humor ) How To Write a Would You Rather Question by: Eve Lanois (May 02, 2011) Everyone is talking about playing the Would You Rather game. Youve most likely played yourself. But what makes it a good activity? It is your originality! This article was created to help you in writing your own would you rather questions to stump your friends. When youre players take their time to answer you will be sure that youve succeeded. The first decision ..( Humor ) iKwote. Not just a random quote, but a convenient homepage to search from by: Christopher Abell (January 09, 2011) With the creation of all sites throughout the web, there's a story behind it. A purpose as to how on earth this website came about the internet. This is iKwote's story. First of all we'll start with: What the heck is iKwote? Well, jumping straight to the point, iKwote is a simple site that selects a random quote from its ever growing database and displays it to the sites visitor every ..( Humor ) Heart Throb Celebrities: Getting Candid with Fans via Social Networking by: Ashish Arora (December 21, 2010) From ego clashes to professional challenges, from high profile parties to glittering glamour and from glitzy style to panacheone thing is surely common among all of them and that is interactive communication tool in hands of each. Either Twitter or Facebook, one or the other is making their life a wow. No matter how far we have reached in creating outstanding ..( Humor ) All-time Favourite Comedians by: Siraj Rasul (October 07, 2010) A comedian is a person who seeks to entertain or excite people by their speech rather than by actions. There is a Popular saying, A comic says funny things; a comedian says things funny, which shows the art of comedians to make people laugh more than what a comic does. Here are some of the greatest comedians of all-time. Adam Carolla If you want a comedian who entertains .( Humor ) Quotes, Sayings Proverbs. by: Ocean G (September 27, 2010) On many occasions, we need a quote to convey our message more clearly but we fail to do so because we dont remember what exactly that quote was. To end this problem all you need to do is add desiquotes.com as your bookmark. This is a website with thousands of quotes cleanly organised under categories and author name. So if you remember the author, it makes your work much easier. .( Humor ) Sourcing Wholesale Fancy Dress by: Adam R. Singleton (June 14, 2010) Fancy dress is an activity that isnt restricted to one particular time of the year, though there are certain periods, such as Christmas and Halloween, where it is more popular to don some costumes and get into the spirit of things. Birthday parties for both kids and grown-ups and hen and stag celebrations are just a few reasons why a fancy dress party might be thrown. Regardless .( Humor ) Top Ten Fancy Dress Ideas by: Adam R. Singleton (June 09, 2010) Fancy dress parties are a great way to get everyone gathered together for an evening of fun. Costume choices are a super conservation starter and whether you want to showcase your creative costumes at your local pub or club or in the privacy of a house party, fancy dress is a great way to have a daringly different night. Gone are the days when fancy dress was restricted to children's ..( Humor ) Enjoy your life with Alarming videos by: Friction Adaf (March 15, 2010) Looking at pictures in an erotic magazine or at an erotic video that depict people and erotic situations can stimulate the right mood for making love. The best pictures and Alarming Videosare those showing some new and surprising ways of making love. The best visual material will give you ideas about new things you can do yourselves. Directly comic pictures or videos should be avoided, ..( Humor ) Remember The Old Video Arcade? by: Fred Fish (February 08, 2010) In the 1970s I was a teen-ager growing up in a small town in the mid-west. Though video game systems for the home had just come out, they always seemed to pale in comparison to the kind of games that were available in the local arcades that were springing up at that time. I dont remember what our first home game system was called, but it basically had three different ..( Humor ) Funny Quotes And Quotes Pictures – Your Stress Busters by: Ocean G (December 30, 2009) Are you stressed out due to work pressure or due to your family? Do you need a daily laughter? Have you ever tried searching for funny stupid, humorous, silly quotes? Reading quotes is one of the best ways to be happy. It acts as a stress buster and helps you release your daily tensions. These quotes or sayings are becoming increasingly popular day by day because of this only. Everyday ..( Humor ) ‘Party On!’ at NASA by: Nick Schklair (December 03, 2009) While smoking and drinking in many places and under many circumstances have been severely limited by local and state regulations, NASA has surprised the world by permitting cigarette and alcoholic beverages during space missions on board its space craft. It all started when we did internal surveys among the astronauts said Evan Byer, senior anthropologist at NASA. Fully 90% of them ..( Humor ) Fun and Witty Fancy Dress Ideas by: Adam R. Singleton (November 24, 2009) Theres no doubt about it: Brits love to have fun with fancy dress, no matter what the occasion. From birthdays and special holidays to themed parties, theres always a reason to don a costume. Brits love to get creative - whether on their own or with groups of friends - when it comes to choosing fancy dress costumes. Many coordinate their costumes according to a theme - ..( Humor ) Festive Christmas Costume Ideas by: Adam R. Singleton (November 19, 2009) Many people associate fancy dress costumes with Hallowe'en, themed parties, or stag and hen dos, but there are many more opportunities throughout the year to dress up in fun and creative fancy dress costumes  one of which happens to be just around the corner. Indeed, Christmas is the perfect time to dress up in costume, whether youre planning to go to a party, or simply ..( Humor ) I Ain't Afraid of No Ghost at Halloween by: Adam R. Singleton (November 17, 2009) Stuck on ideas this Halloween? There's a great deal of choice out there and it can be very difficult to decide, so why not think about your favourite television and movie stars when it comes to selecting a costume this year? One of the most iconic character outfits of the 80s is most certainly that of the Ghostbuster. When the 1985 film hit cinemas, it was an instant smash and brought ..( Humor ) Try a Different Count this Halloween by: Adam R. Singleton (November 16, 2009) You may be green this Halloween if you choose to hit the party dressed as Count Duckula - but it's your friends that will be even greener as they kick themselves for not dreaming up the idea first. Most people remember Count Duckula, the iconic vegetarian vampire duck from the late 80s cartoon of the same name. The story focussed on the Count's hapless attempts to seek out fame and ..( Humor ) 5 Surefire Ways to Nab the Girl of Your Dreams by: Timothy J. Ward (October 04, 2009) I constantly overhear guys asking for advice on how to land that special girl that they have been eyeing for months but have so far had no success in dating or even starting a conversation with in most cases. I overhear these conversations because for some reason no one ever asks me for advice on this issue. This is a shame because I know exactly what these guys need to do. Don't ..( Humor ) 5 Things I Learned From Twitter (In Under A Week) by: Timothy J. Ward (September 12, 2009) I recently decided to give Twitter a try. Facebook had become too involved for me and I figured that 140 characters or less was right around the ideal amount of interaction I was looking for from strangers online. So I signed up. And like most things in life it has been educational. Even after just a week I have learned a lot. I'd like to share some of my new found wisdom with all of ..( Humor ) Ego Play In Humor by: Chinmay Chakravarty (September 03, 2009) Humorous exchanges are meant to lift your spirits, cheer you up. The fact that cross egos act as a strong undercurrent for such exchanges make these even more interesting. Based on everyday observations we intend to present before you a few instances of such ego plays. Ego Play One: Status Active. You rightfully boast of a tremendous sense of humor in you. This applies both for the ..( Humor ) Protection From The Physical Entity? by: Chinmay Chakravarty (September 03, 2009) There are entities and non-entities who never fail to entertain and titillate us. But, very often, they irritate us too. Main problem here is from the physical entities. Protection from them is our fundamental democratic right. Some of the irritating ones are eternal favor-seekers. The favors may vary from a harmless cup of tea to the most cumbersome contracts. They always manage to ..( Humor ) Writing A Book In India - Conditions Apply! by: Chinmay Chakravarty (September 03, 2009) Planning to write a book in India or for India? Well, you are most welcome to do that. But a few terms and conditions do apply. You may wonder why. India is the largest democracy of the world and freedom of expression is a fundamental right here. But, at the same time India is multi-racial, multi-lingual, multi-religious and multi-political. These elements let loose such a strong ..( Humor ) A collection of more than 5000 Indian English & Hindi SMS by: K B (June 26, 2009) After completing my graduation, life was getting boring and frustrating. Degree in hand, ample time, no job, friends busy in different lives. Wanted to do something different, but what to do? Searching for job, came across a company who wanted to hire a website designer but not me as my office package course was not enough for the job. Frustrated I came back home, went to the nearest ..( Humor ) How to tell What sort of shopper are you by: Andy Butler (March 02, 2009) In life there are many types of people. They all have different personalities, different likes and dislikes and different tastes. These are the attributes that make up who we are and also transcend to make up the habits we follow in our everyday lives. They dictate the way we behave, the way we interact with people, even the way we eat, sleep or even shop. Over time I've noticed many ..( Humor ) Ten Things Not to Give Out As Wedding Favours by: Sarrah Beaumont (December 15, 2008) The tradition of giving out wedding favours is a real old one. Blame it on the European aristocrats, While porcelain, crystals and precious stones were the practices of the old, the modern-day brides  grooms have evolved into more practical beings. The new trend in wedding favours: practical, memorable and personalised. However, there have been quite a few slip-ups over the recent ..( Humor ) History of the High Five by: Dan Bimrose (December 14, 2008) The high five is way past trend status. It is a part of our culture. While our youth, and certain Presidential candidates pound" it, this may still be just a trend. The high five is forever. I think it should stay forever. There are a few reasons why I like the high five and unfortunately for you I am about to disclose them. The first reason; it's fun. Pretty simple, I like ..( Humor ) Beat the Stress - Laugh at Short Funny Jokes by: Joel Owens (December 13, 2008) Stress is a staple part of life. Contrary to popular belief, stress can actually come from almost every situation whether they bring excitement, happiness, sadness of anxiety. What makes this a thing of complexity is that stress actually differs from person to person. On the other hand, no matter how complicated the math of stress may be, the mere act of laughing at short funny jokes, ..( Humor ) The Hottest Las Vegas Comedy Shows by: Alicia McWilliams (December 12, 2008) All sorts of different options are available in Las Vegas for entertainment and the shows there are among the hottest parts of Las Vegas entertainment. Many popular comedy shows are featured among these shows. All sorts of different Las Vegas comedy shows are featured including shows with some of the top comedians in the country and many unique individual clubs. The Improv at Harrah's ..( Humor ) They Don't Look Expensive by: Zach Waldman (November 23, 2008) I know what you want. You want to hear a war story. Here ya go, this is a fun one. I was hired to perform strolling close-up magic for an hour at a private party. These are probably my favorite shows to do. I'm in and out quick and the people get to see a ton of magic up close and personal in a very short span of time. Anyway, I was leaving the party when these two women see me. One ..( Humor ) 5 Ways to Ruin a Good Thanksgiving - When Thanksgiving Dinner Goes Downhill by: Nik D'angelo (November 10, 2008) We have the Pilgrims and the Indians to thank for getting this whole mess off the ground. Let's all be thankful we have these 5 ways to ruin a good Thanksgiving tips to enjoy! The Guest List- There really is not a traditional American family any longer. We are all blended with stepparents, adopted children, and half siblings thrown in the mix. The guest list must be carefully balanced ..( Humor ) One Story of Cat and Dog Friendship by: Sandy Whitaker (November 10, 2008) JJ the cat and Rocky the dog JJ was an immense cat. His father was a big Manx, that we nicknamed refrigerator. " After JJ's father died, he became the king of the jungle on our farm. Our Great Pyrenees dogs of course were about as big as any dog gets, but JJ still ruled the small farm we live on. He didn't associate with cats or kittens, and he insisted that the dogs treat him ..( Humor ) A Cow in a Tree? by: Sandy Whitaker (November 10, 2008) I heard that is what 911 said to the firemen last Sunday when I called for a cow rescue. No, it was not in a tree, it was lying between the panels of a hay feeder, which had come apart and was now tipped on end with a heifer's head trapped and laying on her side. When I found her Sunday morning, I noted that her back looked deformed, she didn't move her hind legs although she raised ..( Humor ) A 3-day Travel Tour in LA by: Pierre Alexander (November 09, 2008) Day 1: Landing at the Los Angeles International Airport at 10 PM. Full body inspection at the Customs for bacteria checkout. 3-hour waiting for luggage delivery and another 3 hours to find the exit gate. Night bus transfer to the hotel with television sets above each sit broadcasting bodybuilding TV shows. Breakfast at the hotel on arrival: two eggs, sourdough toast, coffee or chocolate .( Humor ) 1 2 3 4 5 6 Next End  Related Categories Arts & Entertainment Astrology Humanities Humor Language Movies TV Music Performing Arts Philosophy Photography Poetry Visual Graphic Arts Submit Your Quality Humor Articles Experts in Category Greg Gagliardi Deanna Mascle Boaz Ben Dov Carl Megill Christian N Tom Attea Michael P. Westhead Danielle Hollister John Dir Gautam Dev Top Articles in Category Funny Sayings- Simply Bad Life Tips Humor Quotations - Top 35 Funny Quotations by . General Knowledge Quiz Questions From Fun .. Hurricane Season In Florida Free Funny Ecard and Free Funny Ecards Free Funny Animated Ecards The Patience of Job How to Satisfy Your Wife The Language of Appalachia My Favorite Top 10 Comedy Songs  Expert Authors Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service RSSFeeds Link2Us Contact Testimonials URYXNKRQVKFF  