 Automotive Technology | Automotive Technology | SIU Automotive Technology | Automotive Technology | SIU Search SIUC Submit SIU Quick Links QUICK LINKS Admissions Academics Giving Research Athletics Libraries SIU Online Webmail SalukiNet People Finder A-Z Index CONTACT SIU.EDU Southern Illinois University Automotive Technology Contact Us 618-453-4024 autotech@siu.edu College of Applied Sciences and Arts  Photo Slideshow We train Diagnosticians Our students utilize the latest manufacturer specific scantools, PicoScopes, and equipment to diagnose vehicles. Facilities The Transportation Education Center houses 185,000 square feet of learning space. Read on Fleet Vehicles Fleet of over 90 late model training vehicles provided by industry partners. Career Opportunities Our students are in high demand. Numerous companies come to us specifically to recruit our graduates.  Helpful Links Plan a Visit Student Services Automotive Information What can I do with this degree? Apply Now One of the very few Baccalaureate Automotive Technology programs in the country supplying the industry. Program is recognized both nationally and globally for its excellence and prominence in the industry Combination of theoretical and practical hands-on application in classes High demand for graduates Paid internship opportunities New state-of-the-art Transportation Education Center. Fleet of over 90 late model training vehicles provided by industry partners A blend of automotive technical and business operations curriculum What We Offer At Southern Illinois University Carbondale, we offer a Bachelor of Science degree in Automotive Technology. This degree is designed to provide an education environment for students to acquire the professional, research, and technical skills necessary for success in the automotive and related industries. The degree provides theoretical and practical hands-on application of knowledge through a combination of automotive technical courses, business/management courses, along with computing and communication courses. Brandon Cook Came in the program with minimal automotive knowledge and graduated to work as a Technical Trainer! Read More Whitney Belt Loved math and cars, so he became an Automotive Engineer. Read More Matthew Ellickson Started out just tinkering with cars, now he is troubleshooting problems throughout the world. Read More Jason Davis His love for aftermarket tuning helped him drive his passion in the aftermarket industry. Read More James Seargent Started with a love for BMX then ended up with a passion for the automotive industry and racing on the track. Read More Program Video This video showcases our students, facilities, faculty, and program. Please share this video with friends and family. Watch Left Sidebar Main Navigation Program Information Faculty  Staff Corporations  Careers Alumni Facilities Automotive Technology Organization I Want To: Know how to Apply Visit the Facility Go to the Facility Enter your starting address: Events Calendar  Footer Automotive Technology | Transportation Education Center, Mail Code 6895| Carbondale IL 62901 P: 618-453-4024 Email Webmaster Privacy Policy | EOE ĂÂŠ SIU Board of Trustees All Rights Reserved. Share Likeus Watch us  [if lt IE 7 ]>  window.attachEvent('onload',function(){CFInstall.check({mode:'overlay'})})   window.attachEvent('onload',function(){CFInstall.check({mode:'overlay'})}) 