  Curbstoning: Facts And Tips To Avoid Car Title Fraud  ORDER REPORTS NOW Before you buy your next used car, order CARFAX Vehicle History Reports. FREE SAMPLE REPORTS View a sample report . Herta Soman learned about curbstoning thehard way when she fell for a curbstoner's story and wound up paying$15,000 for a '97 Honda only to find out the warranties were voidbecause the vehicle had been totaled nearly three (3) years earlier. "I was angry-I was in shock," said Soman after discovering throughCARFAX that the car she purchased from a private seller had once beensalvaged. "I was speechless-I feel like I'm driving a fraud." Sadly, Soman is not alone. Law enforcement officials estimate thatmany of the cars advertised in classified ads or sold at the curb maybe curbstoned, salvage cars for sale-vehicles sold by scam artists who pose asprivate sellers. These curbstoners often sell vehicles reputabledealers won't touch because of hidden problems, such as those with a salvaged cartitle, that can affect both safety and value. "Unfortunately, dishonesty sometimes is very profitable," laments JohnCreel, Consumer Investigator. Creel has been busting curbstoners foryears. He explains how this scam works. Curbstoners pick up badcars-"cars that may have spun odometers or salvage cars" forexample-from junkyards or wholesale auctions, then pass them off tounsuspecting consumers as quality family cars. "You don't tell him you got it a week ago, and you cleaned it up andnow you're selling it," reveals a former curbstoner caught by Creelwho requested anonymity. "It's possible even to hide the fact that acar has been totaled by registering it or changing the title inanother state," he adds. Consumer safety advocates say you can'tbe too careful when buying a used car today since rebuilt wrecks aremore likely to fail in the event of another crash. It is especiallydangerous when the driver has no idea the vehicle has been in a majoraccident before. "Your chances of being in a serious auto crash in your lifetime are 1out of 2," says Jackie Gillan of Advocates for Highway and AutoSafety. "Those are very high odds, so you want to make sure whenyou're buying a used car that it's not only going to provide thetransportation you need, but is also going to provide you and yourfamily with a safe driving environment." Creel always recommends that consumers do their homework before buyingany pre-owned vehicle-especially from a private seller. "The firstthing you want to do is get a CARFAX report," he says. Herta Soman, who-because of a curbstoner-got stuck with a now failingrebuilt wreck echoes Creel's sentiment. "I wish I would have done thatprior to purchasing my car-it would have saved me a lot of grief, anda lot of money." What Is Curbstoning? ...officials estimate that many of the cars advertised inclassified ads may be curbstoned vehicles... Curbstoners are scam artists. State laws prohibit private citizensfrom selling multiple cars or vehicles other than those titled tothem. Curbstoning involves individuals who ignore these laws meant toprotect consumers from unlicensed, unscrupulous sellers. Frequently,they sell vehicles reputable dealers won't touch-those with hiddenproblems in their pasts-problems that can affect both the safety andthe value of these vehicles. All too often a consumer goes to a curbstoner thinking that they willget a better deal. They may feel less intimidated approaching anindividual seller they perceive to be a neighbor versus a professionalsalesman. They may think they can't afford a vehicle from a reputable,reliable dealer. Unfortunately, whatever the reason for going to aprivate seller, shoppers who buy from them without checking thevehicle's history can end up paying too much money for a poorlyrebuilt wreck, a lemon or may be even stolen vehicle. Victims of curbstoners often end up making expensive repairs because arolled back odometer led them to believe the vehicle was in bettershape. Or, they may find themselves in a dangerous vehicle that hasalready been totaled due to a severe accident. According to Larry Gamache, Director of Communications for CARFAX,"Law enforcement officials agree that many of the cars advertised inclassified ads may be curbstoned vehicles. Curbstoning is nothing new,but it is now reaching epidemic proportions, which is bad news forconsumers and dealers, alike. Curbstoners weave elaborate, seeminglysincere, stories to gain a buyer's confidence or pity. Usually they'revariations on the same stories, such as: a relative passed-away, theyare sending a child off to college, a friend or relative has askedthem to sell it for them, they are getting married, moving or gettinga company car, etc. By recognizing these 'tall tales,' consumers canknow to say 'no.'" Guarding Against Curbstoners Buy from a reputable dealer -- More than 25,000 dealers nationwidesubscribe to CARFAX to ensure that the vehicles they sell on theirlots are safe and reliable. Through CARFAX, consumers can find adealer and even find a car locally that meets their needs. Most CARFAXdealer subscribers even offer free copies of the Vehicle HistoryReports to their customers-all you need to do is ask. But, if you still want to buy from an individual, there are ways toguard against curbstoners: Ask to see the driver's license of the seller along with thecar's title. If the name on the title doesn't match the name on thelicense, don't buy it. Ask the seller for a detailed CARFAX Vehicle History Report to identify if the car has a salvage history, odometer fraud or flooddamage. It will also show recent, frequent or excessive titletransfers that may contradict the seller's story. Take the car to a trusted mechanic. A professionalinspection can uncover weld marks, water spots and uneven tire treads- all clues to a potentially unsafe vehicle. Check the phone number. See if the same phone number appearsin multiple ads, and make sure that you have a way to get back intouch with the car seller-not just a cell phone or pager number.Curbstoners often use them to change their locations without beingcaught. Always be a little leery if the price that seems just toogood to be true. If something feels wrong, walk away. What Local Dealers Can Do To Curb Curbstoning Be informed - Knowing what curbstoning is and wherecurbstoners work in your area can help you combat them by educatingconsumers of this illegal practice, its risks and consequences. Check the classified ads - Learn what cars are most popularand in demand. Plan to increase the visibility of similar cars onyour lot to make curbstoning less desirable in your community. Use CARFAX - If you aren't already, become a CARFAXSubscribing Dealer. It helps you keep undesirable vehicles out ofyour inventory and demonstrates to buyers that your cars are topnotch. Advertise - It seems simple, but a lot of dealerships aretimid about placing ads. Advertising is a great way to reachconsumers. Participate - Getting involved in your local community letsconsumers in your area get to know you, and builds a positivereputation for you and your business. Donations of cars to charity,volunteering at events and speaking to newspapers are all great waysto get involved and show your pride in the community. Contact authorities - Finally, if you suspect there's acurbstoner in your area, contact the local authorities and encouragethem to take action to protect consumers. These unlicensed sellersare breaking the law, plain and simple.  FREE SERVICES: Lemon Check | Record Check | Recall Check | Problem Car Check | Sample Reports MORE CARFAX: CARFAX for Dealers | Partner With CARFAX | CARFAX Blog | Safety Ratings | Find A Dealer CARFAX Banking  Insurance Group | CARFAX Europe | Careers | Site Map Copyright  1996 - 2010, CARFAX, Inc. Privacy Statement / Terms and Conditions / Trademark Information / Help 