  Welcome, Guest The internet's a popularity contest! Join the craze and cast your vote to instantly rank the Newbies and Wannabes, making them All the Rage or casting them off to the lost world of One-Hit Blunders. Join the Craze! TopicCraze Search:  Topic: Entertainment & Arts > Humor Newbies in: Entertainment & Arts/Humor bologna is people - cabalwatch the funny ring - red skelton jokes for all - funny animated gifs laugh your self silly - dom deluise down with everything! - open letters ~~ humor - bad luck dump funstuff - lucille ball Topic: Entertainment & Arts > Humor Sponsor(s) Showing 1 - 20 of 101 | Next20 Best Humor Sites (4Sites,44 recent hits) Thisis a collection of the greatest humor sites on the Internet. Find humor services such as online humor and e-card guides or comedians for hire, or just chuckle your way through the jokes, animated cartoons, one-panel and strip comics, and multi-thematic personal pages that include humor in liberal doses. Farts & Burps -- The Gas (10Sites,246 recent hits) Our webring is comprised of sites that are gassy in nature! If you are interested in burps and farts, come here. ~~ Humor (5Sites,219 recent hits) HUMOR: Jokes, skits, humorous stories, funny picture ... they all make us laugh. These sites touch one of the most human responses ... laughter. No other animal laughs. No other animal understands humor. And now, scientists are telling us that laughter is even good for us. These sites are about humor. Humor Online (49Sites,1176 recent hits) People, places, and things to make you laugh! Redneck Humor (7Sites,22 recent hits) Country Humor Redneck Humor Web- Have a site or some pages devoted to Humor, Jokes, and general fun? Then consider joining the Redneck Humor. You do not have to be a Redneck to Join, just have a good sense of Humor.! Toilet (10Sites,2259 recent hits) The Toilet WebRing is composed of sites celebrating, through art, humor, education, and plumbing, one of the worlds finest modern conveniences: the toilet. For those with a weak constitution: The next site in the ring is always down the hall and on the left. Chistes en Español (3Sites,774 recent hits) En estees apropiado para todas las páginas que tengan chistes, bromas, humor, caricaturas unicamente en español . Unete Ya !!!, las visitas a tu página incrementaran. Conservative Baby Boomer Men (3Sites,6 recent hits) Thisis dedicated to the much needed entertainment of hard working conservative men in their 40s and 50s. Humor, Kool Cars (no Jap Junk with big mufflers!), conservative politics (no tree-hugging liberal cry babies), Classic Rock (no Rap), reliving the 60s & 70s, and anything else of interest to conservative men in their 40s and 50s. Fun Stuff (3Sites,25 recent hits) Anything fun. Useless Junk On The Net (3Sites,9 recent hits) USLESS JUNK ON THE NET: Sites that are creative and humerous but really serve no other purpose to the world. They are taking up valuable internet real estate that could be used for educational or business purposes. But that doesn't matter to us. Even though others see them as useless junk, they are somehow personally important to us. That is enough. Humor, Wit, and Satire for Seriously Silly Minds (2Sites,59 recent hits) This is the place for intelligent humor written by and for smart-asses, smart people, or smart people wannabes. Find stories and articles that will make you laugh, chuckle, guffaw, smile, or bounce silly putty off your computer screen. So browse these sites and have fun! (There are a lot worse ways to waste time.) Lois de Murphy (1Sites,6 recent hits) Aussi connue comme Loi de l'Emmerdement Maximum, ou Loi dela tartine beurrée, la Loi de Murphy est, avec le chaos, la relativité, et la mécanique quantique, une des plus grandes découvertes du siècle (rien que ça). LoL (1Sites,2 recent hits) The LoL (laughing out loud) Ring is a gathering place for websites that make people laugh. AAA Ha! Ha! Sites (0Sites,0 recent hits) The webring for all extraordinary humorous or amazingly funny sites. Come see us all our belly shaking "ha ha ha" sites AArdvark and Coyote's (0Sites,0 recent hits) Just about anything could be crawling around,at AArdvark and Coyote's! A culturally deprived Web, for culturally deprived WebSites.Roadkill and ant sites are welcome.MrToad.com All fun sites (0Sites,0 recent hits) Adedicated to all entertainment, humour (humor), sport or just fun sites out there. All Humour (0Sites,0 recent hits) The only criteria for joining thisis a sense of humour. Bad taste is permitted (even applauded)--any site aiming to raise a laugh may apply. If you want to save the world, tell funnier jokes. AreaX74 thefor all funny web sites (0Sites,0 recent hits) Comedy, funny animations, jokes, insults, funny stories, just funny stuff! NO porn! Benjamin Franklin's Bad Spellers Club (0Sites,0 recent hits) I kant tipe an I kant spel.Dose that feel like you? No matter how hard you try, you make typos and spelling mistakes everywhere you go. If so than join us. Laughter and humur welcomed here, as well. Most topics welcomed, as long as the site is family friendly. All sites devoted to the world's most famous bad speller, Benjamin Franklin, are also welcomed here. Fan sites, personal home pages, about me and my pets, forums, Proboards, message boards, eBay groups, eBay profiles, Amazon profiles, Listmainia, CafePress shops, Yahoo Groups, blogs, online journals, chat rooms, fanlistings, online communities, memorials, info sites, people, places, things, or ideas,....any topic related site. (No porn, no hate, no M rated, and no puppy mill or battery farm type sites.) The Big Hairy (0Sites,2 recent hits) A place of much comedy and humour. Share your jokes, quotes, and sillies. Showing 1 - 20 of 101 | Next20 You're viewing: Home  Entertainment & Arts  Humor You might try these more specific sub-categories: Adult Humor Comedy Dancing Jokes Magazines Parody Religions@ Parody U.S. Presidential Candidates@ Practical Jokes and Pranks Rants Traffic Cones  Copyright  2012 TopicCraze, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service - Help Notice: We collect personal information on this site. To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy . 