 Tuesday August 27, 2013 Global International PwC Sites Click the 'X' in the top right corner to close this window. Home Industry sectors Aerospace & defence Asset management Automotive Banking & capital markets Capital projects and infrastructure Chemicals Communications Energy, utilities & mining Engineering & construction Entertainment & media Financial services Forest, paper & packaging Government/public services Healthcare Hospitality & leisure Industrial manufacturing Insurance Metals Pharmaceuticals & life sciences Retail & consumer Technology Transportation & logistics Today's issues Governance Innovation & technology Operations Regulation Risk Strategy & growth Sustainability Talent The economy Our services Advisory Audit and assurance Family business services Human resources IFRS Legal Sustainability & climate change Tax About us Global Annual Review Our leadership team Code of conduct Corporate responsibility Network governance Our contribution to the debate Genesis Park Women at PwC Alumni Member firms worldwide Research & insights View featured Browse by issue Browse by industry Browse by service Monthly highlights Spotlight on Annual Global CEO Survey CEO Insights blog Careers EPIC programme Press room Facts and figures Press contacts Analyst relations  Automotive Subscribe to our RSS feed   Innovating for future growth: Automotive assurance products’ strategy A new focus on the assurance products’ strategy in the automotive industry.   Looking ahead: Driving co-creation in the auto industry Read more   Driving value: 2012 M insights A review of mergers and acquisition activity in the global automotive industry. Read more   North American automotive supplier supply chain performance study This survey focuses on how automotive suppliers achieve supply chain efficiency and effectiveness through current planning, sourcing, and delivery capabilities. The study analyses overall supplier performance, across each segment. Read more   Charging forward: PwC’s 2012 electric vehicle study A check-up on some of the major determining factors for the success of EVs in the future. Read more   Consolidation in the Global automotive supply industry 2012 The 2012 global automotive industry is poised for growth while marked by cautious optimism. Read more   16th Annual Global CEO survey Automotive CEOs see the industry’s global footprint changing. Read more   Autofacts. Anytime. Anywhere. PwC Autofacts Analyst Notes deliver insightful analysis on the global automotive sector in a concise, easily-digestible format. Get in the fast lane with the FREE PwC Autofacts App for iPad. Read more   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Industry globalisation Globalisation is accelerating as emerging markets grow and as automakers from mature markets consolidate. China Light vehicle assembly volumes in China will likely grow 73% from 11 million units in 2009 to 19 million units in 2016. Cost of doing business OEMs & suppliers significantly reduced cost in response to significant volume reductions. Some will be challenged to maintain lower costs as recovery continues. Infotainment & digital transformation While auto companies develop products & technologies to meet consumer demands, infotainment solutions that engage drivers safely are essential. Sustainability Emission standards are increasing in all regions, which presents risks and opportunities for automakers and suppliers.   Automotive PwC’s global automotive practice leverages its extensive experience in the industry to help companies solve complex business challenges with efficiency and quality. One of our practice's key competitive advantages is Autofacts® , a team of automotive industry specialists dedicated to ongoing analysis of sector trends.   Explore further Publications Press room & events Autofacts Services   Series publications Find out more about challenges and opportunities in the automotive sector: Automotive Tax Insights: 2013 tax rate benchmarking study for the Automotive sectors New insights into the effective tax rate (ETR) reported by automotive companies in 2012, the trend in ETR over the last three years and the drivers of the ETR. Driving Value: 2012 M Insights A review of mergers and acquisition activity in the global automotive industry. North American Automotive Supplier Supply Chain Performance Study The study analyzes overall supplier performance across each various segments. 16 Annual Global CEO Survey Automotive CEOs see the industry’s global footprint changing.   What’s new? Recently released automotive sector content from PwC: Automotive Leasing Insight Lessee Accounting – Automotive Industry Innovating for future growth: Automotive assurance products’ strategy Looking ahead: Driving co-creation in the auto industry Charging Forward: PwC’s 2012 Electric Vehicle Study Consolidation in the Global Automotive Supply Industry 2012 New iPad Application! Click here to download the Autofacts Application for Iphone and Ipad.   Contact us Richard Hanna Global leader Automotive Tel: +1 (313) 878 8754 See full profile Alexander Unfried Global tax leader Automotive Tel:+49 711 25034 3216 See full profile   Autofacts ® Autofacts is a key strategic asset of PwC’s global automotive practice. Fully integrated with PwC’s more than 4,800 global automotive professionals, Autofacts provides ongoing auto industry analysis our clients use to shape business strategy, assess implications and support a variety of operational decisions. The Autofacts team also draws from the strengths of PwC’s marketing, sales and financial services groups to support other key areas of automotive companies’ functions. Since 1985, our market-tested approach, diverse service offerings and dedication to client service have made Autofacts a trusted advisor throughout the industry. For more information, visit www.autofacts.com    Member firms Site map RSS Contact us 2010-2013 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Privacy Cookies info Legal About site provider     