  Call Now: (360) 943-5993 Mon - Fri 7:30am - 5:00pm 1025 Black Lake Blvd SW #2B Navigation Home About Us Our Services What We Offer Oil Changes / 3K Service Transmissions Domestic German Japanese Courtesy Shuttle Used Car Evaluations Our Location Bron's Blog Request an Appointment Read Customer Reviews > Home About Us Our Services What We Offer Oil Changes / 3K Service Transmissions Domestic German Japanese Courtesy Shuttle Used Car Evaluations Our Location Brons Blog Request an Appointment Read Customer Reviews >  Bron's Automotive – Be Confident and Secure When you Drive. We always perform a quick, free courtesy inspection to ensure that your car is safe and reliable for you and your family and friends. From brakes to tune ups to timing belts, we do it all. At Bron's Automotive, we’ll worry about your car so you don’t have to.  Bron's Automotive – What makes us Different? Watch this brief video to find out what sets Bron's apart from all the other repair shops. At Bron's, we will only recommend a service or repair if we would do the same work on our wife’s or Mom’s car. Take Advantage of our Courtesy Shuttle Bron's Automotive can give you a ride to work, home, or town while we take care of your vehicle, then give you a ride back to the shop when your vehicle is ready for pickup. If you live or work in Lacey, Olympia, or Tumwater, it’s part of our service to you.  Read Our Reviews See what our customers are saying. We’re a small, family owned business and we strive to provide the best customer service in town. Read Customer Reviews   Read Customer Reviews Olympia's Complete Auto Repair Center – Servicing German, Japanese and Domestic Cars, Trucks, and SUV’s. Why Bron's? Our Mission, Warranty and Green Business Designation Services ASE certified mechanics provide auto repair and maintenance services that keep your factory warranty in effect. Services include oil change, transmission repair, tune ups and brake repair — both foreign and domestic. Olympia’s full-service auto repair shop. Read More... About Us Trust your vehicle to the finest car repair center in Olympia. AAA approved and locally owned, you can rely on us for all repair and maintenance needs. With over 100 years of combined experience, "We care for your car like we care for our own". Read More... Bron's Blog What do you do when the nearest dealer for your make of vehicle is in Tacoma? I’m talking about Volkswagen, Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Mini-Cooper, Land Rover, Jaguar, and Lexus. Does this mean you have to take the day off and drive to Tacoma to get your vehicle...  Read More... Our Warranty The Bron’s Automotive Inc. warranty on parts and labor is 2 years 24,000 miles, whichever comes first. It covers normal usage and the work must be performed in our shop and cannot exceed the original cost of repairs. Our warranty does not include... Read More... Our Green Business Bron’s Automotive has received a ”Green Business” designation from the Thurston County Chamber of Commerce. We are a very eco-friendly shop and take every precaution against polluting our water and land. We also recycle oil and other fluids... Read More... Mission Statement Our mission is to provide peace of mind for our customers regarding their vehicles. We do this by thoroughly inspecting vehicles when we see them, making only recommendations appropriate to safe operation, long term vehicle reliability, and lower environmental impact... Read More...   Copyright © 2013 by Bron's Automotive • Website Developed and Search Engine Optimized by Web-Sites-For-Less.com • Olympia, WA • 360.427.2988  