 Certified pre-owned Home Models Inventory Innovation myAudi Search   Find a dealer  About Audi  Help  Careers  Disclaimer  Privacy policy  Interest based ads  Audi collection store  Certified pre-owned  Audi Certified pre-owned vehicles Scrutiny is in the eye of the beholder. Once a vehicle passes our comprehensive 300+ point inspection process, you'll find it difficult to tell the difference between a new Audi and an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle. We are sure you will appreciate our attention to detail and the absence of uncertainty in owning an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle. Welcome to Audi. View the Audi Certified pre-owned experience video Find your Certified pre-owned Audi Being obsessive has its bright side Over 300 of them. With more than 300, methodical checkpoints, the Audi Certified pre-owned program's rigorous inspection process sets a shining example among luxury automakers. See the Audi Certified pre-owned Inspection and Certification Checklist Miles of possibilities The peace of mind to drive it. In addition to our signature performance and luxury, Audi Certified pre-owned vehicles come with up to six years or 100,000 total miles of limited warranty coverage, giving you the confidence to experience Audi Certified pre-owned ownership.¹ Learn more about our limited warranty Audi Certified pre-owned Limited Warranty Transfer Application Audi Certified pre-owned program comparison See how we stand out against the competition. To see an overview of how Audi Certified pre-owned compares to other automakers' programs, refer to the chart below. Download the program comparison  1. A comprehensive 300+ point inspection. With 114 exterior checkpoints, 89 interior check-points, 39 engine checkpoints, 42 undercarriage checkpoints, and 18 road-test checkpoints, no other manufacturer can lay claim to a more thorough Certified pre-owned inspection process. Thats a good thing for you, because while the road can be tough on any vehicle, with a comprehensive 300+ point inspection behind every Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle, you can be sure the road ahead will be paved with security. 2. Up to 6 years or 100,000 total vehicle miles of limited warranty coverage. With an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle, you not only get an impressive luxury vehicle, you also get the peace of mind that comes with up to 6 years or 100,000 total vehicle miles of limited warranty coverage. That means your Audi will have a solid backing. To put this into perspective, lets just say you have the desire to explore every last mile of the U.S. Interstate Highway System. With this kind of warranty behind you, theres no reason you couldnt do so in total confidence, especially knowing you can pull into any one of our dealerships across the country, should an unlikely mechanical issue arise. 3. The Audi Certified pre-owned program offers exceptional benefits. When you purchase an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle, you can count on receiving benefits that live up to our legendary brand. From 24/7 roadside assistance (which includes towing and trip interruption reimbursement) to easy transferability of the Certified pre-owned Limited Warranty to a subsequent owner, we are there for you every step of the way. Plus, with a comprehensive CARFAX® Vehicle History Report required for every vehicle, you can focus on what you love to do most: driving your Audi. 4. Our vehicles are built to last. We know our vehicles will be on the road for a long time, so it makes sense that we design our parts to last at least as long as the vehicle is on the road, and in some cases longer. 5. Our vehicles are designed to stand the test of time. By looking to the past, we create designs that wont go out of style in the future. Just consider our iconic Audi Singleframe® grille. Its design dates back to 1935, but its iconic look is just as striking today as it was nearly 80 years ago. So what do design features like this mean for you? Youll never have to worry about your Certified pre-owned Audi looking outdated, and the time-less design will help retain its value. 6. The driver is top of mind. Our team of world-class automotive designers and engineers work tirelessly to make sure that every Audi is not only a stunning work of art, but also an exceptionally engaging vehicle to drive. This is apparent from the moment you sit in the drivers seat to the moment you power through the apex of a turn on a twisty mountain road. Weve had the driver in mind since the beginning, and were proud to say it. 7. Purchase the Audi you've always dreamed about. Get behind the wheel of the Audi thats been on your mind from the start. By purchasing an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle, youll have the chance to get into your ideal model at an exceptional value. This is an opportunity to make your automotive dreams come true — dont let it drive past. 8. Every Audi vehicle goes through rigorous testing during development. 7.5 million. Thats the average number of miles our test team puts on Audi vehicles in a given year. Testing in every environment imaginable, from the scorching desert of the United Arab Emirates to the frozen tundra of Northern China. On top of that, every vehicle spends a considerable amount of time at our state-of-the-art factory testing facilities, so you can take comfort in the fact that every Audi has been thoroughly tested with a second owner in mind. 9. We've made owning an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle even better. With special financing and extended vehicle service contracts, you can add ease and certainty to your Audi Certified pre-owned experience. Audi Financial Services offers financing with competitive interest rates and terms, while our wide range of available coverage options gives you everything from extended service benefits with an Audi Pure Protection Certified pre-owned Service Contract to comprehensive protection with a Ding Shield Service Plan. Its just our way of making owning an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle exceptional from start to finish. 10. We are committed to making you a lifelong Audi fan. Even after you drive off in your dream car, we pledge to do everything we can to keep the dream alive by offering you an ownership experience that rivals even those of the most exclusive clubs in the world. This applies to everything from the initial purchase to scheduled maintenance visits to the moment youre ready to purchase another Audi. Expect us to go out of our way to ensure that being an Audi owner is one of the most fulfilling experiences youll ever have. Audi Certified pre-owned Top ten reasons to own In addition to our demanding inspection process, confidence inspiring warranty coverage, and the world-renowned luxury performance of every Audi. We have ten compelling reasons to own an Audi Certified pre-owned vehicle. Download the top ten brochure Financing Audi Financial Services offers an easy application process, convenient payment plans, and competitive interest rates with flexible terms. Learn more about Audi financing Offers Learn about special offers currently available for Audi Certified pre-owned vehicles in your area. Please enter your ZIP code: Search View Special Offers Find your Audi Ready to become an owner of an Audi? Your search begins here. Find Audi Certified pre-owned vehicles near you ¹See dealer for limited warranty details. Explore Audi Find a dealer About Audi Help Careers Disclaimer Privacy policy Interest based ads Audi collection store Audi of America. All rights reserved. © Copyright 2013 [if lt IE 9]>