 Top College News Subscribe to the Newsletter Home Join us Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Visit Our YouTube Channel View Our Photos on Flickr Subscribe to our RSS feed Sign up for Our Newsletter   Login | Register Receive campus news in your inbox. Sign up for the email edition. The Suffolk Voice News Arts & Entertainment Sports Baseball Football Hockey Basketball Features Columnists SAVW Opinion Style Multimedia Blogs The Huddle The Suffolk Space Out About Us Contact Us The Suffolk Voice  Arts & Entertainment "Nikita" Returns With More Action, Humor & Romance TV Review Published: Monday, January 31, 2011 Updated: Monday, January 31, 2011 20:01  Jan Thijs / The CW Related Articles "Nikita," Back Again for a Fourth Time The highly anticipated return of "Nikita" returned last Thursday with Alex (Lyndsy Fonseca) finally free to live outside Division quarters. She is also given her first car, a cover job, and her very own apartment, but she soon finds out that she's not entirely free from Division. Michael (Shane West) drives Alex to her new home, throws her the keys to her new car and lets her explore the apartment she is to stay in. Her words after examining the place, "It'll do." Michael tells Alex she is free to do whatever she pleases when she's not on duty, just as long as it doesn't blow her cover. But Alex, accustomed to the life inside of Division headquarters, doesn't know what to do her first day alone. However, Alex's newfound freedom is distracting her from what she's learned about relationships with civilians and her neighbor, Nathan (Thad Luckinbill), has caught her eye. Fortunately, working on the outside gives Alex the opportunity to meet up with Nikita (Maggie Q) in person instead of the usual computer conversations they would have. Alex tries to keep her focus on her job while maintaining a normal life for herself, but when she's invited to Nathan's house party she almost blows her cover after flipping a man on to the floor when he tries to dance with her. The scene was by far the funniest in the episode. Everyone stares speechless and Alex runs out of the house apologizing to Nathan who later invites her to go out with him, which she does. Other than trying to adjust to her new life outside of Division, Alex faces a new problem Nikita keeps a secret from her. Percy, Division's mastermind, has implemented a kill chip (a kind of tracking chip that can kill with the push of a button) in the back of Alex's head and Nikita makes it her priority to get access to controlling the chip. Nikita gets Ryan, an analyst who was in trouble with Division earlier this season and almost got killed by Michael, to arrest Birkhoff and interrogate him into giving up his password to Division's security system. Nikita needs it to access Alex's kill chip and control the site of her whereabouts. After Ryan fails to retrieve the password from Birkhoff, Nikita steps in and Birkhoff uses his password on a television in the room to send a message to Division to come rescue him. When Michael sees the message and learns that Nikita is behind it, he rushes to find Birkhoff and capture Nikita for good. Like always Nikita escapes, leaving Michael watching her run off. Unlike before where Michael would let Nikita off a couple of times, he now seems to be interested in capturing her to stop her from interfering with Division's future missions. "Nikita" seems to have more humor added to the action-filled plots, but will Alex and Nikita be able to stop Division if Alex is not working on the inside to find information? And more importantly, will sparks continue to fly between Alex and Nathan? Watch the next episode -- airing on Thursday, February 3rd at 9 p.m. on the CW  to find out. Recommended: Articles that may interest you  secParents; Join us Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Visit Our YouTube Channel View Our Photos on Flickr Subscribe to our RSS feed Sign up for Our Newsletter   Most Popular Most Popular The Real Fighter: “Irish” Micky Ward and Dicky Eklund ABC Family Planning "Secret Life" Spin-off Featuring Pregnant Male Eminem Re-Ups His Career With New Album Name-brand vs. Drugstore Mascara Film Review: "THE CAMPAIGN"   - The Suffolk Voice Suffolk University's 24-hour online news source A Division of Suffolk University New Media Productions This site is powered by: Official Music Sponsor: 