 Skip to main content  AE News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤  Arts  Entertainment  Performing Arts Arts and Entertainment shocking secret moments (Photos) Comment Share Share Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Googleplus Google+ Email Email Print Print See also Performing Arts BroadwayGlobal Broadway Global broadway viral Theatre Chat Richard Cameron View 8 photos Camera Arts and Entertainment shocking secret moments (BroadwayGlobal) Richard Cameron Miracle Theatre Examiner Subscribe Follow: Related Photo: BroadwayGlobal Advertisement August 23, 2013 Social Media has made it easy to share shocking or disturbing pictures. Sharing stunning videos with millions of re-post has become daily news feed on your Facebook wall. Arts and Entertainment events on Broadway are just starting to realize the new format to market for " word of mouth ". BroadwayGlobal is giving you a chance to go viral so read carefully. Broadway, TV Movies and even you, we all must accept that viral Social Media post and re-post links are the new way to get the word out. Even this article offers share buttons for Facebook and Twitter, because a re-post could bring hit numbers up to thousands, millions or billions, which share the message of keeping arts alive, just like a current off Broadway play that mirrors Russia's human rights issues . With millions of shared shocking pictures, videos, and secret stories shared every second on Instagram , Twitter, Facebook , we have also been educated quickly. Not everything we read or see on the wild-web is what it seams! Many times a wild-web post has been photo shopped, or edited to capture your attention. They are hoping that your re-post or re-share on Social Media will bring attention to their brand and marketing ploy. It's not a bad thing. It made you smile. That captivating shocking picture or secret video that you shared on your Facebook wall worked. Remember doing that? What made you do it? Now use that knowledge for your own brand, to market to your target audience. When Lady Gaga posted herself without make-up, that one personal photo share was re-posted with breaking numbers. A clever post or re-post on Social Media is cost effective. The effect of one viral post cannot be matched, not even with unaffordable cost of a front page ad in the newspaper, or a commercial on a network TV. BroadwayGlobal shares your chance to go viral below, so keep reading. Marketing that exposes shocking, sexy, secrets, wedding proposals, falls, fights, political issues, police car chase... they all have become the norm to get your attention. Have you ever noticed driving your car, that commercial that beeps, that car horn sound, or police siren? It got your attention! Did it not? Let's face it, readers fall for the headline first, then the Social Media viral picture, or video. If they can capture you enough to re-post it, they did their job! When you see a movie star arrested, with hair messed up and looking like death mourned over, you want to re-post or share it don't you? Our society relishes in failure, so when a theatre critic post a review like " Five Guys Named Moe" as "Five Guys and One Moeisha" it captures your attention. You might even re-post the viral headline, picture or video because it made you laugh. Why? Because we want to share that laugh, cry, experience with friends who get our humor, or who respect our opinion. What gets your attention when it comes to Broadway? Will pictures of Tony Award winning Andre DeShields ( The Wiz , The Full Monty, Ain't Misbehavin ', The Jungle Book ) past and present photos that are included in our slide show? Maybe, Broadway stars pictured in " Then and Now " or Broadway secrets of canned vocal hitting that eight times a week high note? The Broadway casting company that cast the show before the auditions.. Do Broadway casting companies have to much power on final stars? The behind the scenes, back stage exclusive on "War Horse" , stories that are true and simple catch the attention of Broadway arts lovers, who want that inside look. Many Broadway stars also understand the importance of fans with Facebook or Twitter fan accounts, groups or pages that help promote that next show, concert or TV project. You Tube accounts like Theatre Chat's www.youtube.com/TheaterChat help share the easy and free way to post auditions or show information that patrons support. "The You Tube account of a brother getting his finger bit by little baby sister, sitting in the car seat, or the teacher who showed his personality on stage through the evolution of dance are great video examples that millions and billions of fans were captured. That audience can comment, post, re-post with record breaking hits and numbers that can promote your next project." Theatre Chat . PSY Gangnum Style record breaking You Tube hits, or the Harlem Shake videos could promote your next project. Think it out like a marketing firm, a company that gets paid to capture your target market audience by age, sex or gender. You can also capture your audience. Our Broadway breaking news articles that include Cindi Lauper's " Kinky Boots " , new Broadway cast recording of "Pippin" , Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs viral forgetful lyrical moment, BroadwayGlobal's top pick Broadway Musicals and many more. They all promote Theatre Chat 's 30 city/state groups that share auditions and show information for free. Sharing a sexy way to promote " The Scottsborro Boys ", a serious musical about innocent men accused of a rape crime, with a promotional pictures of rippled stars with shirts off, like the top ten NYC Fireman Calender, could bring attention to a musical with a theme and heartfelt human rights story that is not easy to introduce to our society. With a clever take or idea, you can also capture an audience even when the subject matter it not easy to discuss in public. Social Media makes it less abrasive and easily assessable. You don't have to be Reality Show spoilers, Ben Affleck starring as Bat Man , or Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's sharing that one baby picture. But, you must learn today's Social Media technologies to market you. What Broadway shocking secret moments will get your message viral for breaking numbers of re-post? The new form of " word of mouth " is how you can do it, and BroadwayGlobal shares how below. Twelve millon Broadway show tickets sell because of "Word of Mouth ". BroadwayGlobal and Theatre Chat want to highlight you. Yes, You! If you can capture our readers attention for a viral Social Media driven story, with an arts project that could change the globe, then send your arts project, with logo, pictures, You Tube clip, with credits... send to theatrechat@me.com . Your "Arts Project" could be spotlighted right here in our next Arts and Entertainment , shocking secret moments article. The article could be shared with Theatre Chat's 180,000 shares and growing. Next View the slideshow Report  View the discussion thread.  Next article Stone Temple Pilots coming to town in Sept-wait wasnt Scott...  Related slideshow Little musical Dames at Sea gets big Broadway tapping legs to set... Camera 5 Photos Advertisement Performing Arts August 27, 2013 Brand new Disney XD comedy series Neckpee Island casting calls underway August 27, 2013 The Color Purple – the Musical about Love August 27, 2013 Fall in Chicago offers all kinds of dance—from fairy tale to free-for-all August 27, 2013 Jimmy Tingle and Boston comedy legends to honor Bob Lazarus on September 22 August 27, 2013 Out Of Bounds Comedy Festival, heres what you should see! Load more  Advertisement  Performing Arts Warner Bros. Pictures feature film Man of Steel 2 casting calls underway A new world in which pole dancing is void of stripping and tipping Open casting call for Sony Pictures film starring Bradley Cooper, Rachel McAdams Cheryl Cole’s tattoo artist reveals full rose butt tattoo on Instagram Fiercely funny ladies of comedy Load more Advertisement Arts & Entertainment Was the Smith family really reacting to Miley's performance or was it something else? Video Watch Annoying celebs: The Hollywood stars who should just go away Camera 10 Stars Facebook fan page wants Amanda out of the 'Big Brother' house Spoiler Alert Why casting the rest of Affleck's 'Good Will Hunting' co-stars in superhero roles is genius Camera 6 Photos Find out why Kate Gosselin is suing her ex-husband Jon Gosselin Reality TV Drama See what Kim Kardashian had to say about her baby daddy's VMAs performance Her Reaction  AE News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Googleplus Pinterest Company Links About us OnTopic custom content Advertise with us Career opportunities Examiner.com blog Today in Photos Sitemap Arts & Entertainment |  2006-2013 Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com  Privacy Policy  Terms of Use  About us  Featured Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Interviews Celebrity Style Hot Bodies Movies Summer Movies Comedy Horror Drama TV Reality TV Big Brother True Blood Americas Got Talent More topics Music YA Fiction Cultural Arts Animation Performing Arts Arts and Exhibits Books More topics Featured Food and Recipes Food Recipes Drinks Restaurants Spa and Beauty Makeup Skin Care Spas Hair and Nails Travel Budget Travel Local Getaways Airlines Travel Deals More topics Autos and Motorcycles Bars and Clubs DIY Mechanic Home Improvement Hobbies More topics Featured Home and Living Weddings Gardening Home Improvement Decorating Pets Dogs Cats Other Pets Pet News Family and Parenting Parenting Issues Single Parenting Child Safety Toys Games and Gear More topics Fashion Health and Fitness Education Religion and Spirituality Weight Loss and Dieting Relationships Green Living Nutrition Neighborhoods More topics Featured Politics Political Buzz Democrat Republican Political Issues News Top News Strange News Crime and Courts Extreme Weather Business and Finance Personal Finance Small Business Industry Marketing and PR More topics Science and Space Stock Market Immigration Policy and Issues Gun Control Environment Weather and Climate Independent Nonpartisan More topics Featured Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Recreation Fight Sports Action Sports Endurance Sports Recreational Sports Outdoor Rec and Adventure Hunting and Fishing Hiking Camping Water Sports More topics College Sports General Sports Running Soccer Fantasy Sports MiLB Fight Sports Motorsports More topics Featured Games Consoles Xbox One Playstation 4 PC Games Gadgets and Tech Tech Gear Tablets iPhone Google Glass Internet Social Media Tech Research Facebook Anonymous More topics Card Games Handheld Games MMOGs Other Games Photography More topics Follow Us Twitter Facebook GooglePlus User login  do not change Contact Email Contact Email2 Contact Url Subscribe to Blog Remember my Info Log in Sign in with your email and password. Or reset your password . Email * Password * Write for us Interested in becoming an Examiner and sharing your experience and passion? We're always looking for quality writers. Find out more about Examiner.com and apply today! Learn more   