  Search this site:  Sections Most Popular  Politics Op-Ed A Women Comedy Art Dept Business Advocate Money Minute Health Travel Print Issue Video Subscribe Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News Updates  Commentary Op-ed: In Defense of Aging People Prime Timers: A New Age for Activism Marriage Equality Half of New Mexico's Citizens Now Enjoy Marriage Equality Commentary Op-ed: I Was a 17-Year-Old Cougar Politics Russian Lawmaker Wants to Offer Free 'Ex-Gay' Therapy Commentary Gay Rights Finally Are Human Rights — Here and Abroad Arts & Entertainment Television Sara Gilbert Asks Adam Carolla To Explain His Antigay Humor BY Jeremy Kinser June 20 2012 11:55 AM ET  During an appearance on the CBS interview program The Talk , Adam Carolla defends his sometimes antigay humor to host Sara Gilbert, saying that nice jokes aren't funny. Gilbert gently chided the comedian about some antigay remarks he's made in the past, mentioning that he's also participated in antihate campaigns. "Just to set the record straight, how do you feel about us gay people?" she asks. "I wish more people were gay," Carolla offers, before adding the curious explanation. "If you've driven over to the gay part of town in Los Angeles, it's a golf course." Carolla defends his remarks as being part of his stage persona. "If someone says to me what you think of your mother-in-law and I go, 'Oh, she's a delight, I love her dearly,' nobody laughs," he tells Gilbert. "So if somebody says, 'What do you think about Chaz Bono,' I have to say something that's horrible, so I can get a laugh. And then everyone goes, 'Oh, that's what you think?' I'm on stage! Nice doesn't get laughs, especially on stage, that's what I'm saying." Carolla suggests that comics should get a pass. “When did we start holding comedians up to the level of politicians and school teachers?" he asks. "We are comedians, we’re supposed to say these things…I’m not saying hurtful things. We make no policies. I don’t control anything, I just tell jokes.” Last year GLAAD scolded Carolla for alleged jokes, such as stating that the LGBT acronym should be changed to YUCK. Herndon Graddick, who is now the organization's president, released a statement last August that said, “Given his history of antigay and racist comments, networks and advertisers should know what their money is supporting if they choose to hire Adam Carolla. The gross intolerance that he tries to pass off as comedy should not have a place on our airwaves.” The “history” Graddick refers to is a reference to to statement Carolla made while cohosting the radio show Loveline , in which he claimed that gay parents were “not as good as straight parents.” Watch the clip from The Talk below. AddThis  more in Television NBC Says New Sean Hayes Sitcom Is 'a Post-Gay Show' WATCH: Sherry Vine Gets Hopped Up with Lady Bunny Sherry Vine Dishes with Pam Ann on Salmon Throwing SheZow Bends Gender, Enrages One Million Moms  READER COMMENTS ( )  most popular Op-ed: In Defense of Aging Gay Russian Teen Uses Twitter to Fight Homophobia Op-ed: I Was a 17-Year-Old Cougar Half of New Mexico's Citizens Now Enjoy Marriage Equality Lesbian Poet Slams Homophobic 'Straight People' With Incredible Performance Prime Timers: A New Age for Activism FOLLOW US Sign Up For Email Updates  Got an iPad? Download The Advocate Discovery app. Yes, it's free! LATEST NEWS Travel Tel Aviv to Erect Monument to Gays Persecuted by Nazis  52 min 52 sec ago Politics Gay Russian Teen Uses Twitter to Fight Homophobia  56 min 11 sec ago Women Op-Ed: Slut-Shaming Miley Cyrus  1 hour 1 min ago Women WATCH: Men on ESPN, ABC Claim Billie Jean King's Infamous 'Battle of The Sexes' Victory Was Rigged  1 hour 6 min ago Marriage Equality Half of New Mexico's Citizens Now Enjoy Marriage Equality  1 hour 41 min ago Travel Shot of the Day: Boys Enjoying Some Southern Exposure  2 hours 10 min ago Women Demi Lovato to Guest Star as Naya Rivera's Love Interest on 'Glee'  2 hours 11 min ago MORE STORIES TWITTER Tweets from @TheAdvocateMag/advocate-staff  Daily News Updates Staff Contact Submissions Career Opportunities Subscribe Subscriber Services Visit our Websites Gay.net Gay.com Out.com Advocate.com HereTV.com OutTraveler.com SheWired.com HIVPLUSMag.com Privacy Policy User Agreement Community Guidelines Legal Notice Advertise With Us  2013, Here Media Inc. All Rights Reserved   