 Skip to content Skip to search Skip to website navigation Skip to section navigation Skip to bottom My Account Catalogue Contact Us Help  Our web sites Our catalogue Community Information Heritage Kids Teens: the Pulse / te Auaha the Source Recreation Reference Heritage Teens Kids Mori Community Business Learning You are here: Home  Internet Gateway : Entertainment and Recreation : Books, Literature and Reading Reference In Reference Home Art and design Converters Internet Gateway New Titles: Non-fiction Research Help Science Search Society Subject Guides the Source   Our selection of useful websites Books, Literature and Reading Categories Audiobooks Authors Bestsellers Book Clubs Book Reviews  News Books and Literature Festivals and Events Children's Literature Ebooks Literary Magazines Literary Prizes and Awards New Zealand Online Texts Organisations Poetry Publishing  Printing Quotations Science Fiction  Fantasy Series and Sequels Shakespeare Sites Books and Authors Explore the latest fiction and non-fiction, and find out about authors. Profiles, plot summaries and awards information. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . Literature Resource Center Research the most-studied authors and literary disciplines. Biographies, bibliographies and critical analysis, plus reviews, poems and short stories from journals and magazines. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . NoveList K8 Plus Find new authors and reading options using your favourite writer, book or story as a starting point. Search by age group, title, author, series or genre. NoveList Plus Find new authors and reading options using your favourite writer, book or genre as a starting point. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . OverDrive Free audiobook and e-book collection. Contains some Project Gutenberg titles. Regularly updated. Requires free OverDrive software installation. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . Popular Magazines Articles from the most searched for magazine titles based on searches performed by library customers. Titles range from Time, National Geographic, Newsweek and Fortune to Vanity Fair, Men's Health and Sports Illustrated. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . Short Story Index A detailed index of more than 76,500 stories from more than 4,025 collections. This reference database grows by 4,000 records each year, and includes coverage dating back to 1984. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . The Cambridge Guide to Literature in English Published by Cambridge University Press, 1993. Electronic Resource from Credo reference. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . The Concise Oxford Companion to African American Literature Published by Oxford University Press, 2000. Electronic Resource from Oxford Reference Online. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . The Concise Oxford Companion to American Literature Published by Oxford University Press, 1996. Electronic Resource from Oxford Reference Online. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . The Concise Oxford Companion to English Literature Published by Oxford University Press, 1996. Electronic Resource from Oxford Reference Online. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . The Concise Oxford Companion to Irish Literature Published by Oxford University Press, 2000. Electronic Resource from Oxford Reference Online. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . The Concise Oxford Dictionary of Literary Terms Published by Oxford University Press, 1996. Electronic Resource from Oxford Reference Online. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . Literature @ Credo referenceplus A collection of reference books covering Literature. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . Literature @ Oxford Reference Online A collection of reference books covering Literature. Access this with your library card number and PIN , or at our libraries . AustLit AustLit is a non-profit collaboration between ten Australian Universities and the National Library of Australia providing authoritative information on hundreds of thousands of creative and critical Australian literature works relating to more than 75,000 Australian authors and literary organisations. Its coverage spans 1780 to the present day. BookCrossing.com - Read and Release! Bookseller + Publisher Bookseller + Publisher Online, incorporating the Weekly Book Newsletter, is the online information portal for book industry professionals in Australia, New Zealand and the Asia-Pacific region. Cambridge History of English  American Literature From Bartleby.com Chicklit Aims to increase your chick lit reading pile to towering heights; to provide a fun place to browse for books and chat with other fans of the genre; and to provide the latest, greatest and most thorough chick lit information available. Decameron Web This mini-library or virtual encyclopedia includes the text, sources, translations, annotations and commentaries, bibliographies, a growing selection of critical and interpretive essays, as well as visual and audio materials. Encyclopedia Mythica Mythology, mysticism and folklore from around the world. Provides articles, images, genealogy tables and correct pronunciations. Geoffrey Chaucer and the Canterbury Tales Provides a wide range of glossed Middle English texts and translations of analogues relevant to Chaucers works, as well as selections from relevant works by earlier and later writers, critical articles from a variety of perspectives, graphics, and general information on life in the Middle Ages. Goodreads Get great book recommendations from people you know. Keep track of what you've read and what you'd like to read. Form a book club, answer book trivia, collect your favorite quotes. Google Book Search The Holy Grail by Sir Thomas Malory From Bartleby.com The Internet Classics Archive The emphasis here is on writers of Western antiquity, though works by some Eastern masters are included. Over 400 manuscripts are online - including the great poems of Homer, Ovid, Virgil, and Omar Khayyam, as well as the usual works from Plato's agora set. Library Booklists and Bibliographies This website consists of four sections: original booklists on various topics, primarily but not entirely focused on themes, places, characters, and plots of crime novels; annotated lists of other booklists, primarily but not entirely focused on fiction, for adults, kids, and teens; a growing calendar of authors' birthdates, organised by month, with links; and some resources for reading groups (discussion questions, recommended books, how to start a group, etc.). LibraryThing LibraryThing is an online service to help people catalogue their books. Because everyone catalogues together, LibraryThing also connects people with the same books, comes up with suggestions for what to read next, and so forth. MysteryNet Online mysteries, mystery games, mystery books and resources. For everyone who enjoys a mystery. The Online Medieval and Classical Library A collection of Medieval and Classical texts Open Book Programme looking at new fiction and non-fiction books, talking to authors and publishers and unearthing lost classics. From BBC Radio 4 Overbooked Overbooked specializes in providing timely information about literary & genre fiction as well as readable nonfiction. Includes author web pages, reviews, themed and title booklists. Pacific Rim Voices Pacific Rim Voices consists of a series of projects - the Kiriyama Prize, the young readers website PaperTigers, and an online literary magazine, WaterBridge Review - centered on books and reading as a means to encourage greater understanding of and among the peoples and nations of the Pacific Rim and South Asia. Seattle Public Library: Reading Lists Collection of reading lists for children, teens, and adults, created by staff at the Seattle Public Library. Includes a series of lists on Pacific Northwest explorers and travellers, fiction set in Seattle and Washington state, Seattle mysteries, local science fiction and fantasy authors, and more. Teleread News  views about e-books, libraries, publishing and related topics. The Thrilling Detective Uchronia: The Alternate History List Uchronia: The Alternate History List is a bibliography of over 2800 novels, stories, essays and other printed material involving the "what ifs" of history. WaterBridge Review Aims to celebrate and promote the world of books from and about the Pacific Rim and South Asia. Whichbook.net Search for books by genre or type, including happy/sad, conventional/weird, funny/serious, romantic/realist, sex/no sex, and types of characters, plots, settings, etc. Each book has a reader comment, sometimes an extract, and the option to search for similar titles.  Terms of Use Digital Library About the Library Library Locations 