   Tuesday, August 27, 2013 NYDailyNews.com / Music & Arts  Follow @nydailynews Jobs Classifieds Contests Reader Offers Home Delivery Services Apps Search Field site web blogs Powered by Yahoo  Daily News America New York Local News  Politics Sports  Showbiz  More of Showbiz : Gossip TV  Movies Music  Arts Buy Tickets Comics  Games Showbiz Pics Blogs  Opinion  Living  Photos  Video Autos   Music & Arts ​​  Robin Thicke's mother reacts to Miley Cyrus' VMAs performance Robin Thicke's mother, Gloria Loring, was no fan of Miley Cyrus' raunchy performance at the VMAs. A correspondent for Yahoo! joined the "Blurred Lines" singer's mother as she saw her son dance with the 20-year-old Cyrus onstage Sunday night. Robin Thicke debuts 'Give It 2 U' music video after VMAs performance So that's what the foam finger was all about. On Monday, Robin Thicke unveiled his new music video for "Give It 2 U," featuring several elements of his controversial VMAs performance with Miley Cyrus. Lance Bass: Nothing else planned for *NSYNC after VMAs performance The *NSYNC reunion at the Video Music Awards delighted the hearts of longtime fans yearning to see the famous five take the stage again, but according to one member - the 110-second walk down memory lane may have been all the reunion we'll get.  Taylor Swift, Harry Styles party together post-VMAs Taylor Swift may know Harry Styles is trouble but that didn't stop her from partying with her ex post the VMAs Sunday night. The 23-year-old singer posed for a pic alongside Styles and tourmate Ed Sheeran while hanging out together at SoHo Grand Hotel Club Room in New York City after the show. Dr. Luke not joining ‘Idol’ due to conflict of interest: report Hit music producer Dr. Luke will not be joining the judges' panel for the singing reality show's 13th season, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Previous Next Comics  Games ​​  Sudoku Mega: Play Now!   Garfield: Read Now!   Peanuts: Read Now!   Daily Jumble: Play Now!   Goodie Mob, 'Age Against the Machine': Album...  Fourteen years have flown off the calendar since the madcap Cee Lo Green issued a CD with his original hip-hop posse, Goodie Mob. Rescue time for guys who dance like a dunce  If it weren’t for the Black Eyed Peas, Nick Taylor wouldn’t have realized he had a problem with his feet — and he wouldn’t have sought the treatment he so desperately needed. Eminem's reveals new album title, release dat...  Eminem didn’t need to twerk up against Robin Thicke - or even be at the Barclays Center - to make some noise during Sunday night’s VMAs. The rapper dropped a 15-second tease for one of the tracks of h... JC Chasez says *NSYNC reunion was Justin Timb...  *NSYNC's performance at Sunday's MTV Video Music Awards tore up fans’ hearts everywhere, and according to group member JC Chasez, the epic reunion was all Justin Timberlake's idea. VMAs 2013: Celebs react to Miley Cyrus, Robin...  Miley Cyrus and Robin Thicke's jaw-dropping combined performance of "We Can't Stop" and "Blurred Lines" during the Video Music Awards was the talk of the town on Sunday night, but a lot of the chatter...  Billy Ray Cyrus tweets message after Miley’s racy VMAs performance  Billy Ray Cyrus not only knows his daughter, Miley Cyrus, can't be tamed, he appears to be supporting it. Viewer's reaction to Cyrus' raunchy MTV Video Music Award performance with Robin Thicke Sunday... Rock is dead ... at least as far as MTV VMAs are concerned  Every generation gets the VMAs it deserves. This year, that meant fans got wall-to-wall Top 40 pop at its most scrupulously mainstream. History of yoga to arrive at D.C.'s Smithsonian  This October, the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. will unveil the world's first-ever exhibit of yoga's visual history, called "Yoga: The Art of Transformation." Miley Cyrus' twerk causes knee-jerk reactions from conservatives  Conservative pundits have an ax to grind with Miley Cyrus’ incessant grinding. The former Disney star set tongues wagging during her twerking rampage on the MTV Video Music Awards — a performance that... Taylor Swift hints her new music will be ‘really intense’  The 23-year-old pop star, who won Best Female Video at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday for "I Knew You Were Trouble," gave some insight on the red carpet as to what (or who) will be featured next...  Robin Thicke's VMA outfit channels 'Beetlejuice'  VMAs 2013: Miley Cyrus uses foam hand as sexual prop  Miley Cyrus was the real winner at VMAs  Justin Timberlake pens open letter to fans after VMAs performance Celebs react to *NSYNC reunion at the VMAs  Taylor Swift reacts to Harry Styles with F-bomb at MTV Awards  The best and worst VMA red carpet style  Katy Perry performs 'Roar' under the Brooklyn Bridge Music News  Lady Gaga defends One Direction from booing audience  Harry Styles had a rough night at the VMAs this year. First, ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift was caught dropping an f-bomb in his direction as he appeared on stage with the rest of One Direction, after she... Rihanna watches Miley Cyrus, Drake with boredom at VMAs  If Rihanna had any fun at the Video Music Awards, she certainly hid it well. The Bajan beauty, 25, appeared to be utterly bored throughout the majority of the MTV awards show on Sunday night, barely s... Forest Hills works on a new serve with Mumford & Sons  Forest Hills Tennis Stadium is on the backswing. The long-closed venue will host its first concert in 16 years when Mumford & Sons take the stage on Wednesday. VMAs 2013: Danity Kane confirms reunion  There's another big reunion happening at the MTV VMAs on Sunday night, but instead of a boy band this time it's a popular girl group. Danity Kane, Diddy's "Making the Band" pop collaborative, confirme... VMAs 2013: Lady Gaga shares rehearsal photos ahead of opening performance  Lady Gaga shared a few photos from her Video Music Awards rehearsals, as the "Applause" singer prepares to open the big MTV show. The singer tweeted a couple of black and white snapshots of herself i... VMAs 2013: Katy Perry set to perform from under Brooklyn Bridge  Katy Perry is going to roar from under the Brooklyn Bridge on Sunday night. The singer, 28, was set to close out the MTV Video Music Awards from a secret location in Brooklyn - but fans of the "Teenag...  *NSYNC joins Twitter  Making up for lost time, the fellas of *NSYNC have just joined Twitter - and posted their first tweet. "Mic check, mic check one.. two...is this thing on?!" 'Anna Nicole,' opera about the pinup, heads to BAM  She was a Marilyn Monroe wanna-be, heaving in flash and flesh and, finally, tragedy. Anna Nicole Smith is now the subject of an audacious British opera following her from poor Texas waitress to mega-m... Hardly a dog's life for two pooches named Sunny  One’s in the White House. The other’s on the Great White Way. They’re both named Sunny — but only one can be top dog. America fell in love with the First Family’s brand-new Portuguese water dog this w... Brooklyn struck musical gold long before the VMAs  MTV’s decision to bus its 30-year-old Video Music Awards show out to Brooklyn may look like trend-hopping at its most obvious. But, history will note, the borough’s role as a birthplace for musical ta... Broadway legend Julie Harris dead at 87  The Broadway legend had a career that spanned nearly 60 years and included such diverse roles as Sally Bowles in 'I Am a Camera' and Emily Dickinson in 'The Belle of Amherst.' VMAs 2013: MTV Invades Brooklyn’s Barclays Center  The awards show, now in its 30th year, has ditched L.A. and Manhattan in favor of the Barclays Center, where the stage features a 60-foot inflatable Moonman extending from the arena floor.  Critics  Jim Farber Goodie Mob, 'Age Against the Machine': Album review Joe Dziemianowicz For good or bad, audiences are getting in on the act at theater performances Greg Thomas George Coleman Jr. is preserving his family's great musical legacy on film   Aug 27th, 3:43PM 'The Jean-Paul Sartre Cookbook' offers philosophical insight, omelet recipes BY: TAUSIF NOORWhat would satiate the man for whom the world meant a void of freedom, for whom existence superceded any idea of a human essence  Most Popular Most Read Most Shared 1 Eminem's reveals new album title, release date during VMAs 2 JC Chasez says *NSYNC reunion was Justin Timberlake’s idea 3 Robin Thicke debuts 'Give It 2 U' music video after VMAs performance 4 Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora booted from band: reports 5 Lance Bass: Nothing else planned for *NSYNC after VMAs performance 6 Goodie Mob, 'Age Against the Machine': Album review 7 Taylor Swift hints her new music will be ‘really intense’  8 Marvin Gaye's son implies Robin Thicke will face lawsuit 9 Lady Gaga strips down naked for Kickstarter art project 10 Forest Hills works on a new serve with Mumford & Sons  1 Lance Bass: Nothing else planned for *NSYNC after VMAs performance 2 Robin Thicke debuts 'Give It 2 U' music video after VMAs performance 3 Eminem's reveals new album title, release date during VMAs 4 Goodie Mob, 'Age Against the Machine': Album review 5 JC Chasez says *NSYNC reunion was Justin Timberlake’s idea 6 Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora booted from band: reports 7 Forest Hills works on a new serve with Mumford & Sons 8 Marvin Gaye's son implies Robin Thicke will face lawsuit 9 'Jersey Shore's' Deena Cortese announces new singing career 10 *NSYNC joins Twitter   Time to take a break! Test your skills with popular games including 7 Little Words, daily Sudoku, and crosswords.  Daily News Pix Musicans From the Beatles to Satchmo, from Billy Joel to Prince, the Daily News has backstage photos and behind the scenes shots you want. Find your legendary photo today. Buy a Print NY Daily News Local Business Directory Locate  Quickly find the goods and services you need  Air Conditioner Svc Auto Repair Garages Beauty Salons Carpet Cleaning Dentists Electricians Exterminators General Contractors Heating Contractors Home Improvement Svcs Insurance Coverage Landscapers Lawyers New Car Dealers Discover More Local Businesses   Music & Arts Photos  WATN: Boy Bands View Gallery  Rare shots of Elvis Presley's many cars revealed View Gallery  Beyonce's Mrs. Carter World Tour: Her hottest moments View Gallery  'The Silence of Dogs in Cars': Raw emotion of dogs left alone View Gallery  Musicians who are fashionably late to their own shows View Gallery  Stars party post-Grammy Awards View Gallery  Craziest outfits in Grammys history View Gallery  Photographer dangles over ledges for the perfect shot View Gallery  Artists snapped in 'The Moment After the Show' View Gallery  Finger portraits View Gallery  Ads by Yahoo!   Media Kit Autos Home Delivery Newsletters Businesses Place an Ad About our Ads Contact Us FAQ's Feeds Site Map  Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .   Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.  