  Contact Us Sign In Students Student e-Services Student Portal careersconnect@wsi WSI Online WSI Wikispaces WSI ePortfolio Employers Employer e-Services careersconnect@wsi Business Health Check Staff My TAFE – DEC Portal Webmail TVET Online Adobe Connect Search site Courses Enrolling Students Colleges Specialist Centres About WSI  Design, Creative Arts and Entertainment Home Specialist Centres Design, Creative Arts and Entertainment Design, Creative Arts and Entertainment Related Items Fine Arts Graphic Arts and Design Music and Entertainment Photography This is an exciting industry due to constant developments, opportunities for creativity and strong customer focus. This industry contributes to Australian culture and intersects with a number of other industries such as business, manufacturing and retail. Creative Arts careers include work as an artist, art dealer, curator, photographer, musician, music business manager, sound and lighting engineer, actor, production manager and much more. The areas of Graphic Arts and Design include interior design and decoration, multimedia, and graphic design.  WSIEntertainment incorporates music studies, live production and lighting, Music production and recording, music business and performing arts. The state-of-the-art facilities atWSI Entertainment in Nirimba feature some high quality and cutting-edge equipment that are currently used in the music industry. Visit this site to gain access to course information, audition advice, details about orientations and information sessions, expression of interest forms and applications, videos about teaching section and information on state of the art facilities and equipment used at WSI Entertainment Nirimba . Nepean Arts  Design Centre (NADC) at Nepean College (Kingswood Campus) offers a unique and friendly learning atmosphere that enables both staff and students to pursue excellence in teaching and learning within a wide range of arts and design disciplines. Be inspired, visit the NADC web site and view past works showcasedby our Design, Photoimagine and Fine Arts students, while on the site: view courses on offer visit our virtual gallery attend an exhibition at the Trapeziem Gallery read profiles about our dedicated staff. “Signs are everywhere in our day-to-day life: to regulate traffic, advertise businesses or promote products.” At the Western Sydney Institute Signage Centre at Mt Druitt you will learn on the latest technology required to produce a range of signs and visual display materials. The Signage Centre provides the latest Nationally Recognised Training for the Signage industry.  60 seconds with Tom Groves Course studied: Advanced Diploma of Graphic Design and Communication Tom Groves chose to study the Diploma and Advanced Diploma of Graphic Design to combine his interests in technology, art and design. Enjoying the hands-on aspects of creating work in his TAFE studies, Tom gained the skills and experience necessary to pursue his career as a graphic designer. He is now employed as a creative art worker for the Sydney Symphony Orchestra and as a freelance graphic designer. "I am very at home in the design industry. One day I would like to focus on work to do with my interests in contemporary art, music, design, fashion and culture." My WSI… "has wonderful teachers, modern facilities and familiar faces around campus." Put yourself in a course  Put yourself in a career path select your career path Animal Studies and Horse Industry Automotive, Logistics, Maritime and Transport Building Industry Business Services and Management Community Services and Health Design, Creative Arts and Entertainment Electrotechnology, Engineering and Manufacturing Environment and the Land Hairdressing and Beauty Hospitality, Tourism and Events Information Technology and Library Services Preparation for Work and Study Sport and Recreation Vocational and Further Study Pathways Put yourself in a college choose your college Blacktown Blue Mountains Mount Druitt Nepean Nirimba Richmond The Hills OTEN Distance Education Specialist Centres Animal Studies and Horse Industry Automotive, Logistics, Maritime and Transport Building Industry Business Services and Management Community Services and Health Design, Creative Arts and Entertainment Electrotechnology, Engineering and Manufacturing Environment and the Land Hairdressing and Beauty Hospitality, Tourism and Events Information Technology and Library Services Preparation for Work and Study Sport and Recreation Vocational and Further Study Pathways Enrolling Course and Career Guide Course Enquiry Course Vacancies How to Enrol Paying for Your Course Special Promotions VET FEE-HELP Colleges Blacktown Blue Mountains Mount Druitt Nepean Nirimba Richmond The Hills OTEN BISC Student Services Counselling  Careers Disability Support Indigenous Students International Students Library Services Online Learning About WSI Calendar How to Find Us Jobs@wsi News and Media Centre myWSI.com.au Accessibility Copyright Privacy Site Map Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Site Western Sydney Institute 2-10 O'Connell St Kingswood NSW 2747 131 870 (to contact colleges) (02) 9208 9999 (interstate callers)  