 NOW PLAYING Sean Hannity 2P - 5P Jokes, Humor, Humour, and Marketing Jokes and Puns Doctor, you've got to help my son. He thinks he's a smoke detector.  Calm down. There's no cause for alarm. NEXT JOKE: Why do elephants have trunks? Today's Joke We see that you are interested in Today's Joke . We hope that you enjoy visiting this page and return often. We update our jokes frequently. Here is some more interesting information that we would like to share. Direct Mail Marketing For well over a century direct mail marketing was a very powerful and legitimate way for large and small businesses to reach potential and existing customers. In fact, the United States Postal Service created several programs designed to make direct mail marketing as affordable as possible. These included providing 2nd class (newspapers and magazines) and 3rd class rates (bulk mail) affordable. In regards to bulk mail programs, deeper discounts were given when mail was designed to go all to one state, all to an area that involved the first three digits of a ZIP Code , or to an area that involved the first five digits of a ZIP Code. When a direct mail marketing campaign involved the use of what we now refer to as Snail Mail, marketers or their marketing companies would either use customers lists that were generated from their sales or other marketing activities or acquire lists from mailing list brokers. Mailing list brokers would act as an agent for various companies, which had developed in-house lists from customers to include subscribers. An entity that would use a list would rent a list for on-time use. Brokers would seed their lists with special addresses so that they could monitor any prohibited activities. Email Marketing Since anyone with an Internet account is a potential e-mail marketer, the ability to do Email Marketing has greatly helped legitimate direct mail marketers who prefer to use e-mail as an exclusive or additional conduit for their marketing efforts. It has also spawned the problem of marketers who indiscriminately send e-mail either to people who are appropriate for their products as well as those who indiscriminately send e-mail to anyone with an e-mail address. The big difference between traditional direct mail marketing and e-mail marketing is that as the latter is considered a low-cost alternative, the Internet has been crowded by excessive use. Therefore, the concept of Unsolicited Commercial E-mail (UCE) was developed. Unlike the previous system, which sent mail to anyone that the marketer thought to be appropriate, UCE is not as discriminating and therefore has the tendency to junk up personal and business e-mail accounts as well as place a tremendous burden on e-mail servers. The United States CAN-SPAM Act was designed to resolve some of these problems. However, as much of the most notorious bulk senders are from countries other than the US, this does little good to resolve the problems. Social Media Marketing Social Media Marketing , which generally involves the use of Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn, provides a low or no-cost alternative. Although Facebook and LinkedIn provide a few free methods for finding new customers, as they would prefer that marketers use their paid promotional services, they have designed there system to make Social Media Marketing very difficult. The predominant problem is that anything that a user posts is soon obsolete. Twitter is a little more tolerant to Social Media Marketing efforts, they too have policies in place that restricts the value of such efforts. Email Services One way around the restrictions imposed by many Internet Service Providers and the US CAN-SPAM Act is using mainstream, legitimate e-mail marketing services. Aweber and Constant Contact are two that immediately come to mind. They provide a cost-efficient way of developing a list of double opted-in e-mail addresses so that a user can pretty much send unrestricted e-mail to their lists. Of course, the affected e-mail account holders who no longer have an interest in the e-mail patterns that particular e-mail marketers are using can easily opt-out of future mailings.  Copyright Notices | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy Listen Live Radio Help News Local National  International Sports Business News Releases Weather 5-Day Forecast Events Community Events Birthdays  Anniversaries On Air Schedule The Big Show and Beyond Herman Cain Community Talk Sean Hannity It's Your Life Clyde Lewis Manager's Corner News Wrap Up Pamela's Place Swap Shop Features Classifieds Contests Coupons Editor's Pick Videos Local Information Newsletter WDNG Video Channel WDNG Info About Us Advertising Contact Guest Bloggers Blogs Pamela's Place It's My Opinion Big Show Guest Bloggers Tim Brunson This website is owned and operated by BuyersUSA Consulting , a division of BuyersUSA Relocation, LLC Please see the Copyright Notices for information regarding content ownership.  