 Auto Repair Mechanics in Glendale CA STAR Station 818-241-2020 Mon to Fri: 8:00am - 5:30pm | Sat: 8:00am - 1:00pm 5830 San Fernando Road, Glendale, CA 91202 Home Repairs Maintenance Smog Check Deals Reviews Tips Contact Auto Repair Mechanics Air Conditioning / Heating Brakes Cooling System / Radiator Diagnostics Electrical / Lights Exhaust / Muffler Oil Changes Starting System / Battery Suspension / Steering Tune-ups Transmission / Clutch Wheel Alignment / Balancing Test  Repair STAR Station 30+ Years Auto Repairs  Service Highland Automotive was established in 1980 by Melcom Grigorian. Melcom and his son Romel have grown the family business to earn a Test  Repair STAR station license in Glendale, CA. ASE-Certified Mechanics Foreign  Domestic Auto Expertise Highland Automotive's ASE-certified mechanics have extensive training to provide the highest quality auto repair and maintenance service in Glendale, CA. Brake-Lamp Inspections Brake  Lamp Adjusting Station Highland Automotive is officially licensed in Glendale, CA to inspect, adjust, repair, and certify brakes and lamps to help motorists re-register a "salvaged vehicle" with the DMV. READ MORE Auto Care Tips Gas Savings Tips Did you know that by changing your driving habits you can help you lower gas consumption, improve gas mileage, become more eco-friendly, and save money? more Inspection Checklist For Winter Driving Cold weather can be rough on cars and create difficult driving conditions, especially if you're driving in the foothills and mountains. Be safe before you take a winter trip with these simple precaution tips. more How To Prevent Fog  Frost on Windows Want to prevent fog and frost on your car windows? We've written 5 simple things you can do to keep your windows crystal clear. more MORE TIPS Customer Reviews always put the customer first Fifteen years ago I got an oil change from Highland Auto, and I was so impressed with the hospitality and honest work by Romel and his father that I have never taken my truck anywhere else! Thank you for being so honest. You always put the customer first and use the best parts for every car repair making us not only feel appreciated, but safe as well. THANK YOU! - posted by Evan on Yahoo - 2/27/2012 very professional and affordable I took my truck to several shops with no success all of them could not diagnose the problem. A friend recommended Highland Automotive, although they are an hour or so away from me. I decided to give them a try. I am very impressed with the knowledge that they have. Within 20 minutes they diagnosed my problem, and they repair was very affordable. I am recommending Highland Auto to all that need repairs done to their vehicle. Very professional and affordable. - posted by Hector on Yahoo - 2/22/2012 good reliable service Great service for my toyota and rang rover by Romel. Family owned mechanics for over 20 years. Good reliable service and professional service. Highly Recommended ! - posted by Arin A. on Yelp - 1/16/2012 MORE REVIEWS Auto Repair Glendale CA | license # 130467 Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Site Map   2013 Highland Automotive. All Rights Reserved Los Angeles Website Design by HOPdigital 