 New Chevy Vehicles New Buick Vehicles New GMC Vehicles Chevrolet Buick GMC Vehicle Search Advanced Search Recently Viewed Vehicles Comparison List The below 2 lines are just placed here to keep the relevant javascript from functioning properly. However, the js and below 2 lines will be removed later after confirmation from Mullen! 0 Vehicles Dealer Locator Find Dealers by Zip Code Find Dealers by Name Certified Advantage Certified Pre-Owned Overview Built-in value Standard CPO Maintenance Plan Two Auto Warranties 172-Point Vehicle Inspection 3-day/150-Mile Guarantee Vehicle History Report Videos Model Library Model Search Featured Models Tools Trade-In Estimator Monthly Payment Calculator Vehicle Price Calculator Offers APR Special OnStar Trial Offer SiriusXM Radio Trial Offer Quick Search Zip Code: Make: Select All Makes Body Style: Model: All Models Select Models Search Advanced Search %make% %model2% %make% %model3% %make%,%model%,%trim2% Pause  Benefits of Certified Pre-Owned: click for more Main Standard CPO Maintenance Plan Two Auto Warranties Roadside Assistance 172-Point Vehicle Inspection 3-Day/150-Mile Guarantee Vehicle History Report OnStar  Trial Offer SiriusXM  Radio Trial Offer We're taking No Worries  to a whole new level.  Introducing Owner Care: a pre-owned vehicle benefits package that raises our already-great coverage to new heights. Owner Care includes our exclusive 2-Year/30,000-Mile 1 Standard CPO Maintenance plan, which includes oil changes, tire rotations and a Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection (MPVI) 2 . Owner Care also gives you the added security of two manufacturer warranties with $0 deductible, 24/7 roadside assistance with courtesy transportation, and a 3-Day/150-Mile Customer Satisfaction Guarantee. Owner Care is No Worries  on a whole new level.  1 Whichever comes first. See participating dealer for details. 2 Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection: A comprehensive vehicle inspection, performed by a qualified dealership, that evaluates multiple "points" on a particular vehicle such as: the engine, transmission, safety equipment, and tires. Exclusive 2-Year/30,000-Mile 1 Standard CPO Maintenance Plan  You can feel confident in your decision to buy a Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle, long after your  purchase. Starting from the delivery of your vehicle, we provide you with a CPO exclusive 2 years or  30,000 miles of standard vehicle maintenanceincluding: Oil Changes: based on your vehicle's Oil Life Monitor system Tire Rotations Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection (MPVI) 2 See more details about maintenance 1 Whichever comes first. See participating dealer for details. 2 Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection: A comprehensive vehicle inspection, performed by a qualified dealership, that evaluates multiple "points" on a particular vehicle such as: the engine, transmission, safety equipment, and tires.  Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty  Every Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle comes equipped with our impressive 12-Month/12,000-Mile 1  Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty with $0 deductible. Thats four times better coverage than Chrysler. Powertrain Limited Warranty  Every Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle from Chevy, Buick or GMC comes with a $0 deductible, transferable 5-Year/100,000-Mile 2 Powertrain Limited Warranty, with roadside assistance and courtesy transportation. And now 2013 model year and newer Certified Pre-Owned Buick vehicles (purchased as of 6/24/2013) come with an enhanced 6-year/100,000-Mile 2 Powertrain Limited warranty with $0 deductible. We believe in our vehicles and arent afraid to stand behind them.  Get more details on these Certified Pre-Owned vehicle warranties 1 Whichever comes first, from date of purchase. Excludes normal wear and maintenance items. See participating dealer for limited warranty details. 2 Whichever comes first, from original in-service date. See participating dealer for limited warranty details. 24/7 Roadside Assistance for the life of the vehicle warranty Wherever you go, we're right there with you. We're proud to offer the response, security and convenience of our 24-Hour Roadside Assistance program for the life of the Powertrain Limited Warranty. See more details on roadside assistance 172-Point Vehicle Inspection and Reconditioning Process This is not your regular, everyday used vehicle. Certified status is a name that is earned, and it is earned only by meeting our strict, factory-set standards. If it doesn't pass, your Certified Chevy, Buick or GMC dealer completely reconditions it. Our 172-Point Vehicle Inspection and ReconditioningProcess is one of the most comprehensive in the industryand just one of the differences between a regular used vehicle and a Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle from Chevy, Buick or GMC.  Learn more about our 172-Point Inspection 3-Day/150-Mile Customer Satisfaction Guarantee If you're not satisfied with your purchase, simply bring it back to your dealer within the first three days or 150 miles (whichever comes first) to exchange it for a Chevy, Buick, GMC, Pontiac, or Saturn that fits your needs. No regrets. No doubts. No question about it.  See more detail about the 3-Day/150-Mile Customer Satisfaction Guarantee Vehicle History Report We're proud ofand have confidence inevery vehicle we sell. Which is why all Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles from Chevy, Buick or GMC come with a detailed Vehicle History Report. Now you can be sure the vehicle that you're purchasing doesn't have any hidden past problems like major accidents, fires or title issues. Learn more about Vehicle History Report 3-month trial of OnStar  Directions & Connections All of our OnStar factory installed digitally equipped vehicles are eligible for 3-month trial 1 of OnStar Directions & Connections  including OnStar Turn-by-Turn Navigation. With OnStar, you're never far from help in a crash, or more than a button push away from finding the things you want or staying in touch with the people in your life. Learn more about our free OnStar  trial offer 1 Vehicle must be equipped with OnStar  digital hardware. Offer expires 12/31/12. Visit onstar.com for coverage map, details and system limitations. Excludes FMV. 3-month trial of SiriusXM  Satellite Radio All of our satellite radio-equipped Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come with three trial months * of the XM Select package. With SiriusXM, hear more of what you love, all in one place. Get over 130 channels of audio entertainment withcoast-to-coast coverage including commercial-free music, plus the best in sports, news, talk and entertainment. To learn more about SiriusXM  in Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles from Chevy, Buick or GMC, visit siriusxm.com. * SiriusXM Satellite Radio requires a subscription, sold separately by SiriusXM after any trial period. If you decide to continue your SiriusXM service at the end of your trial subscription, the plan you choose willautomatically renew and bill at then-current rates until you call SiriusXM at 1-866-635-2349 to cancel.See our Customer Agreement for complete terms at www.siriusxm.com .XM satellite service is available in the 48 contiguous USA and DC. Sirius, XM and all related marks and logos aretrademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. Offer ends 12/31/12.  LOOKING FOR A PONTIAC OR SATURN? We've got you covered. close You can still find great Pontiacs and Saturns here at gmcertified.com. And you'll love that they come with ourOwner Care benefits package, which includes a 2-Year/30,000-Mile 1 Standard CPO Maintenance Plan and twofactory-backed warranties. Allowing you to have new car confidence with a used car price tag. Search for a Certified Pontiac Search for a Certified Saturn Learn more about Certified Pre-Owned 1 Whichever comes first. See participating dealer for details.  FAQs Site Map Contact Us GM Sites AdChoices  2013 General Motors Copyright/Trademark Privacy Statement 