 Skip to main content search Berkeley web Directory NewsCenter MAP | CALMAIL | bCONNECTED | SEARCH:  Students Prospective students Faculty Staff CalParents Alumni  friends Quick Links Schools, colleges  departments A-Z index of websites Academic calendar Events Courses (General Catalog) Schedule of classes Summer sessions bSpace TeleBears BearFacts International student services Jobs Career Center Diversity, equity & inclusion Libraries Museums Computing Blu Bookstore Cal gear Rec Sports Health services (Tang Center) Emergency preparedness About Berkeley Applying to Berkeley Academics Research Teaching Working Campus life Overview Entertainment Sports and recreation Student Affairs Housing  dining Student organizations  activities Health  safety News  media Student resources A-Z Shopping (Cal gear, computers) Public service  community Visiting  getting around Administration  services In Dirks first back-to-school briefing, undergrads grab the spotlight New scholarship program supports students in STEM fields Disabling enzyme reduces tumor growth, cripples cancer cells, study finds Bikeshare and share alike: where (and why) to saddle up Cocaines effect on mice may explain human drug-seeking behavior More news  On this page Arts, films, and music Media On-campus dining Related information Libraries Museums  collections Additional news and media around campus Bay Area activity  dining guides Arts, films, and music Events calendar : Comprehensive, searchable calendar of campus events, organized by date and type.  Cal Performances : Showcase for performing artists and cultural luminaries  from cellist Yo-Yo Ma to jazz vocalist Dianne Reeves and economist Paul Krugman. Berkeley Art Museum : Permanent and visiting art exhibitions, featuring established and emerging artists from around the world. Pacific Film Archive : Daily screenings of cinema from every film-producing nation; more than 600 distinct programs a year. Department of Music : Excellent and affordable performances by student, faculty, and guest musicians on the Hertz Hall stage feature many types of music from a variety of cultures and time periods: University Symphony Orchestra and Choruses, Gamelan, Baroque, African Drumming  Dance, Gospel, Band, Jazz  Improvised, and New Music ensembles. Many performances are free, including the popular Wednesday noon concerts. Department of Theater, Dance  Performance Studies : Student theater and dance productions, events, and master classes, and a Making Theater series. SUPERB Productions : Rock-band concerts, first-run films, comedy nights, and other entertainment organized by student organization. The  Greek Theatre : The traditional venue for Commencement,  the Bonfire Rally, and other campus events  and a great  place to hear live  music . ASUC Art Studio : Classes in art, crafts, photography, and writing, with ceramics, darkroom, and digital-lab facilities. Lunch Poems : Series of free monthly poetry readings, held in Doe Library's venerable Morrison Library. Music performance opportunities : Rich performance opportunities include participating in the university orchestra; university, chamber, and gospel choruses; Indonesian gamelan; jazz  improvised music; baroque; wind; and African ensembles. Other opportunities include performing in undergraduate composers club concerts, and auditioning for the opportunity to perform a concerto with the orchestra or a noon concert in Hertz Hall. Auditions , if required, often take place during the first week of each semester. Media Podcasts, Web video/audio Daily Cal : Award-winning independent, student-run newspaper, established in 1871. UC Berkeley NewsCenter : Campus news portal, with comprehensive coverage of Berkeley news and events The Berkeleyan : Weekly faculty and staff newspaper. KALX : Student-run campus radio station, at 90.7 FM. On-campus dining The Bear's Lair : Food court and bar, located on the ground floor of the Martin King, Jr. Student Union. Free Speech Movement Caf : A casual caf and study spot, located at the entrance to Moffitt Library. Wall exhibits pay tribute to the FSM; events and exhibits at the caf offer a forum on current-day political and social issues. Cal Dining restaurants : The Golden Bear , Ramona's Cafe , Pat Brown's Grill and The Terrace Cafe  Text link to more social media UC Berkeley Websites A-Z Add site to A-Z Policies Contact us Copyright  UC Regents; all rights reserved 