  Home Subscribe to an RSS Feed Archives News City Walkabout Pittsblogh TechMan The Roundabout Faithburgh Pipeline Early Returns Sports Steelers Blog n Gold Penguins Empty Netters College Dukes Dispatches Pitt Redshirt Diaries The Bobs Blog On The Mountain Varsity Blog Rod  Gun Club Living Gardening with Doug PlayGround Topics The Big Story Blog PG Plate Stylebook Arts  Entertainment Classical Musings Mad About The Movies POPi Pop Noise Opinion Rob Rogers Cartoons Post-Gazette.com News Local Sports Living AE Business Opinion Multimedia Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Guide To Commenting Home Arts  Entertainment Mad About The Movies See Shailene Woodley's short hair, for TFIOS role and excellent cause Written by Barbara Vancheri on Sunday, 25 August 2013 1:52 pm . Photo o Hypable.com has posted this photo of the leads of “The Fault In Our Stars” which shows Shailene Woodley ’s new short haircut. She stars alongside Ansel Elgort in the adaptation of the novel. It wasn’t a fashion statement but an attempt to help her play a teenage girl struggling with cancer. Woodley donated her hair to a charitable organization, Children With Hair Loss, which helps all children with medically related hair loss. It was founded by a woman whose niece, at age 3, was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia and underwent chemo for 5 years. She started the group so children could have access to fashionable, human-hair wigs if they wanted. In other news, s ome suburban Pittsburghers have been notified about shooting that will take place at a nearby church, apparently the home of the support group where Hazel Grace and Gus meet. They were given three dates in September and one in October. Author John Green recently told the Indianapolis Star that he planned to make a cameo in the movie, even if it was being shot in Pittsburgh rather than its original setting of Indianapolis. The Star’s David Lindquist quoted Green as saying Pittsburgh was chosen as the main site for the movie (some scenes will be shot in Amsterdam, which cannot be faked here — easily) due to Pennsylvania’s tax credit for filmmakers. “[It’s] frustrating for me,” Green said. “I wish this movie could be filmed in Indianapolis, because I think it would be great for the city.” He was offered to chance for a cameo in the movie and he took it. If filming hasn’t started, it should by tomorrow, Aug. 26. Here’s the link to the photo: http://www.hypable.com/2013/08/23/fault-in-our-stars-movie-hazel-gus-photo/ For the Indianapolis Star article: http://www.indystar.com/article/20130819/THINGSTODO04/308190008/John-Green-will-seen-Fault-Our-Stars- Join the conversation: Commenting policy Moviegoers serve No. 1 spot to Lee Daniels' The Butler Written by Barbara Vancheri on Sunday, 25 August 2013 11:31 am . “The Butler” was the top grossing movie in North America for the second week in a row. It picked up another $17,018,000, for $52,274,813, according to early estimates from hollywood.com. In second place, “We’re the Millers.” It padded its bottom line with $13,500,000, for $91,740,000 to date. The only new movie in the top three was “Mortal Instruments: City of Bones” with $14,051,000 since its Wednesday opening. Updated at noon: The top 10, with final numbers due on Monday: 1. “Lee Daniels’ The Butler” — $17,018,000, for $52,274,813 to date. 2. “We’re the Millers” — $13,500,000, bringing its total to $91,740,000. 3. “Mortal Instruments: City of Bones” — $9,300,000, for $14,051,000 since release Wednesday. 4. “The World’s End” — $8,942,307. 5. “Planes” — $8,567,000, nudging its gross to $59,591,000. 6. “Elysium” — $7,100,000, or $69,054,000 so far. 7. “You’re Next” — $7,050,000. 8. “Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters” — $5,200,000, or $48,346,453 to date. 9. “Blue Jasmine” — $4,300,119 (on just 1,283 screens compared to the 3,445 of “We’re the Millers), for $14,798,921 as it’s been slowly opening. 10. “Kick-Ass 2” — $4,270,250, for $22,423,385 to date.  Join the conversation: Commenting policy Julie Harris appeared on Pittsburgh stage and made TV, theatrical movies Written by Barbara Vancheri on Sunday, 25 August 2013 10:30 am . Actress Julie Harris has died. Mark Kennedy , drama writer for the Associated Press, reports the 87-year-old actress died at her West Chatham, Mass., home of congestive heart failure, actress and family friend Francesca James said. She won five Tony Awards for best actress in a play and was honored with a sixth for lifetime achievement. (AP photo above) I spoke to Harris by phone for “The Gin Game” which stopped in Pittsburgh with Charles Durning in early 1999. And I met her when she came to town in 1996 to make a movie called “The Christmas Tree.” It marked Sally Field ’s directing debut and I visited the set in Hartwood Acres one day. I waited for hours as the pleasant autumn day turned chilly — but I was rewarded with some time in Harris’ trailer. If you’re a moviegoer, you also may remember Harris played a professor in George A. Romero ’s “The Dark Half” starring Timothy Hutton and Amy Madigan. JULIE HARRIS BRINGS A DANCE TO POIGNANT TWO-CHARACTER PLAY ‘THE GIN GAME’ Credit Julie Harris for the stage moment when she and Charles Durning dance. It’s a sentimental scene that wasn’t there when “The Gin Game” debuted on Broadway two decades ago with Hume Cronyn and the late Jessica Tandy. “I said to our director, Charles Nelson Reilly , we have this wonderful, championship dancer in Charles Durning, and wouldn’t it be wonderful if there was a scene somewhere along the line where they could dance together,” Harris recalls. When Reilly spoke to playwright D.L. Coburn , the response was: “Well, the play has been successful for 20 years, and I’m not about to change it.” But then Coburn thought about it, embraced the idea and provided a scene for Harris and Durning, who revived the play on Broadway in April 1997 and are now taking it on the road. “The Gin Game,” a two-character play about inhabitants of a seedy retirement home, arrives in Pittsburgh on Tuesday for a 12-day run at the Byham Theater. “It’s a great play,” the 73-year-old Harris says, by phone from Detroit. “The added touch of the little moment when they dance together is very beautiful. It’s touching.” She puts “The Gin Game” in grand company. “To me, it has the perfection of 'The Glass Menagerie,' “a window into the lives of the characters that is most illuminating. It has the sort of “perfection of memory” that provides vivid snapshots of life. It’s a compressed “three weeks in the lives of these two people who meet for the first time in a retirement home and go through his cataclysmic encounter,” with the gin game a metaphor for life. “Life deals you the cards, and you have to do the best you can with them,” suggests Harris, whose cards in life included a 1945 Broadway debut that led to a record 10 Tony nominations and five Tony Awards. She keeps them in a “little cabinet at home. Some are on stands, and I think three are just the medallions before they put them on stands.” Harris also has two Emmys plus an Oscar nomination for the 1952 film “The Member of the Wedding.” At the time, Harris said movies didn’t exactly flatter her figure. “Pictures make me look like a 12-year-old boy who flunked his body-building course.” Since we are entering the heart of the awards season, it’s natural to ask what she thinks of such ceremonies. “I know that when I was nominated, I wasn’t always able to go because I was working on the road somewhere. I’ m not really 100 percent for saying there’s one best performance. “For instance, last year, Judi Dench was nominated for an Oscar for ` Mrs. Brown’ and Helen Hunt was nominated for `As Good As It Gets.’ I thought that Judi Dench should have gotten the prize, and Helen Hunt thought she should have,” too, even noting in her acceptance speech that she saw “Mrs. Brown” three times. “And truly, you really shouldn’t have to choose between those two; they’re equally wonderful,” she adds, mentioning the year when Barbra Streisand and Katharine Hepburn enjoyed a rare tie in the best actress category. “I wish they’d nominate five people and give them five Oscars,” a scenario that would reduce the nervousness and likely the worldwide audience, too. The Oscar nominations aren’t due until Feb. 9 but Harris, like moviegoers everywhere, has some favorites. (Of course hers count, since she is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.) Among them: “Life Is Beautiful,” “Gods and Monsters” - “I think Lynn Redgrave ’s performance in that is astonishing, and Ian McKellen is wonderful” - “Central Station” with an extraordinary turn by Fernanda Montenegro and the leading ladies in “Stepmom.” Harris, who was last in Pittsburgh in 1996 to make the ABC movie “The Christmas Tree,” is looking forward to her return. She hopes to take a friend to see Fallingwater, which she found lovely the first time around, get to the Carnegie Museum of Art, look up her “Dark Half” director George Romero , and perhaps ride the incline up to Mount Washington again. Although touring has changed since the days when the cast traveled by train instead of plane, Harris is still thrilled to visit or revisit cities and their attractions. A recent stop in Dallas, for instance, afforded a side trip to the Kimball Museum in Fort Worth. Harris, who confesses she rarely travels light, always brings along scripts and correspondence from fans and friends, in addition to her books and stash of vitamins. “I got a letter from a fan who said I would like you to answer these questions about leadership, what makes a good leader,” says Harris, who usually fields inquiries about her own work or “East of Eden” co-star James Dean . “I simply answered by saying a leader has to be truthful, I think, you have to trust them and they should have humor. I always think of Mr. Lincoln when I think of a leader.” When “The Gin Game” tour closes in May, Harris plans to star in a new play called “Winter” in Chicago. Written by Claudia Allen , it will co-star Chicago-based actor Mike Nussbaum. “I play a sort of frisky lady in the beginning, in the first act, who gets sick and has to go into a retirement home.” After that, Harris has two solo plays she would like to do, one about Alice B. Toklas, Gertrude Stein ’s companion, and the other about Canadian artist Emily Carr (1871-1945), noted for her expressionist paintings of landscapes, forests and Indians of British Columbia. Also an author, Carr weathered the lean times by making carpets and pottery with Indian designs. Once rejected in her native land, she later become memorialized on a Canadian stamp. The play remains the thing for the actress who ha s stepped into the fascinating shoes of everyone from Emily Dickinson and Mary Todd Lincoln to Sally Bowles. Even as a newcomer playing a hapless kleptomaniac in “The Young and the Fair” in 1948, her first-night performance stopped the show dead in its tracks with a near-ovation. The stage “is terribly fulfilling for the actor, because you can start at the beginning and go to the end and no one says cut, we have to do that over. I mean, for the two hours or so, you’re on your own, and that’s very exciting.” ACTRESS MAKES DEBUT AS DIRECTOR WITH CHRISTMAS MOVIE AT HARTWOOD First Forrest Gump, now his Mama. Tom Hanks made his directorial debut with “That Thing You Do!’’ and Sally Field is doing likewise in Pittsburgh with a holiday movie called “The Christmas Tree.’’ Unlike Hanks, she’s not acting in the film, and hers is for TV, but she is working with well-known faces: Julie Harris and Andrew McCarthy . In keeping with the usual breakneck pace of TV movies, they’re getting up early and working till the sun sets, as well as trudging through the snow at Hartwood Acres, but they don’t seem to mind. Snow, in 60-degree weather? Yes, it snowed at Hartwood this week, thanks to a snow man who works movie magic with ice, soapy foam, cotton and an orange tank labeled “Unreal Snow’’ that sprays an authentic-looking white powder that can be washed away. To hear everyone tell it, it’s a wonderful life on the set of “The Christmas Tree.’’ It’s the kind of place where the word “lovely’’ is frequently evoked, even as Field is waiting for a droning airplane to pass or bees are circling the Coke cans or a crew member is bellowing, “All nuns on deck!’’ The weather has been, admittedly, splendid this week. Field is “really lovely to the crew, and it’s a really nice story,’’ McCarthy says. Harris is not only a dignified veteran of stage, film and TV but she’s playing an orphan who becomes a nun and has a special place in her heart for Tree (yes, capital T), for heaven’s sake. As a child she found solace in it and the two literally grew up together. In other words, when ABC airs this Disney movie Dec. 15, it won’t need a parental advisory. It will be family entertainment all the way. It’s based on the slender, just-published novel “The Christmas Tree’’ by former Wall Street Journal reporter Julie Salamon and has charming illustrations by Jill Weber. It tells how the search for the perfect tree for Rockefeller Center changes the lives of the nun who has cherished an evergreen at Brush Creek convent since childhood and the man who wants to share it with the world. Harris plays Sister Anthony, and McCarthy is Richard, the driven landscape architect who ends up learning some lessons about life and love. Trini Alvarado is his girlfriend in a role created for the movie by Field, who fleshed out the sweet but slight story and wrote the screenplay with Janet Brownell. “It’s nice to come to work. I’ve been on jobs where it’s not fun to come to work. Everybody here is really good at their job, and they like being here,’’ says McCarthy, 33, who made his movie debut in “Class’’ and graduated to such films as “St. Elmo’s Fire,’’ “Less Than Zero,’’ “Year of the Gun’’ and “Mulholland Falls.’’ He also livened up the corpse comedies “Weekend at Bernie’s’’ and its sequel. He calls Field, a two-time Oscar winner for “Norma Rae’’ and “Places in the Heart,’’ the best director in terms of working with actors that he’s ever seen. By far. “I’ve loved Sally’s and Julie’s work ever since before I can remember,’’ says the youthful McCarthy, plopping into a canvas director’s chair between takes. “To get a chance to work with people like that, you have to do it,’’ he adds. The story is “sentimental in that nice way, in a really truthful way,’’ and an actress of Harris’ caliber brings a measure of integrity to the tale. “I just kind of stand back and watch her half the time. Most of the time, actually.’’ The mansion at Hartwood, a rambling English tudor built in the late 1920s, doubles as the convent and is the main reason the production came to Pittsburgh rather than Canada. Allegheny County agreed to waive a location fee, although the production must pay for extras such as electricity or additional security. “It’s almost like the story was written for this house,’’ says executive producer Wendy Japhet. “It’s a perfect environment for this story.’’ The title character is “played” by three Norway spruces, transported to a picturesque meadow at Hartwood with the help of Eisler Nurseries in Butler. (In fact, you can look for Peter and Sherry Kyne from the Butler business and their two young children, Peter and Amanda, as extras in the film.) Two smaller trees, found at Butler Country Club, were brought in with their roots intact and will remain at Hartwood. Eisler bought the largest, a 60-footer that looks as if it could grace a public square, from Greenlawn Cemetary. He cut it, moved it and sunk it about five feet into the ground with cement. When its color started to fade to brown, it was sprayed green. Such are the secrets of moviemaking. The novel describes the fir this way: “This tree was a star. Everything about it said so: its rich color, the regal way it held itself - even where it stood, just apart from a whole group of evergreens, as if it was special. . . . It seemed to have that improbable combination I was looking for - the size of King Kong and the suppleness of Giselle.’’ In addition to importing a few trees, the production constructed a greenhouse at Hartwood. With slightly fogged and stained windows, greenery inside and a weathered water pump out front, it looks appropriately aged. The temperature may be almost 70, but McCarthy and Harris have to feign frigid air. As they walk out of the greenhouse, Harris tugs at her scarf and slips on her gloves. When a fall breeze adds an unscripted moment, Field keeps the camera rolling and announces, “I love the fact that the door blew open.’’ Field, 49, who appears as slender as in her teen-age TV days, has the look of a director down pat, although it’s unlikely Hanks or Spielberg would wear a pink T-shirt with white hearts. A ponytail pokes out of a black baseball cap that has “Sundance’’ emblazoned over the bill, and she dons or doffs a flannel shirt, worn with jeans and sturdy shoes, as the temperature rises and falls. The first-time director is juggling a budget of around $3 million and the challenge of working with children (7-year-old Suzi Hofrichter of Cecil, Washington County, plays Harris as a child), Christmas, period flashbacks and seasonal changes. Everyone knows it’s her maiden voyage, so to speak, and is cooperating, says Japhet. “This has been a tremendous experience. . . . The movie’s going to look beautiful.’’ The final shots will be done at the real Rockefeller Center Dec. 3. Field is concentrating on her work and doing no interviews while shooting, but others are happy to go on the record now. That includes Harris, who ends a long work day that required her to endure some pointed questioning from McCarthy’s character about her past, navigate her way through a tangle of snowy tree limbs and logs and run up to her beloved tree to check on its condition after a big storm. As she sheds the endless outer layers of clothing that constitute her nun’s habit, she says, “I love the story, and I love the company, and I love Sally’s direction. I think she’s very gifted. I think that’s sort of a winning combination.’’ The five-time Tony winner, who earned an Oscar nomination for her screen debut in 1952’s “The Member of the Wedding,’’ also has a good gut feeling about this project. As someone who has nurtured a 20-year-old begonia and recently returned a bonsai plant for fear she would kill it, Harris can identity with the bond Sister Anthony feels for the tree. “Indians used to say if you stand and lean up against a tree, you get a kind of energy,’’ Harris says, demonstrating on an unyielding wall in her trailer. Harris and Field worked on a 1972 made-for-TV yuletide movie of a different sort: “Home for the Holidays’’ (also titled “Deadly Desires’’) about four daughters trying to protect Walter Brennan f rom a maniac during a Christmas reunion. “I haven’t seen her over these years when she’s done all these really tremendous things, but she’s like a heroine to me,’’ says Harris. “When I saw her on our first day when we were rehearsing, Andrew and I almost broke into tears. It was so wonderful.’’ Lovely, no doubt. Join the conversation: Commenting policy Ben Affleck as Batman? Just remember, no one thought Keaton could pull it off Written by Barbara Vancheri on Friday, 23 August 2013 3:48 pm . Here is the official Warner Bros. release about Ben Affleck as Batman. Just remember, no one thought Michael Keaton could pull off the Dark Knight until he did. Twice. And never underestimate how smart Affleck is. Besides, he already played George Reeves/Superman in "Hollywoodland." BEN AFFLECK REVEALED AS BATMAN IN WARNER BROS. PICTURES’ NEW SUPER HERO FEATURE FILM, NOW SLATED TO OPEN JULY 17, 2015 The Oscar -winning star joins Henry Cavill in the first ever onscreen match-up of DC Comics’ most iconic characters. BURBANK, CA, August 22, 2013 – Ending weeks of speculation, Ben Affleck has been set to star as Batman, a.k.a. Bruce Wayne. Affleck and filmmaker Zack Snyder will create an entirely new incarnation of the character in Snyder’s as-yet-untitled project—bringing Batman and Superman together for the first time on the big screen and continuing the director’s vision of their universe, which he established in “Man of Steel.” The announcement was made today by Greg Silverman , president, Creative Development and Worldwide Production, and Sue Kroll , president, Worldwide Marketing and International Distribution, Warner Bros. Pictures. The studio has slated the film to open worldwide on July 17, 2015. Last month’s surprise announcement of the new movie featuring both Superman and Batman created a wave of excitement and immediately fueled discussion and debate—among fans as well as in the media—about who would put on the cape and cowl of Bruce Wayne’s alter ego. Snyder successfully re-imagined the origin of Clark Kent/Superman in the worldwide blockbuster “Man of Steel,” which has earned more than $650 million worldwide to date, and climbing. The director will now create an original vision of Batman and his world for the film that brings the two DC Comics icons together.Affleck will star opposite Henry Cavill , who will reprise the role of Superman/Clark Kent. The film will also reunite “Man of Steel” stars Amy Adams, Laurence Fishburne and Diane Lane . In the announcement, Silverman stated, “We knew we needed an extraordinary actor to take on one of DC Comics’ most enduringly popular superheroes, and Ben Affleck certainly fits that bill, and then some. His outstanding career is a testament to his talent and we know he and Zack will bring new dimension to the duality of this character.” Snyder also expressed his excitement about the casting of Affleck, noting, “Ben provides an interesting counter-balance to Henry’s Superman. He has the acting chops to create a layered portrayal of a man who is older and wiser than Clark Kent and bears the scars of a seasoned crime fighter, but retain the charm that the world sees in billionaire Bruce Wayne. I can’t wait to work with him.” Kroll added, “We are so thrilled that Ben is continuing Warner Bros.’ remarkable legacy with the character of Batman. He is a tremendously gifted actor who will make this role his own in this already much-anticipated pairing of these two beloved heroes.” Affleck recently starred in the Academy Award-winning Best Picture “Argo,” which he also directed and produced, earning acclaim and a BAFTA Award nomination for his performance in the film, as well as a number of directing honors. In 2010, he starred in and directed the hit crime thriller “The Town.” His recent acting work also includes “The Company Men,” “State of Play,” and “Hollywoodland,” for which he received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor. Earlier in his career, Affleck starred in and co-wrote (with Matt Damon ) “Good Will Hunting,” for which he won an Oscarfor Best Original Screenplay. The new superhero film is being scripted by David S. Goyer from a story he co-created with Zack Snyder. Charles Roven and Deborah Snyder are producing, with Benjamin Melniker , Michael E. Uslan and Wesley Coller serving as executive producers. Production is expected to begin in 2014. The film is based on Superman characters created by Jerry Siegel  Joe Shuster , and Batman characters created by Bob Kane , published by DC Entertainment. Photo of Affleck on Oscar night 2013 by Matt Petit, AMPAS. Join the conversation: Commenting policy Where will Blue Jasmine play in Pittsburgh? Written by Barbara Vancheri on Tuesday, 20 August 2013 6:40 pm . If you’re anxious to see the new Woody Allen movie, “Blue Jasmine" starring Cate Blanchett, here is a list of where it should open on Friday, Aug. 23. It’s one of the best movies of 2013. As always, check the ads or websites on that day to make sure it is playing there: AMC-Loews at the Waterfront Galleria in Mt. Lebanon Cinemark in Robinson, Tarentum and Beaver County’s Center Township Manor in Squirrel Hill Waterworks Cinemas 10 outside Aspinwall and Fox Chapel Phoenix Big Cinemas, Chartiers Valley Stadium 18 (the former Destinta) Phoenix Big Cinemas, North Versailles Stadium 18 (also a former Destinta) Crown Center Stadium 14 in Washington, Pa. Also: Premiere 12 in State College, Tinseltown 17 in Erie, Shenango Valley Cinemas 12 in Hermitage and Morgantown Stadium 12 in Granville, W.Va. Top: Cate Blanchett and Alec Baldwin. Below: Sally Hawkins and Andrew Dice Clay. Photos by Jessica Miglio 2013 Gravier Productions, courtesy of Sony Pictures Classics Join the conversation: Commenting policy More Articles... Extras needed for 3 Rivers Film Fest trailer The Butler top movie of weekend Surprise, heartwarming guests at Blood Brother screening in Dormont 'Foxcatcher' to be released Dec. 20 by Sony Pictures Classicse 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 » End P-G movie editor Barbara Vancheri blogs about movies and the film industry. REEL RESOURCES • Pittsburgh Film Office • Pittsburgh Filmmakers • Steeltown Entertainment Project • Pennsylvania Film Industry Association • Toonseum • 48 Hour Film Project • Internet Movie Database • TheWrap • Deadline.com  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS SHOPPING CARS REAL ESTATE PG Store CONTESTS Contact Us Site Map Media Kit 34 Allies About Us Corrections RSS Feeds Technical Help? Products & Services PG Sites: PG+ Pipeline Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sports Town Pittsburgh Mom Pittsburgh Rides The Digs Special Projects PG Plate Social Media: Twitter: News Customer Care Facebook Pinterest TumblrYoutube Google+ Print: Home Delivery Rates Back Copies Newsstand Electronic: PGe Press Copyright 1997  2013 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Page generated in: 0.0240 Page generated in: 0.0240Copyright 1997  2013 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of Use Privacy Policy  