  Arts Entertainment  Movies, Television, Music, Actors, Actresses Arts And Entertainment Media Home  How to Select a Good Mass Media College Benefits of Mass Media For a Business  Types of Mass Media These days, there are already numerous types of Mass Media. This includes Audio recording and reproduction (records, tapes, cassettes, cartridges, CDs), Broadcasting Media (Radio, Television, Cable) Film (Cinema, DVDs), Digital Media (the Internet, Mobile Phones, Satellite), Publishing or the Print Media (Books, Newspapers, Magazines) and Video games. The Audio recording and reproduction pertains to the various music and sound media. Back in the day, there are only basic kinds of audio equipments such as microphones, recording devices and loudspeakers. Then, it was followed by tape recorders, and the legendary vinyl LP record. The invention of compact cassettes as well as music cassettes paved the way to the groundbreaking and innovative form of music entertainment which is still used in this day and age by numerous music aficionados worldwide. Next, it was followed by Sonys Walkman which further advanced the degree of music entertainment spread. The invention of digital recording and compacts disc (CD) produces exceptional quality of sound reproduction. The most recent developments have been the digital audio/music players such as the MP3 player and Apples i-Pod. Which allows you to download songs of your favorite artist/s in the Internet in a digital music format and subsequently upload it to your digital music player. Broadcasting Media includes Radio, Television and Cable as modes of spreading out information to the mainstream. For many decades now, Radio and Television becomes a firm tool of communication and advertising. The constant development of mass media produced Cable TV though to a limited audience only mostly in cosmopolitan homes. Radio and Television delivers up-to-the-minute news programs and updates, commentaries and various entertainment shows such as music, talks, variety, and the like. While Cable TV is capable of showing soaps, movies, documentaries, sports, lifestyle, cartoons, videos and extra stuff that can entertain the viewers. Film depicts, presents and demonstrates stories or tales of human emotions, lifestyle and exploits. Film is also called motion pictures (or just pictures and picture), the silver screen, the cinema, flicks and most commonly movies. Internet is a powerful type of Mass Media. The world is now a global village because of the internet. You can now obtain countless up-to-date information and services worldwide and you can send up-to-the-minute messages in just a split second through electronic mail (e-mail), online chat, and browsing to loads of web pages and other documents. Mobile phones are by now a global trend. Often called the seventh Mass Media. It is Publishing or the Print Media is mundane to us for centuries now. It encompasses books, pamphlets, newspapers, magazines. Video games are the favorite pastime of people nowadays, young and old alike. Actually, there are various types of games: the Computer game or the PC game which is played on a personal computer, the Console game which is played with the use of a device and a standard television set, Arcade game which is usually played in establishments such as in Internet Cafes, Gaming Centers, and the like where pay to play or play per use is carried out. And the Video game which is can also be played in mobile phone, PDAs, and advanced calculators. Those were the different types of Mass Media in this 21st century, the global generation era where digital globalization is taking place perpetually, and the forms of Mass Media is increasingly widespread and expectantly procreating. By Francis Lloyd Sauza compact cassettes , digital audio music , digital music format , digital music player , vinyl lp record  This entry was posted on August 2, 2011, 7:37 am and is filed under Mass Media . You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.  Comments are closed.  Recent Posts E Cigarettes for Simpler and Healthier Smoking Habit Online Casino Fun Online Erotic Entertainment for Gays Online slots: play for free and for real money How Do You Meet Fun Single Friends What Adult Websites Can Give to You Enjoying Sport Betting Find out Who’s the Right Person for You Easily Find Used Car in Salt Lake Shoe Fashion Trends  Gladiator Sandals Summer Fashion Trends for 2012 Online Cannabis Seeds Archives Select Month February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 May 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 Categories Select Category Bollywood Drama Entertainment Fashion Trends Free Bets Info Journalism Mass Media Movie Reviews Online Cannabis Shopping Experience Television TV Shows Uncategorized Used Car Architectural Facades Floor tiles Sydney Livescore Floor tiles sydney Bet365 Canada Bookmakers  Powered by Arts And Entertainment Media 