   Quick Search: Advanced Search | Suggest Your Site Arts & Entertainment Directory Home  >> Arts & Entertainment  Categories: Architecture Crafts Dance Downeast Humor Individuals Libraries Museums Music Photography Theater Recommended Businesses: 80 Stillwater Ave  Orono,ME04473  P:207-866-5825 Email Us Claire Ackroyd - Landscape Designer - I was raised in the best traditions of English gardening, in a large house with a large garden and a large family, many of whom would have put a career professional to shame with their knowledge of plants and their devotion to growing them! Standard Listings: Artists of Maine - Features six of Maine artists, their paintings and sculptures: wildlife art, landscapes, seascapes, farm machinery, and marine still lifes. Christina Hall -- Custom Scrapbook Artist - Custom scrapbooking services. Coastal Maine Art Workshops/Rockland - 5-day painting workshops, plein air or at the Trade Winds Motor Inn/Rockland. Dance Gypsy Listings for Maine - Contains locations and regularly scheduled Contradances within the state of Maine. Hope Framing - Specializing in custom picture framing and fine nautical art. Maine Arts & Crafts Directory - A beginning list of fine and other arts in Maine, including dance, music, and theatre. Maine Arts Commission - Advocates, educates, and supports all the Maine arts and artists. Features news, events, grants, funding applications, contact information, and Arts in Education programs. A local and national arts directory provided. Maine Arts Festival - Classic summer fare held at Thomas Point Beach near Brunswick which brings together Maine artists, performers, and musicians for a week. Maine Center for the Arts - University of Maine Orono. MCA series information for ballet, children's programs, classical, theater at local university. Maine Film Office - Division of the Maine Office of Tourism whose purpose is to promote Maine as a great place to create film, TV, photographic, and other media projects. Maine Folklife Center - University of Maine's extensive collections of oral histories, traditional music, songs, and photographs of Northeast North America, are available for traveling tours, archive and study. Maine International Film Festival - Ten day festival features foreign, American independent, and Maine-made films. Multiple screenings offered with many of the principals available for discussions and workshops. Maine Media Women - Features a statewide network of communications specialists. Provides information about chapters, scholarships, and members. Maine Memory Network - Maine historical documents, history, and images. Maine Performing Arts Network - Provides networking, assistance, advocacy and showcasing for performing artists and performing arts presenters throughout Maine, New England and Maritime Canada. Information concerning grants available. Maine Shakespeare Festival - Bangor area festival sponsored by the Penobscot Theater Company with other fun and food too. Maine Writers and Publishers Alliance - Writers, publishers, librarians and booksellers dedicated to quality in Maine literature. Mainestream.nu - Online showcase for Maine film makers and musicians with links to some of their works. Notable Maine Women Authors - Online virtual library includes 'notable' Maine women authors from past and present. E-texts, online interviews, and a virtual bookstore provide a forum for Maine women authors to add agency to their collective Cyber-Voices. Off the Maine Coast - A poet savors the manifold qualities of island life in this 1997 Atlantic Monthly article by Peter Davis. His poetic invitation for a simpler time, long ago, is compelling and fun to read The Fifth Maine Regiment Center - Civil War Memorial Hall and cultural center was built in 1888 as the Headquarters of the Fifth Regiment Maine Volunteer Infantry 1861-1864. The Golden Raven Storytelling Circle of Maine - The Golden Raven storytelling circle is an outdoor performance space where you can here the telling and sharing of world stories, French Canadian tales, Folk/Fairy tales and Maine humor. University of Maine Writing Center - Educational writing center with online resources, tutors and links to other writing centers.  Biz Directory | Site  Search | News  Events Get a Listing | About  Us | Contact Us | Home Site hosting  design by : RainStorm Consulting, Inc. For questions or comments about this site please contact: webmaster@rainstormconsulting.com 