 Share your knowledge Login / Sign up or Connect with Facebook Publish Content Getting Started Auto Money Society Education Holidays Family Home Food Health Hobby Tech Style Science Sport Travel Bukisa  Art & Entertainment  Humor and Comedy Humor and Comedy Newest first Most commented first Most liked first Humor And Health by Tasneem Hameed , Jul 6th, 2012 Research / studies have established the role of humor and happiness in maintaining good health. Laughter, which is also called the best medicine is known to cut four neuroendocrine hormones that are connected with stress response. .Laughter is also called the internal jogging of the heart and helps cure respiratory problems. Gaseous House Guest by Robert Waldvogel , Jun 4th, 2012 Find out what happens when a very gaseous house guest stays the night. You will laugh from start to finish! ::just Read You Will Love It:: by kandarp90 , May 24th, 2012 you all must see this as its very goood Food For Thought - Thinking Is Optional by curiouscris , May 22nd, 2012 Ciao- Italian hello / goodbye, Chow- an old time name for food, Texting- communication with no regard to those around you. What would the Dalai Lama do? What 's the connection? Put your smile on and read why. The Truth About Being A Daring Kid by curiouscris , May 19th, 2012 Ever wonder what ramifications would come about as a kid playing truth or dare? Of course not!! That, my friends, IS the beauty of being a kid. Should today's topic be “Whoopie, I'm running around in my undies”? Well, read on  decide; that is of course if you dare. HA! Newsworthy Heros by curiouscris , May 16th, 2012 We all need a hero/role model. Do we let reporters tell us who they should be? Read on see where I found a few. As always, I'm just looking for a chuckle! Play Nice Were All Too Human! by curiouscris , May 16th, 2012 Cinco de Mayo not too far in the past brings to mind ethnic evaluations. We all have failings of judgement, most need a little validation. Read a bit further if you can laugh at yourself while respecting others. Funny Hindisms by sohogood , May 15th, 2012 price of instant noodles, egg prices and flour prices, gasoline prices, down jacket prices ... In addition to wages, around almost all prices, but we still need strong to live ...तत्काल नूडल्स, अंडे की कीमतों में और आटे की कीमतों, पेट्रोल की कीमतों, जैकेट कीमतों में गिरावट की कीमत लगभग सभी की कीमतों के आसपास मजदूरी के अलावा, लेकिन हम अभी भी जरूरत है मजबूत जीने के ... Funny Smsjokes by sohogood , May 15th, 2012 Bus rapid rushed downhill to go, one after the chase. Probe passengers shout: "Forget it man, keep up with the" have to catch up, I was the driver of this car! " Love Sms by sohogood , May 15th, 2012 to have met you is the greatest happiness of my life, you concern me a little bit of thoughtful, are melted in my blood, always bothers me depressed into the happy cells. Love you! Birthday Sms by sohogood , May 15th, 2012 lit birthday candle ignited the hope of happiness; taste the birthday cake, taste the taste of happiness; accept the birthday blessing, and accept the wishes of the beautiful, I wish a happy birthday, happy around! Funny Sms by sohogood , May 15th, 2012 Been pushed up trouble, has been struck down by sorrow, unhappiness has flight, fail canceled success is noisy, happy laughter, Ruyi is shrouded in the good luck is shining, the blessings come around, happy to report! 99 Super Funny Joke. by sohogood , May 15th, 2012 99 super funny joke.Very funny,Very funny daily look at the very happy 50 Very Funny Jokes by sohogood , May 15th, 2012 50 very funny jokes, take a look at the happy every day. Red Astra : Secrets (A South Park Based Series of Stories on Major Morals) by jonathanshaw , Apr 18th, 2012 Another of my RED ASTRA story series. others can be seen on my associated content page. four Hertfordshire boys start egttign wierd dreams, and find themselves becoming embrioled in Satanic deeds, and discover the son of satan. Loving Jerry Springer by Riempie9 , Apr 11th, 2012 Enjoying the madness of a show where people can air their most bizarre stories and experiences Imagery Poem: Sense Impression of a Code of Ethics by ermetes adolfo jr. , Mar 26th, 2012 It smells like a field of flowers where academic honesty and adherence to confidentiality agreements lie within...It tastes like chocolate ice-cream where data privacy and handling of human subjects pave the way for each other! Picking Pea Brains by johnbee , Mar 26th, 2012 Picking Pea BrainsPublished by johnbee79 in JokesMarch 2nd, 2012You know you’re in trouble when you try to defend yourself by picking a pea brain. No matter what you say, some brainy guy just don’t get it. You just end up being more and more frustrated. Know what I mean? Come Out With Your Checkbook Open. by tegal , Mar 17th, 2012 Joey, daring the spotlights that were scanning the warehouse in which he was holed up, took a quick look out the window at the crowd below, and shouted, "Never, you dirty, rotten bill collectors!" Then he ducked back to the haven beneath the sill. Toys And Action by RommelGT , Mar 16th, 2012 In children's toyI'm not "that guy". I really do not charge anything. There are shelves and shelves of Star Wars action figures and games NEW IN THE BOX! It was never my thing. (Thank God my personality that broke ..) I always thrilled that every man would do with the new toys. My wife has created an extraordinary... Your Crazy Tale as Well as Dude Without The Need of Joy by yanyan132 , Mar 8th, 2012 August fool’s working day is actually a popular working day for quite a few, for the reason that there are plenty of crazy comedies that is gamed. Vive La Deference! (Or More Moaning, With Respect) by putol , Mar 2nd, 2012 One only has to study the excellent performs of, say, Chris Mayle or Stephen Clarke (with whom I'm in much sympathy) for identical illustrations, to appreciate my situation. Birthday Celebration Cards: Uses And Effects by putol , Mar 2nd, 2012 A birthday is a great day not only to those that enjoy but also to the associates and well-wishers who join in the celebration. There is a wide range of this type of credit charge playing handmade cards for any celebrant, be it a companion, spouse, loved one or business associate. Annoying Facebook Share Button by press , Feb 1st, 2012 How are we, as intelligent people, to deal with this injustice? We make fun of them, of course!Case in point, one particular Facebook poster I saw today said this:"Some people come into your life as Blessings!! Others come in your life AS LESSONS!" Iraq Opens Suicide Bomber Range; Calls It Twice-Blessed Paradise Express by yoose_tegal , Jan 29th, 2012 In an effort to reduce the loss of life and limb by suicide bombers, the Iraqi government has opened a suicide bomber range. 1 2  Last  Get help | About us | Contact Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | User published content is licensed under a Creative Commons License except where otherwise noted.  Copyright 2008 - 2013 Webika Ltd. All Rights Reserved. 0.0283 3.09MB 