  Callanwolde Classes Callanwolde Fine Arts Center offers classes for all ages in the literary, visual and performing arts. Visual Arts: Drawing; Painting; Encaustic Painting; Cartooning; Jewelry  Metalsmithing; Dark Room Photography; Digital Photography; Pottery on the Wheel; Handbuilding; Landscape Design; Calligraphy; Weaving; Knitting; Sewing; Art Workshops. Performing Arts: Ballet; Jazz; Modern Dance; Ballroom; West African Dance; Kindermusik Classes; Yoga; Pilates; Tai Chi; Kung Fu. Private Music Lessons for All Ages, levels, and Instruments. Literary Arts: Fiction Writing; Poetry Writing; Memoir Writing. SUMMER  FALL CLASSES Class Catalog Classes are offered quarterly and typically meet for eight weeks or less. Scroll down for more information. To view the Summer and Fall 2013 Class Catalogs and Dance program, click on the links below. Registration There are four easy ways to register: - Online: CLICK HERE to register online! - By Mail: Complete the registration form in the back of the course catalog and mail it with your check or credit card information to Callanwolde. Please follow the instructions on the form to complete the registration. - By Phone: You may also register by phone with a VISA or Mastercard by calling our Programs/Registration Office at (404) 872-5338, Monday-Friday 9:00AM until 5:00PM. - In Person: You may register in person by visiting Callanwolde's Programs/Registration Office Monday-Friday, 9:00AM until 5:00PM. The Registration Office is located on the second floor of the Callanwolde mansion at 980 Briarcliff Road, N.E., Atlanta, GA 30306. For registration questions contact Registration Office at (404) 872-5338, Monday-Friday 9:00AM until 5:00PM. Supply Lists Many art classes require you to purchase or obtain supplies before the first class begins. View supply lists by clicking on the links below. Binders Art Supplies and Frames Store: Binders at Disco Kroger and Peachtree will give a 10% discount to those who bring in their supply lists and mention Callanwolde. Shop at Binders for your art supply needs and Callanwolde will receive 5% of your purchase donated back to help fund its programs. Callanwolde Class Policies and Information Mailing List To be placed on a mailing list for class publications, please call our Registration Office at (404) 872-5338. Refund Policy To withdraw from a class:  Students must notify the registration office by phone, mail, or in person; e-mails and faxes are not acceptable notification for withdrawal.  Students must notify the registration office at least two business days before the first class meeting in order to receive a refund less a $20.00 withdrawal fee per class. No refunds or transfers will be made after that time.  Refunds take 1-2 weeks to process. Cancellations Callanwolde Fine Arts Center reserves the right to cancel any class due to insufficient enrollment. Full refunds are issued for cancelled classes. We make every effort to notify students of postponements and cancellations at least 24 hours before the first scheduled class. Dates and times are subject to change as necessary. Callanwolde may elect to postpone a class in order to accept additional registrations to meet minimum enrollment requirements. Inclement Weather Policy Callanwolde Fine Arts Center follows the DeKalb County Schools policy for inclement weather, and is closed when the county schools are closed. Classes cancelled due to the weather will be rescheduled at a later date. Callanwolde Mansion and Grounds The Callanwolde Estate is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. By following these rules, you can help keep the historic property in good condition. Parents must watch over their children at all times and be sure to follow our safety rules to prevent injuries: no running in the halls, no playing on the stairways, and no tree climbing on the grounds. No food or beverages allowed outside the cafe. No pets allowed on the Callanwolde estate. Confirmation Due to postage costs, students do not receive confirmation of registration. Unless you are otherwise notified by telephone, classes will start on the days, dates and times listed in this course catalog. Publicity Waiver Occasionally, Callanwolde takes photos of classes or events for publicity purposes. If you prefer not to have a picture of you or your child taken during such an event, please tell the photographer or notify the Publicity Office in advance. Callanwolde Hours Callanwolde Fine Arts Center is open Monday through Friday 9:00AM until 10:00PM and on Saturdays 9:00AM until 4:00PM. Callanwolde is closed on Sundays and most holidays, except for special arts events. Please call (404) 872-5338 for more information about closed holiday dates. Parking Callanwolde Fine Arts Center has free parking available in the open lot behind the arts center. Auxilliary parking is available at the adjacent Laurel Heights Hospital on Briarcliff Road. For safety reasons, parking in the driveway, near entrances and in fire lanes is prohibited. MARTA Callanwolde is easily accessible using MARTA. The Edgewood/Candler Park rail station is the closest rail station to Callanwolde and is approximately 3 miles away. Bus service is available to a bus stop in front of Callanwolde on Braircliff Road. Take Bus # 6 from either the Edgewood/Candler Park MARTA rail station or the Lindbergh rail station to get to Callanwolde by bus. Students with Disabilities Programs and facilities are offered to all persons without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, creed or disability. If you have a special need or a disability, please let us know and we will make every effort to accommodate you. Address Callanwolde Fine Arts Center, 980 Briarcliff Road, NE, Atlanta, GA 30306 More Information For more information about our registration policies and procedures, cancellation and refund policies, etc., call our Registration Office at (404) 872-5338. The Callanwolde Foundation, Inc., operating as The Callanwolde Fine Arts Center is a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve, restore, and develope the Callanwolde estate and to be a premier public and participatory arts and cultural center. All proceeds from class registration and cultural events go to the general operation of the arts center and for the development of future course offerings and cultural programming. All courses and events will take place at Callanwolde Fine Arts Center unless otherwise noted. 