 ( skip this header ) Subscribe to Times Union Subscriber Services Advertise With Us Get TV Weekly Magazine Weather Closings Traffic Help Tuesday, August 27, 2013  timesunion.com Web Search by YAHOO! Businesses  Home News Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Living Blogs Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Find & Save Index  Close [X] Quick links to other pages on this site | Still can't find it? see Site Index Were You Seen? Calendar Social Media 7-Day Archive Full Archives Obituaries Capitol Confidential On the Edge Table Hopping TU Magazines Lottery Local Your Town Capitol Confidential State Nation World Technology The Advocate Databases Special Reports 7-Day Archive School Closings HS Sports Sidelines Saratoga Columnists Siena UAlbany MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Fanshop 7-Day Archive Market Summary The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard 7-Day Archive Press Releases Sponsored Content Editorials Letters to Editor Commentary Columnists Observation Deck Editors' Blog Submit Letters & Commentary 7-Day Archive Calendar Seen Photos Movies TV Restaurants Local Arts Celebs Comics Games Horoscope Lottery 7-Day Archive Parenting Pets Savings Source High School Celebrations 7-Day Archive HealthyLife Life@Home Women@Work Explore Vow Sponsored Content All Blogs Capitol Confidential On the Edge Table Hopping Crime Confidential Shopportunist The Advocate Business Buzz Hot Topics Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Careers and Worklife Blog Business Blog Salary Wizard For Sale Open Houses For Rent New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Life@Home Search New Cars Search Pre-Owned Cars Vehicle Reviews Classic Cars Blog The Bike Blog Shop Classifieds Place an Ad Find Ads Help Topics A-List Business Directory Shopping & Coupons How to Advertise FindnSave Weekly Circulars SavingsSource Classifieds Business Directory Fan Shop   Back to Article  Airport Gallery's'LOL' exhibition has fun with humor Airport gallery's 'LOL' has fun with humor Amy Griffi , Times Union By Amy Griffin, Special to the Times Union  Published 10:55am, Friday, December 2, 2011   View: Larger | Hide "350 lbs. Black Bear," by Benjamin Entner is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Courtesy Art and Culture Program at Albany International Airport) "350 lbs. Black Bear," by Benjamin Entner is on exhibit in "LOL" at... "I think I want to live at mom?s fulltime," by Gregor Wynnyczuk, is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Courtesy Art and Culture Program at Albany International Airport) "I think I want to live at mom?s fulltime," by Gregor Wynnyczuk, is... "OMG," by Brian Kane, is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Courtesy Art and Culture Program at Albany International Airport) "OMG," by Brian Kane, is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport... "Granny Panties for my Ex-Girlfriend," by Benjamin Entner, and "Untitled ? Self Portrait," by Spring Hofeldt, are on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Courtesy Art and Culture Program at Albany International Airport) "Granny Panties for my Ex-Girlfriend," by Benjamin Entner, and... "Double Heels," by Joy Taylor, is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Courtesy Art and Culture Program at Albany International Airport) "Double Heels," by Joy Taylor, is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany... "Projected Mid-Life Crisis" by Owen Sherwood is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Michael Janairo / Times Union) "Projected Mid-Life Crisis" by Owen Sherwood is on exhibit in "LOL"... ?Knife Rake, Fork Rake, Spoon Rake,? by Joy Taylor, is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Michael Janairo / Times Union) ?Knife Rake, Fork Rake, Spoon Rake,? by Joy Taylor, is on exhibit... Detail of ?Spoon Rake,? by Joy Taylor, on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Michael Janairo / Times Union) Detail of ?Spoon Rake,? by Joy Taylor, on exhibit in "LOL" at the... ?Forest Freshener,? by Brian Kane and Michael Oatman, is on exhibit in "LOL" at the Albany Airport Gallery through March 25, 2012. (Michael Janairo / Times Union) ?Forest Freshener,? by Brian Kane and Michael Oatman, is on exhibit...    Tweet  Larger | Smaller Printable Version Email This Georgia (default) Verdana Times New Roman Arial Font  Latest News Cuomo makes appointment to Convention Center Authority Memorial details finalized for Griggs-Janower No Tiger Woods at Turning Stone Sheriff: Mother drove sex-offender son to meet-ups  Page 1 of 1 The press release for "LOL," the exhibit at the Albany International Airport Gallery , states that the goal is to "bring laughter to a place and time in which one all too rarely encounters it." With a more wide-ranging audience than the average gallery, one of the things director Sharon Bates and her assistant, Kathy Greenwood , do best is choose themes with popular appeal  collecting, nostalgia, humor  and then slyly subvert those themes by choosing works that deconstruct them. So it is with "LOL." While many of the works here are funny, others are as much about humor as they are humorous. Effectively announcing this intention, Benjamin Entner's video, "BFF," is placed at the entrance of the show. A full episode of the sitcom "Friends" has been stripped of dialogue, leaving only a string of moments of both the audience and actors reacting, leaving the viewer out of the joke, laughing simply at laughter. If you find yourself laughing at the 12 silk-screened prints of Italian pizza box chefs in Michael Oatman 's piece " Cesare Lombroso 's House of Pizza ," the accompanying text printed on the inside of a pizza box is designed to make you question why you laughed. Oatman contends that this Italian chef, in all its many comical forms is the last ethnic stereotype we tolerate (although one could argue it's rivaled by the pervasive red-haired leprechaun that pops up every year around St. Patrick's Day). The subject of "The Upstate New York Olympics," a video by Tim Davis , is as much performance art as it is the familiar landscape of this particular place. The artist competes (against no one) in goofy, made-up athletic events such as "Abandoned Building Bowling" and "Compost Pile Freestyle." These events rely on physical humor and a willingness of the artist to make a fool of himself, sometimes at some personal risk. Not all works deconstruct an idea; some employ wordplay while others toy with size to get a laugh. With "Granny Panties for My Ex-Girlfriend," another piece by Entner, we see post-breakup revenge writ large in the form of 7-foot wide underwear. By contrast, Roger Bisbing works in miniature. For one piece, the artist has meticulously crafted tiny Shaker-style chairs and arranged them in rows of four with an aisle down the middle and two chairs at the front. If it's not immediately clear, especially given the venue, the title clues you in to the joke: "Shaker Air." Joy Taylor also plays with size with "Knife Rake, Fork Rake, Spoon Rake," in which she's replaced the tines of rakes with cutlery. Her subtle humor is also at work with "Double Heels" in which smaller high heels double for the original heels on a pair of pumps. Owen Sherwood 's "Projected Mid-Life Crisis" consists of six drawings combining muscle cars and Stewart's logos. Again, the title says it all. With "DMV," Andrew DeGraff spells out the cursive letters with a long line of bedraggled people. These works by DeGraff and Sherwood and other equally clever pieces were all seen last spring at the Art Center of the Capital Region show "The History of the World." Torrance Fish, Spring Hofeldt, Linda B. Horn , Brian Kane , Steven Rolf Kroeger , Minna Resnick and Gregor Wynnyczuk round out the list of artists providing the yuks. With this show, the curators succeed in their goal of giving weary travelers something to laugh at for a change as well as possibly making them think. Amy Griffin is a frequent contributor to the Times Union . On exhibit "LOL" When: Through March 25; gallery hours: daily, 7 a.m.-11 p.m. Where: Albany International Airport Gallery, Colonie Admission: Free; airport short term parking: free for first half hour, $2 for second half hour, each additional half hour is $1. Info: 518-242-2222; http://www.albanyairport.com/art_culture.php Printable Version Email This RM 20174  Email This  need to remove yahoo badge  /entertainment/article/Airport-Gallery-s-LOL-exhibition-has-fun-with-2340111.php  Tweet  More entertainment stories  Rural Andean churches plagued by sacred art theft Arts Talk A provocative 'Stockholm' from Stageworks/Hudson 'Silk' a smooth legal drama, British-style Good things to do for the week ahead On exhibit: Vibrant work by Terry Bat-Sonja and Emily Rauch at Viewpoint Gallery On exhibit: 'PaperWorks' at the Berkshire Museum Arts briefs Metallica to headline at the Apollo Police: Intruder found at Lopez's Hamptons estate Kanye professes love for Kim Kardashian on 'Kris' Miller comes out, rejects Russian invite  Entertainment Galleries  Robert Plant is now an old age pensioner World's biggest bagpipe competition Hollywood Foreign Press Association Luncheon 2013  Latest Entertainment News Mark Humphrey Muhammad Ali awards to honor humanitarian efforts The former three-time heavyweight champion plans to be in his hometown of Louisville, Ky., for the presentation of the first-ever...  Latest News  Sheriff: Mother drove sex-offender son to meet-ups WARRENSBURG — A Queensbury mother helped her sex-offender son set up meetings with underage children, the Warren County Sheriff's... Top Jobs DRIVERS - P and H Transportation Tractor Trailer Fuel Truck Drivers needed. Nights/W... more Leasing Agent || PT (Ballston Spa, NY) Your experience in leasing and your strong personal work ... more HVAC TECHNICIAN Long Energy is seeking a qualified tech for year round position. Knowledge of pro... more More Times Union Home News Local News Your Town Capitol Confidential Nation World Opinion Sports High School Sports Business Technology Entertainment Living Blogs Weather Traffic Calendar Restaurants Movies Television Obituaries Births Weddings/Celebrations Travel/Explore Photos and Video Comics Games Contests Data Center Full Archives 7-Day Archive Topics 518 Moms Pets Life @ Home Healthy Life Savings Source Home Delivery Newspaper Subscription Subscriber Services Deliver the Paper Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Business Directory Shopping/Coupons Today's Print Ads Place an Ad Info for Advertisers Purchase Photos Services Help/Contact Us Hope Fund Copyright/Reprint Classroom Enrichment Privacy Policy California privacy rights Terms of Service Mobile site E-Edition E-mail Alerts Ad Choices  2013 Hearst Communications Inc.   