 RideLust Videos Funny Hoonage Racing Car Reviews Import Domestic European Motorcycles Best of Top of the Heap Gaming FAIL Babes Rants  Raves News Rides Domestic European Import Motorcycle Other Rides Event Coverage Auto Show Racing SEMA Test Days Rants  Raves Alt Fuels Pop Culture Featured Articles 2014 Chevrolet Silverado: Ridelust Review Ridelust Review: 2013 Dodge Challenger SRT8 392 Ridelust Review: 2013 BMW X6 M Ridelust Review: 2013 Infiniti M56 Sport 5 Emergency Items Every Motorist Should Have 2013 BMW 135is: Ridelust Review  Facebook Twitter RSS  VESPALOGY: 1943-Present Posted in Best of , Educational , General , Pop Culture , Videos byMrAngry|July 27th, 2013|Leave a Reply| The Vespa motor scooter is a modern pop-culture icon. It popped up in 1943 as a cheap form of transportation and since that time has provided millions of people with a great way to get around. A favorite amongst the custom crowd, and coming in only second to Harley-Davidson, owners tend to personalize their Vespas to reflect their own style. The following is not an advertisement, but simply, a graphical timeline that pays homage to one of the coolest little scoots on the planet. Source: Vimeo.com Read More Underground Hero : Love To Hate Me Posted in Best of , European Rides , General , Lamborghini , Pop Culture , Rides byMrAngry|July 25th, 2013|Leave a Reply| Criminals, undesirables and hooligans. All members of society that intrigue those of us who lead relatively normal lives. We see these folks and sometimes wonder how and why they choose to lead a life that goes against conformity and portrays them in a much more unfavorable light. Morohoshi-san lives in Japan and pilots one of the most garish Lamborghini Diablos weve ever come across. For him, the car is a big fuck you to society and its rules and lets the world know that he is in fact, an unsavory individual. Source: Youtube.com Read More CRAZY CART from RAZOR! Posted in Best of , Car Tech , General , Hoonage , News , Pop Culture , Videos byMrAngry|July 17th, 2013|Leave a Reply| I suppose theres no harm in saying that even though Im in my 40s, I want one of these things desperately. The Crazy Cart from RAZOR is an adolescent boys dream. Its got one electric drive wheel under the steering column, a drift handle and a price tag thats around $400.00. Is it expensive? Yes. However if you have dreams of your toddler becoming the next Ken Block or Tanner Foust, then spending 4 bills on the Crazy Cart may not be such a bad idea. Source: Youtube.com Read More Muscle Car Rescue: They Need Your Help Posted in Best of , Environment , General , muscle cars , News , Pictures , Pop Culture , Videos byMrAngry|June 30th, 2013|Leave a Reply| They say that everyone needs a second chance, but what about everything? Muscle Car Rescue is a group that fights for the rights of underprivileged and abused automobiles that have been left languishing in fields, on the sides of homes and in vacant car ports throughout the country. Yes, their stories are sad, but hopefully, with your help, we can save some of these old steel beasts and return them to their former glory. Check out their video after the jump and make sure to click on the link below for more information. Source: MuscleCarRescue.com Read More Motorcycle Madness: Rolling Band Posted in Best of , Car Tech , Funny , Funny Videos , General , News , People , Pop Culture , Videos byMrAngry|June 28th, 2013|Leave a Reply| If you drive any sort of distance during your daily commute, then the odds of you listening to your vehicles radio are pretty good. What if you dont have a radio though  what then? Well, if youre an enterprising young lad with a few musician friends, a motorcycle, and a good sense of humor you could go this route. Yes its unconventional, but the looks youll get alone would be worth the price of admission! Check it this amazingly cool ride after the jump. Source: FB.com Read More 20 Amazing Vintage Automobile Photos! Posted in Best of , General , Pop Culture byMrAngry|June 27th, 2013|1 Response| These days classic cars are generally seen taking up space at car shows or as lawn ornaments on the neighbors driveway. When these cars were new though, they were nothing more than daily drivers. They saw snow, rain and sun and were generally disposed of when their usefulness had run its course. Thankfully for us, VWVortex.com has a 129 page post going on with some of the best vintage photos that can be found anywhere online. Weve gathered together 20 of our favorites, but make sure to click on the link below to check out the rest. Some of them are simply epic! Source: VWVortex.com Read More Whats the best, worst car youve ever owned? Posted in Best of , General , Import Rides , People , Pop Culture , Rides , Toyota byMrAngry|June 22nd, 2013|5 Responses| Ever have a good car that you simply love to hate on? Mine was a 1989 Toyota Tercel like the one you see here and looking back on it, I feel truly guilty about the way I treated it. This car was all about basic transportation, which was something it did quite well and it deserved better than a young adult who simply wanted to beat on it and go fast. If you look at the spec sheet its really quite dismal. Power came from a 1.5L I4 that produced 78 hp and 87 lb-ft of torque through a 3-speed automatic with manual overdrive. Mine only had two options  the aforementioned automatic transmission and A/C. Everything else was bargain basement. It had an AM/FM radio with two speakers, crank windows, cloth seats and that was it. Read More Time Machine: Petrolicious Posted in Best of , Cool Stuff , General , Pop Culture , Top of the Heap , Videos byMrAngry|June 18th, 2013|Leave a Reply| Sometimes we find the most precious gifts when we arent even looking. They generally come to us by chance at a time when we need them the most, and reward us in ways we could never dream possible. This episode of Petrolicious is one of my favorites, and after watching I think youll see why. Source: Petrolicious.com Read More SRT: Body  Soul Campaign Posted in auto industry , Chrysler , Dodge , Domestic Rides , General , muscle cars , News , Plymouth , Pop Culture , Rides , Videos byMrAngry|June 15th, 2013|1 Response| If you were to ask the adolescents of today which theyd rather have, a new car or a smartphone, you may be surprised at the answer youd get. As a kid, I distinctly remember that the only thing I wanted was my drivers license. SRTs new advertising campaign gives us all, young and old, a little shot in the arm and reminds us that, even though technology is a wonderful thing, its nothing if it doesnt stir the body and soul. Source: Youtube.com Read More Peugeot 208 and Wacky Races = GOLD! Posted in Cool Stuff , European Rides , General , Peugeot , Pop Culture , Racing , Rides , Top of the Heap byMrAngry|June 6th, 2013|Leave a Reply| If youve ever heard of Dick Dastardly  Muttley, The Slag Brothers, Penelope Pitstop or The Ant Hill Mob, then you are the target audience for the new Peugeot 208. Released in 1968, the Wacky Races pitted 11 teams against each other in a series of cartoon races. There were hijinks, bombs and even one rather attractive heroine who drove a pink hot-rod. Peugeots newest ad campaign for the new 208 includes all your favorite characters from the Wacky Races, and is nothing short of brilliant. Source: VIMEO.com Read More Next Page eBay Deal of the Week: 1973 Datsun 240Z Pro-street eBay Deal of the Week: 1973 BMW 2002 Touring Site Info About Ridelust Editor-in-Chief Mike Musto Lead Writer Kurt Ernst Contributors Dustin Driver Leigh D Jon James Advertise Advertising Options Contact RideLust ridelust@gmail.com Subscribe RSS | Email Links Jalopnik Inside Line Autoblog N.Y. Times Automobiles Left Lane News Carscoop Autoholics The Truth About Cars The Smoking Tire AutoSpies Autoevolution Ralf Becker Hawaii Motor Beat Hemmings Bangshift RideLust is a site for car enthusiasts by car enthusiasts. We feature new car reviews, videos, photos, product reviews, rants and raves and anything else we feel may be of interest to readers who loves cars, motorcycles or other wheeled transportation. A co-production of SeaWaves & Brainz . Copyright 2011-2099. Privacy Policy .  