 More Outlook.com Skype Careers  Jobs Cars Celebrity Dating  Personals eBay Entertainment Food Games Her Him Horoscopes Lifestyle Mobile Money Movies Music National Lottery News Shopping Sport Tech Travel TV Video Weather Microsoft services MSN UK Outlook.com New Explorer 10 Make MSN your Homepage Page Options How to make page text larger Download Internet Explorer 10 Sign In . Site | Web | Images | Videos | Shopping | News | Maps Bing search:  Follow MSN HOME ENTERTAINMENT HOME TV tv news what to watch pick of the day reality tv soaps drama talk tv features video clips CELEBRITY celeb news caught on camera snaparazzi quotes vip access features video clips MOVIES movie news future movies reviews trailers  clips features MUSIC music news what's hot talking points features video clips GAMES what to play download games online games cash games bingo lottery browser games Celebrity The latest celebrity photos, news, videos and hot gossip from around the world Which celeb made the most cash in 2012? Cheryl's not the only celeb crazy about tattoos! Shock split: Michael and CZJ 'end marriage' Simon turns up the heat with pregnant lover The best celebrity Instagram pics of the week Celebs uncovered: the truth behind the pics! She's a princess! Jennifer transformed for Disney Cute! Harper waves from the carousel at Disney Which celeb raked in the most money? Cheryl's not the only celeb crazy about tattoos! Shock split: Michael and CZJ 'end marriage' Simon turns up the heat with pregnant lover Celebrity Instagrams of the week Celebs: the truth behind the pics Jennifer Hudson as a Disney princess The Beckhams go to Disneyland! latest celebrity news Starr re-bailed over sex claims Martin: I was ashamed of being gay Kym and Jamie Lomas still strong Kym and Jamie Lomas still strong Cole: I'm done with tattoos now Swift takes a swipe at 1D's Styles? caught on camera today The best celebrities caught on camera! snaparazzi One Direction prepare to jet out of New York City best of Celebrity tattoos Separated at birth? quotes of the week Celebrity quotes of the week, 23 August: who said what? Celebrity quotes of the week, 26 July: who said what? Celebrity quotes of the week, 28 June: who said what? vip access The Jagger family pose for rare portrait at Serpentine Summer Party Mark Wright declares it's 'Forever' with Michelle Keegan at Brooke Vincent's birthday Jennifer Aniston  Bradley Cooper share a joke at Spike TV Guy's Choice awards video highlights Is Katy Perry romancing her agent? Kelly Osbourne shares dorky high school snap Kim Kardashian ditches her heels Did Niall Horan date a Made In Chelsea girl? Helen Flanagan caught shoplifting Frankie Sandford shows off her baby bump features Miley Cyrus: Twerkgate in pictures Secret and low-key celebrity weddings: Katherine Kelly has married Ryan Clark Forbes Celebrity Rich List: Which Star Made the Most Money? Celebrity splits: Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel end marriage by 'mutual agreement' When bad faces happen to beautiful celebrities Simon Cowell and pregnant Lauren Silverman take a romantic beach stroll you may also like Get the Downton look Get the look: knitwear Get the look: cowgirl Reeva Steenkamp shows her natural beauty in early modelling snaps Glam grills: the blinging celebrity teeth trend MTV VMAs 2013: style round-up Celebrity baby boom The latest baby news Showbiz insider blog Daily pics: Stars caught on camera New celebrity couples Showbiz romance gossip! Keep up to date with the latest showbiz news VIP Access: the latest star party pics! competitions Win a Theatre weekend break Win a Blackberry torch Win a Vegas holiday Win a Trip for Two to the Rio Carnival Advertisement | AdChoices Latest Latest Shared Shared Watched Watched Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said 1 hour ago Starr re-bailed over sex claims 1 hour ago Martin: I was ashamed of being gay 4 hours ago Kym and Jamie Lomas still strong 4 hours ago Cole: I'm done with tattoos now 4 hours ago Swift takes a swipe at 1D's Styles? 5 hours ago Madonna is Forbes top earning star 5 hours ago Zayn and Perrie's online love chats 5 hours ago Khloe Kardashian: Husband not AWOL 5 hours ago Cowell to name baby after Dad? 6 hours ago TV's Kelly weds secretly in Vegas 7 hours ago Jackson's girl 'in a good place' 7 hours ago Miley Cyrus: Twerkgate in pictures 8 hours ago Forbes Celebrity Rich List: Which Star Made the... 8 hours ago Celebrity splits: Monica Bellucci and Vincent... 9 hours ago Weight loss Clunes adjusts wardrobe 9 hours ago Secret and low-key celebrity weddings: Katherine... 11 hours ago Stars honoured for ecology work 22 hours ago When bad faces happen to beautiful celebrities 1 day ago Blake Harrison songs 'pathetic' 1 day ago Miley Cyrus: Twerkgate in pictures Why is David Beckham's face immortalised in,... Celebrity Instagram pictures of the week Madonna's son Rocco gets into the groove... Jackson's girl 'in a good place' Starr re-bailed over sex claims Khloe Kardashian: Husband not AWOL Cowell to name baby after Dad? Lady Gaga steals the spotlight in New York City Brooklyn Beckham Reportedly Dating Wealthy... Watched 12386 times Taylor Swift Drops F-Bomb While Harry Styles... Watched 5089 times Brooklyn Beckham Fills in For David at... Watched 2649 times MTV VMAs: Taylor Swift mouths f**k you at One... Watched 1388 times Katherine Jenkins Wears Victoria Beckham Despite... Watched 1118 times Victoria Beckham Opens Up About Her 'Normal'... Watched 976 times Victoria Beckham is More Normal Than You Think Watched 680 times Miley Cyrus' Team Freaked Out by VMA Performance Watched 667 times MTV VMAs: Miley Cyrus performs in nude bikini Watched 665 times David Beckham Takes Busy Victoria to Lunch in... Watched 661 times latest celebrity videos  Up Next 0 Matthew Morrison and Fianc Waiting To Get Married Although theyre engaged, Matthew Morrison says he and fianc Renee Puente are taking their sweet time to tie the knot. Share  Matthew Morrison and Fianc Waiting To Get Married  Although theyre engaged, Matthew Morrison says he and fianc Renee Puente are taking their sweet time to tie the knot. Date 25 mins ago , Duration 1:04 , Views 0 Video by: Splash News | Britney, Paris, Lohan and More: SplashNewsOnline.com  celebrity videos  No MSN videos were found.  0 msn celebrity poll  Enable JavaScript to see this poll. Who is your favourite celebrity to follow on Twitter? Thanks for being one of the first people to vote. Results will be available soon. Check for results Justin Bieber 6%  Justin Bieber 70votes Tulisa Contostavlos 4%  Tulisa Contostavlos 52votes Rihanna 12%  Rihanna 133votes Katy Perry 8%  Katy Perry 90votes Stephen Fry 26%  Stephen Fry 298votes Simon Cowell 7%  Simon Cowell 86votes Miley Cyrus 5%  Miley Cyrus 53votes Amanda Bynes 6%  Amanda Bynes 65votes Cheryl Cole 12%  Cheryl Cole 144votes Kim Kardashian 14%  Kim Kardashian 161votes Skip to results Back to voting Total Responses:1,152 Not scientifically valid. Results are updated every minute. hot on msn PM: world can not stand idly by Arsenal v Fenerbahce Undress rehearsal: Miley's backstage MTV snaps Back to uni tech: top gadgets for campus popular searches Cheryl Cole JLS Lady GaGa Michael Jackson Prince Katie Price Ashley Cole Tiger Woods Eminem Rihanna advertisement Advertisement | AdChoices latest news Miley Cyrus: Twerkgate in pictures The story of Miley Cyrus' controversial VMAs performance in pics. Secret and low-key celebrity weddings: Katherine Kelly has married Ryan Clark Katherine Kelly has only gone and got married. Join us as we look at her and other fellow celebs who've tied the knot in secret. Forbes Celebrity Rich List: Which Star Made the Most Money? From Lady Gaga to Oprah Winfrey, the Forbes celebrity rich list reveals the wealthiest stars in Hollywood. Who's the richest though? Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said Selena Gomez refused to confirm what Taylor Swift said to her at the VMAs Starr re-bailed over sex claims Freddie Starr has been re-bailed by police investigating alleged sexual offences Martin: I was ashamed of being gay Ricky Martin has opened up about his struggles with his sexuality Kym and Jamie Lomas still strong Kym and Jamie Lomas are determined to make their marriage work Cole: I'm done with tattoos now Cheryl Cole's new tattoo has provoked mixed reaction form fans Swift takes a swipe at 1D's Styles? Taylor Swift thanked the ex who inspired her hit I Knew You Were Trouble at the VMAs Madonna is Forbes top earning star Madonna has been named the number one highest earning celebrity Zayn and Perrie's online love chats Zayn Malik uses the internet to keep in touch with fiancee Perrie Edwards on the road Khloe Kardashian: Husband not AWOL Khloe Kardashian has hit out at reports her husband has gone missing MSN celebrity sitemap Entertainment Movie reviews Music news TV Gossip Cash Games Celebrity The latest news Showbiz features Celebs caught on camera! Celebrity features The latest celebrity quotes Celebrity baby boom Showbiz videos VIP Access The showbiz insider Hot celebrity pictures Entertainment news Movie trailers and clips TV Soaps Music interviews Celebrity blog Celebrity editor's Twitter MSN Entertainment Twitter Legal Advertise About our ads Privacy  Cookies Anti-Spam About MSN Contact Us CafĂŠ MSN Customer Care Report An Error ÂŠ 2013 Microsoft Bing search: Close Make MSN your Homepage