   (704) 799-7680   Home     Convertible Tops     Boat Interiors     Auto Upholstery     Request Estimate     About Us       Auto  Boat Upholstery near Charlotte, NC Lake Norman Tops  Interiors is an auto upholstery and boat upholstery business serving the greater Charlotte, NC and Lake Norman areas. We typically serve customers from a 50 mile radius around our shop, including Mooresville, Salisbury, Statesville, and Hickory, NC. We provide both replacement and custom services, so whether you want to repair your torn and worn out convertible top or you want a high quality custom custom interior, we're the shop for you. Our upholstery shop's focus is extremely high quality of work and complete customer satisfaction. Convertible Top Replacement We specialize in replacing convertible tops for all cars. Whether your classic car needs a show-quality new covertible top or your daily driver needs a high quality convertible repair, we're the upholstery shop for you. We provide high quality work on foreign and domestic convertibles. Boat Interiors When your boat interior needs replacement from too much sun or fun, Lake Norman Tops  Interiors is the premier boat upholstery shop in the Lake Norman, NC area. We give your boat's interior that like-new factory look and feel. We also replace rotten wood flooring in boats. Auto Upholstery Our auto upholstery shop offers complete replacement or custom interior services to the greater Charlotte area. We handle everything with expert precision and quality, including carpet and headliner replacement and leather seat replacement. Our work is always premium quality and at a great value. Find us on Google+  Home Convertible Tops Boat Interiors Auto Upholstery Request Estimate About Us Contact Us Location Lake Norman Tops & Interiors Inc. 615 Oakridge Farm Hwy. Mooresville, NC 28115 704-799-7680 phone 704-799-7681 fax This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Located Conveniently North of Charlotte by Lake Norman  