 Added to Favorites Dictionary Thesaurus Word Dynamo Quotes Reference Translator Spanish Log In Sign Up Premium Introducing a cool new way to learn!  auto-cross'  Ads SCCA Runoffs Champions www.saferacer.com/ Sparco, Simpson, Alpine Stars, Bell Racing Suits, Helmets, Gloves, Shoe Dictionary.com Mobile www.dictionary.com/mobile Join 45 Million Happy Mobile Users Today On Our Award-Winning Four Star App. Download Now! au·to·cross / ˈɔ toʊˌkrɔs, -ˌkrɒs / Show Spelled [ aw -toh-kraws, -kros ] Show IPA  noun Automotive. gymkhana ( def 2 ) . Origin: 1960–65; auto- 2 + (moto)cross Dictionary.com Unabridged Based on the Random House Dictionary, © Random House, Inc. 2013. Cite This Source | Link To auto-cross'  Collins World English Dictionary autocross (ˈɔːtəʊˌkrɒs)  n motocross See also rallycross a form of motor sport in which cars race over a half-mile circuit of rough grass Collins English Dictionary - Complete & Unabridged 10th Edition 2009 © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1979, 1986 © HarperCollins Publishers 1998, 2000, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009 Cite This Source Relevant Questions How Do You Cross Over Th... How Do You Plot Cross Se... Why Cant You Cross The B... Where Can You Find A Cro... How Do You Cross Bridges... What Was The Multipurpos... How Do You Cross Over Th... How Do You Cross Bridges... Why Cant You Cross The B... How Do You Plot Cross Se... 00:10 Auto-cross' is always a great word to know. So is bezoar . Does it mean: So is callithumpian . Does it mean: So is interrobang . Does it mean: a calculus or concretion found in the stomach or intestines of certain animals, esp. ruminants, formerly reputed to be an effective remedy for poison. a stew of meat, vegetables, potatoes, etc. an arrangement of five objects, as trees, in a square or rectangle, one at each corner and one in the middle. a children's mummer's parade, as on the Fourth of July, with prizes for the best costumes. a printed punctuation mark (‽), available only in some typefaces, designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question. an arrangement of five objects, as trees, in a square or rectangle, one at each corner and one in the middle. LEARN MORE UNUSUAL WORDS WITH WORD DYNAMO... word Dynamo Module Matching Quote "The reason American cars don't sell anymore is that they have forgotten how to design the American Dream. What does it matter if you buy a car today or six months from now, because cars are not beautiful. That's why the American auto industry is in trouble: no design, no desire." -Karl Lagerfeld MORE Display ads1 rightrail Module Relatedwords Slang rightrail Module Want auto-cross' ad-free? Click here! Idioms rightrail Module Images Slider Module Quotes Module  Related Searches Auto trader Advance auto parts Napa auto parts Princess auto canada Princess auto catalo... Auto repair Citifinancial auto p... Citifinancial auto p... Nearby Words auto-buses auto-busses auto-catalyses auto-catalysis auto-catalytic auto-catalytica... auto-catharses auto-catharsis auto-changer auto-chrome auto-chthonic auto-clave auto-collimatio... auto-collimator auto-complete auto-completion auto-correct auto-correction auto-correlatio... auto-court auto-cross' auto-crosses auto-da-f auto-da-f'e auto-da-fe auto-da-fé auto-de-fe auto-destruct auto-destructio... auto-destructiv... auto-dial auto-dialer auto-didact auto-didactic auto-didactical... auto-didacticis... auto-dyne auto-erotic auto-erotic asp... auto-erotic asp... auto-erotically In-house ads Module Sky ad Module  Partners: Word Bloglines Citysearch The Daily Beast Ask Answers Ask Kids Life123 Sendori Home Advisor Copyright  2013 Dictionary.com, LLC . All rights reserved. About PRIVACY POLICY Terms API Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Suggest a Word Help Please Login or Sign Up to use the Favorites feature Please Login or Sign Up to use the Recent Searches feature FAVORITES RECENT   