 Sort by Type Car Booster Car Seats Convertible Car Seats Infant Car Seats Sort by Brand Britax Cosco Evenflo Graco Safety 1st Sort By Price $0 - $100 $100 - $150 $150 - $200 $200+ FAQs Baby Blog Convertible Car Seats Are you looking for a convertible car seat? If so, youve come to the right place! Listed below are some of the most popular convertible car seats from the top car seat brands! Britax Seats: Britax Roundabout 50 Convertible Car Seat  - This convertible car seat holds babies 5-50 lbs . It includes side impact protection to distribute crash forces, shield from vehicle intrusion, and to contain the head and body. Its higher forward facing seat capacity allows children to remain harnessed up to 50 pounds, it has a tangle free, five point harness with four harness heights and three buckle positions for a snug and secure fit and lastly, and it has a premium push button lower latch connector for a quick, simple and tight installation.   Price Range : $199.99 Britax Roundabout 50 Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Roundabout Convertible Car Seat  - To start, this seat is made for children weighing 5-40 lbs . Also, this car seat in particular is a compact convertible seat made with side impact protection. This means it distributes crash forces, shields from vehicle intrusion, and contains the head and body fo your baby. This compact size is ideal for vehicles with limited rear seat space and also has tangle-free, five-point harness with three harness heights to make sure your baby has a snug and secure fit . Also, it has premium push-button latch connectors for a quick, simple and tight installation.   Price Range : $179.99-$199.99 Britax Roundabout Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Advocate Convertible Car Seat  - This seat holds children 5-65 lbs . Like most Britax, this seat includes side impact cushion technology which reduces side impact crash energy by 50%, by diverting crash forces away from the child. It also has the true side impact protection which distributes crash forces, shields from vehicle intrusion, contains the head and body, and minimizes side to side head movement. Not to mention, it has a click and safe harness adjuster that clicks when the harness straps are snug, and lastly, it has a quick adjust headrest and harness that re-positions head support and harness height effortlessly without having to rethread the straps.   Price Range : $279.99 Britax Advocate Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat  - The Marathon convertible is a very popular choice among parents. This car seat is suitable for children 5-65 lbs . It has side impact protection which distributes crash forces, shields from vehicle intrusion, and contains the head and body of your child. This is very important when it comes to your little ones safety. It also has a tangle-free, five-point harness with four harness heights for a snug and secure fit. Although thats not all, it also comes with premium push-button latch connectors that make it possible for a quick, simple and tight installation!   Price Range : $199.99-$279.99 Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Boulevard Convertible Car Seat  - To start off, this seat holds from 5-65 lbs . It has a head pad and harness height adjustment, built-in lock-offs, an infant body pillow for a your childs comfort, belt holders to keep belts aside for boarding, a belly pad for comfort and protection, a removable and washable fabric cover, a flexible buckle latch system, a recline adjustment for tilting, extra padding in head area for comfort and a snug fit, a 5-point harness and a one-pull front harness adjustment. This is a great choice with many great features to keep your child safe and snug!   Price Range : $299.99-$309.99 Britax Boulevard Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Regent Youth Car Seat  - Here we have a car seat that is designed for children 22-80 lbs . It also has many great features that both the parents and child will love. It comes with comfort foam and EPS protective foam, has a patented HUGS system, a tangle-free 5 point harness with belly pad, a flexible buckle latch system and versa-tether and also four shoulder slots for closer fit and one pull front harness adjustment. Let your child slip into something that is more comfortable, and safe for daily drives.   Price Range : $249.99 Britax Regent Youth Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Decathlon Convertible Car Seat  - The Decathlon is another great choice for parents. This car seat in particular is suitable for children 5-65 lbs . It comes with a 5 point harness with patented Floating HUGS system and 4 harness heights, built-in lock-off clips and versa-tether  safe guard latch connectors. Although thats not all, it also comes with EPS and comfort foam for safety and comfort and a rear and forward-facing recline. This car seat is great for your little one, and it is a very popular choice!   Price Range : $232.39-$294.99 Britax Decathlon Convertible Car Seat Review  Britax Diplomat Convertible Car Seat  - This car seat is specially designed for use in smaller vehicles and children weighing 5-40 lbs . The Britax Diplomat is a compact, convertible car seat thats comfortable for your baby on long drives, is easy for parents to work with and is known for its safety. It has a 5 point harness with patented floating HUGS system and true side impact protection, built-in lock-off clips, versa-tether  safe guard latch connectors, EPS and comfort foam for safety and comfort, and also a quick adjust headrest and recline is also included!   Price Range : $259.99 Britax Diplomat Convertible Car Seat Review Britax Boulevard Click and Safe Car Seat  - Here we have a car seat made for children weighing 20-65 lbs . The Click and Safe feature is an audible aide to help determine when the harness is secure by clicking when the harness straps are snug. It includes side impact protection which distributes crash forces, shields from vehicle intrusion, contains the head and body, and minimizes side-to-side head movement. It also includes a quick-adjust headrest and harness for head support, and a tangle-free, five-point harness with multiple harness heights for a snug and secure fit.   Price Range : $279.99 Britax Boulevard Click and Safe Convertible Car Seat Review  Cosco Seats: Cosco Scenera Convertible Car Seat  - The Scenera convertible is a great car seat that comes in many fun colors for your little one. Not only does it come in nice colors, but it also has great features that benefit the parent and the child. It has a 5-point harness that has 4 harness heights. It can also be used as forward facing or rear facing, has an internal LATCH anchor system, a padded seat for your little ones comfort, cupholders, and is recommended for 5-40 lbs . This is a great car seat that can last you quite a few years!   Price Range : $54.95-$64.99 Cosco Scenera Convertible Car Seat Review Evenflo Seats: Evenflo Triumph Advance LX Convertible Car Seat  - To start, this car seat is made for children weighing 2-50 lbs . It comes with a removable body and infant head support pillows for their convenience, a multi-position recliner, a fold-down cup holder to make it easier to store and pick up drinks and a slide harness adjustment system. Also, with this car seat comes 2 buckle straps to to make sure your little one fits even when theyre growing! This car seat meets and even exceeds the U.S. safety standards, so you know it is something special!   Price Range: $107.00-$129.39 Evenflo Triumph Advance LX Convertible Car Seat Review Evenflo Triumph Advance DLX Convertible Car Seat  - This car seat is made for babies 5-50 lbs , includes a multi-position recline and removable body pillows to make sure your son or daughter is comfortable at all times. Also, it comes with harness adjustments, is LATCH equipped and has a fold down cup holder for easy bottle access. This is a great car seat that comes with an affordable price! Although, not only does it have a great price, but it meets and exceeds all applicable U.S.safety standards as well!   Price Range: $155.82-$182.40 Evenflo Triumph Advance DLX Convertible Car Seat Review   Evenflo Titan Elite Convertible Car Seat  - If youre looking to make your little one happy, and comfortable in the car, consider the Elite Titan! This car seat seats babies 2-50 lbs , has removable body pillows and Comfortsense memory foam, and it conveniently holds snacks and drinks just within arms reach. Although, thats not all, this car seat is forward facing and rear facing, has an upfront tightening harness, and a dual position recline for even more comfort! Price Range: $91.77 Evenflo Titan Elite Convertible Car Seat Review Evenflo Titan Sport Convertible Car Seat  - This is the perfect car seat for a growing child weighing 5-50 lbs . The Titan Sport accomodates most children from birth to 5 years of age. The features that it includes are a 5 point harness, upfront harness tightening, an energy absorbing foam liner, and a seat guard base that protects your vehicles interior. This car seat is also all about comfort. We want your little one to be comfortable, and with the Titan Sport it can be! It includes a removable head pillow, a foot recline feature, and a dual positioning buckle slot to enhance comfort! Price Range: $69.52-$79.99 Evenflo Titan Sport Convertible Car Seat Review Evenflo Triumph Advance Premier Convertible Car Seat  - This is a great car seat that has some excellent reviews! To start off, this car seat is made for babies 5-40 lbs , includes an infinite slide harness adjustment system, removable body and infant head support body pillows for your little ones comfort, and a multi-position recline ReclineRight base. Also, this car seat includes removable washable pads, and EPP energy absorbing foam liner, a fold down cup holder, 2 buckle strap positions to accomodate a growing child, is made for children weighing and this car seat meets and exceeds all applicable U.S. safety standards! Price Range: $160.00-$169.00 Evenflo Triumph Advance Premier Convertible Car Seat Review Evenflo Tribute V Convertible Car Seat  - This is a nice car seat if youre looking for a cute design and safety! This car seat meets and even exceeds any U.S. federal safety standard, has a 5 point harness to securely fasten your child, is made for children weighing 5-40 lbs , and also has a 2 position recline for your babies comfort. Your little one will definitely be comfortable with its recline system, body pillow and head pillow, and enhanced comfort! This car seat is also forward or rear facing. Price Range: $69.99-$72.69 Evenflo Tribute V Convertible Car Seat Review Graco Seats: Graco MyRide 65 Convertible  - To start, this car seat is made for children weighing 5-65 lbs . It was engineered and crash-tested to meet or exceed US Safety Standards, was side impact tested, has EPS energy-absorbing foam, a 5-point harness with front adjustment which helps keep baby secure, has dual cupholders and it has a comfy infant insert for growing child. Also, it has a removable toddler headrest which helps ensure your growing childs comfort, is LATCH-equipped for easy installation, it is approved for airplane use and has a machine washable fabric! Price Range : $149.99 Graco MyRide 65 Convertible Car Seat Review Graco ComfortSport Convertible  - The ComfortSport Convertible is made for babies up to 30 lbs . It has a 5-point harness with two buckle and three shoulder height positions that grow with your child, a plush, EZ-Wash pad removable seat pad simplifies cleaning without harness removal, an EPS, Energy absorbing foam for your childs safety, it is LATCH equipped for easy installation, is approved for airplane use, has a GracoPedic Luxury Foam in the seat area and sides, and a detachable head pillow and harness covers for a cozy ride! Price Range : $88.54-$106.36 Graco ComfortSport Convertible Car Seat Review Safety 1st Seats:   Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite  - This car seat seats 5-35 pounds rear facing, 22-40 pounds front facing, and 40-100 pounds belt positioning booster.  So, a child anywhere from 5-100 lbs  is perfect for this car seat!  It is a convertible car seat, it has a removable cup holder, a 5-point harness with up front adjustment, and a removable washable car seat pad!   Price Range: $144.99-$184.99 Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible Car Seat Review Safety 1st All-In-One  - The All-in-One Convertible Car Seat is a convertible car seat that grows with your child.  It fits your child from infant to toddler due to EPP energy absorbing foam.  For exact numbers, it seats children 5-50 lbs .  This car seat is easy to clean, easy to install and comfortable for your child.  This car seat also includes an EPP foam in headrest, a quickFit harness system, extra infant head support, and a five point harness with an easy push button buckle.   Price Range : $92.00-$139.99 Safety 1st All-in-One Convertible Car Seat Review Safety 1st Air Protect Complete Air  - We cant predict when a collision may occur, so Safety 1st is as prepared as can be.  This car seat has revolutionary Side Impact Technology that drastically reduces side impact crash forces to the head!  It also has a quickFit Harness System, and a LATCH system with an easy click-in and release for better installation.  This seat is made for children weighing 5-50 lbs !   Price Range : $179.99 Safety 1st Air Protect Complete Convertible Car Seat Review  Search for: Subscribe in a reader Recent Articles 4 Reasons to Consider Car Seat Ratings 11 Week Old Baby Milestones 7 Month Old Baby Milestones 6 Month Old Baby Development Sample Baby Schedule for a 3-4 Week Old Categories After Delivery Baby Development and Milestones Baby Tips Books Breastfeeding Car Seat Laws Car Seat Reviews Car Seats Charts Entertainment Feeding How to Guides Items to Buy Labor  Giving Birth News Nutrition Pregnancy Questions Saving Money Schedules Seasons/Holidays Sleeping Toddlers Uncategorized Vaccines/Illness  Copyright  FINDmycarseat.com | Powered by WordPress About Us | Archives | Contact Us | Privacy Policy  