 Calendar  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies LA News Local News Blog Ask a Mexican Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Events Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Tickets Artopia Tacolandia Bedrocktoberfest LA Music Music Blog Henry Rollins Concert Calendar LA Nightlife Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile Music Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Restaurants Food Blog Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Arts Arts Blog LA Theater The Advice Goddess Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Movies Showtimes Movie Trailers Film Festivals Podcast Film Newsletter Get Mobile Free Stuff Things to do in LA 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads Readers' Poll 2013 LA Promotions Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets LA Classifieds Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter Alternative Healing MMJ Home MMJ News Dispensary Guide MMJ Newsletter  Food Music Events Movies Search Events Filter Events Date Tue Aug 27th - Mon Sep 2nd T 27  W 28  T 29  F 30  S 31  S 1  M 2  This Weekend Range Date Range:  -  Event Type  Music (766)  Comedy (147)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (123)  Film (123)  Art - Museums (88)  Art - Galleries (69)  Theater (50) Show More   Music (766)  Comedy (147)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (123)  Film (123)  Art - Museums (88)  Art - Galleries (69)  Theater (50)  Art - Galleries (69)  Art - Museums (88)  Art - Openings and Events (44)  Arts (18)  Barhopping (1)  Children's Events (1)  Children's Theater (2)  Christmas (2)  Comedy (147)  Community Events (5)  Contests (1)  Cultural Events (2)  Dance (18)  Dia de los Muertos (1)  Family Events (1)  Farmers' Markets (1)  Festivals (1)  Film (123)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (123)  Food and Drink (21)  Halloween (2)  History (1)  Holiday (1)  Lectures (1)  LGBT Events (2)  Libations (1)  Literary Events (18)  Museum Exhibits and Events (21)  Music (766)  Performing Arts (2)  Theater (50)  Theater - Large (13)  Theater - Small (2)  Tours (1)  Valentine's Day (4) Neighborhood  Downtown Area (154)  Check/UnCheck All    Chinatown/ Elysian Park (19)   Downtown (107)   USC to South L.A. (16)   West Adams/ Crenshaw/ Baldwin Hills (2)   Westlake (10)  Eastside (25)  Check/UnCheck All    East L.A. (5)   Northeast L.A. (20)  Hollywood and Vicinity (277)  Check/UnCheck All    Echo Park (27)   Hollywood (164)   Los Feliz (39)   Silver Lake (47)  LAX to Long Beach (38)  Check/UnCheck All    Long Beach (5)   South Bay (26)   Westchester/ LAX (7)  Malibu to Venice (117)  Check/UnCheck All    Malibu (9)   Santa Monica (102)   Venice/ Marina del Rey (6)  Mid-Wilshire to WeHo (217)  Check/UnCheck All    Melrose/ Beverly/ Fairfax (42)   Mid-Wilshire/ Hancock Park (100)   West Hollywood (75)  Neighboring Counties (47)  Check/UnCheck All    Orange County (7)   Riverside County (9)   San Bernardino County (28)   Santa Barbara County (3)  Out of Town (329)  Check/UnCheck All    Out of Town (329)  San Fernando Valley (154)  Check/UnCheck All    Burbank (19)   Crescenta Valley (7)   Glendale (11)   San Fernando Valley (116)   Santa Clarita and Beyond (1)  San Gabriel Valley (74)  Check/UnCheck All    Foothill Cities (9)   Monterey Park/ Alhambra/ S. Gabriel (2)   Pasadena and vicinity (37)   Pomona and beyond (26)  Southeast County (4)  Check/UnCheck All    Southeastern Cities (4)  Westside (101)  Check/UnCheck All    Beverly Hills (9)   Culver City (37)   West L.A. (55)  Calendar of Events in Los Angeles Tuesday, August 27 Alt-J  Hollywood Palladium Alt-Jsgrasp on the2012 U.K. Mercury Prizestarted with a shared stint at Leeds University seven years ago. There, one English major and three art majors began their trajectory toward the ambitious and art-riddled An Awesome Wave and their perplexingly modern band name. (The lyrical references to the Greek letter delta become clear when you press Alt + J on a Mac.)... Read more about this event  L.A. Dance Showcase  Ann and Jerry Moss Theater, New Roads School Local hoofers take center stage at the L.A. Dance Showcase, with the added attraction of free catering from gourmet food trucks and free signature cocktails. Each dance company brings to the fore its own take on time, movement and urgency  tonights lineup includes the 1930s melodrama of Louise Reichlin/L.A. Choreographers & Dancers Tap-Dance Widows Club and... Read more about this event  The Humors  Perry Rubenstein Gallery Georg Herold's Mount Parnass is a towering, jagged, fuchsia figure made of wood, canvas and lacquer. One of its legs reaches up toward the skylight in Perry Rubenstein's current group show, while the other bends below its body in a contortionist pose. The show also includes Paul McCarthy's Drop Head/Bounce Head, a yellow, silicone Pinocchio head with its nose broken off, and Patrick Jackson's... Read more about this event  More Tuesday Events >> Wednesday, August 28 Lucius, Touche  The Echo Brooklyn quintet Lucius have elements of folk and Americana in their stripped-down presentation, but theres nothing overtly retro in their playful pop songs. Maybe its the delirious and divine harmonies of Jess Wolfe and Holly Laessig that set Lucius apart, their voices chasing each other merrily around the corners of the simple yet catchy song structures set up by guitarists... Read more about this event  Wayne Shorter  Hollywood Bowl Like The Rolling Stones, Wayne Shorter is getting into advanced age and still selling out concerts worldwide. Hes roughly 10 years older than Mick and crew, however, and playing jazz. The attention the saxophonist receives is justified, as Shorter is unequivocally our greatest living jazz composer. From Blakey to Miles to Weather Report, every band he was in defined the zeitgeist and... Read more about this event  Peanut Butter Wolf, Dam-Funk, The Stepkids, Myron & E  Jewel's Catch One Back in the 1960s, labels like Motown would pack all their heaviest hitters into a bus and send them out in search of fans, fame and further glory. This summer, L.A. label Stones Throw has put together an all-star revue of its own. Although Stones Throw built its empire on hip-hop legends like J Dilla and Madlib, the label has always been a home for artists with diverse record collections and... Read more about this event  Armory Show and Tell  Armory Center for the Arts An innovative exhibition that ups the ante on the big summer group show format, the Armory Show and Tell invites artists not to be in the show but to be the show themselves. Over the course of July and August, individual artists have been coming to the armory and welcoming the first 20 people through the door on any given day to witness and/or participate in one-hour performances and/or... Read more about this event  Richard Artschwager!  Hammer Museum Artist Richard Artschwager made his first "blp" circa 1967, when graffiti was just starting to appear in the United States. The charcoal-colored marks looked like lozenges standing upright, and they'd show up on outside walls, subway cars, shop windows or, once, the ceiling of the Whitney Museum. Iconic gallerist Leo Castelli once said the blps were the artist's "Kilroy," referring to the... Read more about this event  A Midsummer Night's Dream  Actors' Gang at the Ivy Substation Theater Developed through workshops under Tim Robbins' direction, this inspired production of Shakespeare's fantasia A Midsummer Night's Dream snaps and crackles with the comedic shenanigans of a dynamic ensemble. Visual spectacle, so often integral when this piece is produced, here takes a back seat; instead, the performers merrily cavort across a setless stage, relying on costumes, original music... Read more about this event  More Wednesday Events >> Thursday, August 29 Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue  Santa Monica Pier Supafunkrock is what Troy Trombone Shorty Andrews calls his particular thing, an apt description of the Nawlins kids bone-slanging (he sings and plays trumpet, too) takes on the tastier roots of jazz, R, funk, soul and rock & roll. Shortys modernizing all this historical stuff, though, in ways that make traditional jazzers scratch their heads... Read more about this event  Yacht, No, White Rainbow, James Supercave  The Troubadour As a wise man once said, I have excellent news for the world  there is no such thing as new wave. Well, except for new wave science fiction, where writers like Brunner and LeGuin and Dick dissolved the genre and reconstituted it from primordial soup. Thats the kind of new wave I think of when I think of Yacht. With Jona Bechtolt and Claire L. Evans as drivers,... Read more about this event  Cinecon 49 Classic Film Festival  Egyptian Theater Old Hollywood -- the real Hollywood once populated by Douglas Fairbanks, Mary Pickford, Ramon Navarro, Gloria Swanson, Don Ameche, Claire Trevor and innumerable others -- gets a major resurrection thanks to the annual CineCon Festival. Now in its 49th year, this celluloid cultural stampede features hundreds of hours of screenings of unusual and uniformly fascinating treasures. All lensed... Read more about this event  Bryony Roberts: Inverting Neutra  Neutra VDL Research House The house Richard Neutra built in the 1930s across the street from the Silver Lake Reservoir, which his son rebuilt in the late 1960s after a fire destroyed it, is almost all windows. Light shines in from all sides of most rooms, which makes the house's open-air walkways and balconies seem like natural extensions of the already very exposed house. Artist-architect Bryony Roberts has hung long... Read more about this event  Sunset Strip Market  Sunset Strip Farmers Market The Sunset Strip is getting all quaint! It seems that even the biggest party animals of the city aren't immune to the charms of artisanal brie and organic bok choy. A weekly summer event (through October), the Sunset Strip Market has the goal of encouraging local residents, employees, chefs, farmers and visitors to interact while accessing California-grown fruits and veggies as well as other... Read more about this event  I Am Not Mark Twain  Rogue Machine Theatre I doubt that anyone has ever thought that Steven Cragg was Mark Twain, but it provides him with a useful gimmick to galvanize his one-man show. He appears costumed and bewigged in a deliberately seedy simulacrum of the outfit worn by Hal Holbrook in his Mark Twain solo show. Cragg's disclaimer, he says, is to prevent lawsuits by Holbrook, the Mark Twain Society or anyone else who might want... Read more about this event  More Thursday Events >> Friday, August 30 Danzig  Gibson Amphitheatre at Universal CityWalk If there's anyone who has a right to strip-mine his own past, it's Glenn Danzig. Although there's a group of ex-sidemen and stand-ins currently touring under the name The Misfts, the early-'80s New Jersey punk band is most often associated with G.D., who not only was the lead singer but also wrote all of their songs. Joined tonight by Misfits guitarist Doyle, Danzig will reprise many of The... Read more about this event  Scout Niblett, PG Stix  Human Resources Emma Niblett seems to have legitimate beefs -- with the boring status quo, with mates she wants and can't have and, worst of all, with those pesky mental demons plaguing her vulnerable self. The evidence is in the lyrics for Niblett (who performs under the name Scout), and she is thus prone to explosion. There's palpable tension when she sings sometimes and howls more often,... Read more about this event  Popdefect, Insect Surfers, Velouria, DJ Kevin Fitzgerald  The Echo Silver Lake is still a musical neighborhood, but in many ways the party moved elsewhere more than 10 years ago when rising rents and gentrification transformed the formerly bohemian, ethnically diverse enclave into an upscale and homogenous inland version of Brentwood. The quintessential Silver Lake band of the good ol' days was Popdefect, who got their start in Seattle in the early '80s but... Read more about this event  Art Deco Festival  Queen Mary Pack your best vintage frock in your steamer trunk and prepare to sail into the glorious past aboard the Queen Mary. On Labor Day weekend, the Art Deco Society of Los Angeles hosts its ninth annual Art Deco Festival aboard the sumptuous ocean liner parked in Long Beach. Deco aficionados travel from all over the world to partake in activities including the Vintage Bazaar and Auto Display, a... Read more about this event  Katrina Umber: And  Charlie James Gallery Katrina Umber's current show at Charlie James Gallery is called "And" because every photograph is paired or superimposed on another. Those in her Included Middle series include that black strip that appears between frames on a strip of negatives; you see two sequential images on either side of it. There's a spot of afternoon light on a hardwood floor shown twice, the shadows slightly... Read more about this event  Don't Knock the Rock Festival  Cinefamily/Silent Movie Theatre Let's recap some of the reasons you're so happy you live in Los Angeles -- convenient tar pits, an endless supply of quality used vinyl and, of course, the Don't Knock the Rock film festival, which convenes every year to present lovingly hand-picked documentaries on every aspect of music. Co-founder Allison Anders has an expert eye and expert ear, too, and DKTR's roster of biopics, fandom,... Read more about this event  L.A. County Fair  Pomona Fairplex Ready to "unleash your inner fair"? That's the slogan for this year's L.A. County Fair, and though it's not immediately clear what an "inner fair" is, we suspect it involves some combination of silly music, Ferris wheels and funnel cakes. For kids, there are the usual hits: a carnival, a petting zoo, etc. For adults, there's a battle of the bands, more than 600 vendors and lots of beer and... Read more about this event  The Adventures of Tom Sawyer  Sierra Madre Playhouse This polished and entertaining adaptation of Mark Twain's coming-of-age classic The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a rare case of family entertainment done well. Skillfully directed by Aaron Lyons from a streamlined narrative by Laura Eason, the story tracks the transformation of title character Tom (Mike Rosenbaum) from mischievous kid to thoughtful youth, a metamorphosis that takes place after... Read more about this event  More Friday Events >> Saturday, August 31 Mike Watt, Betty Blowtorch, The Gears, Kat Arthur & Her Hellkats, Symbol Six, Saccharine Trust, Sylvia Juncosa, The Gypz, A Pretty Mess, Million Kids, Blank Expressions, Jenna Syde & the Watchers, Ames Flames  Poor Kids Mansion An enduring figure in the L.A. punk rock scene, Laura "Feline" Edwards lived up to her name with a fierce drive to keep raw and raunchy rock & roll alive via her promotion company, Laura Feline Productions. Edwards died a couple of weeks ago, and this tribute show promises an homage that is properly loud, celebratory and filled with the legendary music figures Edwards championed over the... Read more about this event  Paul van Dyk  The Avalon Back before EDM became the inescapable abbreviation we know and love (to hate, sometimes), German super-DJ Paul Van Dyk (real name: Matthias Paul) became one of the first artists to earn a Grammy nomination making it, thanks to his 2005 nomination in the then-new Best Dance/Electronica Album Grammy category. In the 15 years since the release of his aptly named debut LP, 45 RPM, 41-year-old... Read more about this event  Fiesta Hermosa  Hermosa Beach Pier Twice a year, Hermosa Beach gives adults and their kids a chance to escape work, routine and, if they play their cards right, even each other, for three days of art, live music and street food, all in the downtown blocks of this laid-back, party-loving suburb. During its 40 years of history, Fiesta Hermosa has expanded to showcase more than 300 California artists, two stages dedicated to live... Read more about this event  Mark Leckey: On Pleasure Bent  Hammer Museum U.K. artist Mark Leckey's YouTube channel is a joy to behold, and a serious threat to productivity at work. Call Leckey a video artist for simplicity's sake. But as demonstrated by "On Pleasure Bent" -- his installation of recent and never-shown work opening this week at the Hammer Museum -- there's a lot more to it. The finished products mostly take the form of short videos, but along the... Read more about this event  Destruction to Utopia  Patrick Painter, Inc Painter Christopher Wool in 1997 took a series of photographs of his New York studio, called Incident on 9th Street. There are shattered windows, torn papers, paintings scattered, cardboard boxes half open and leaning against walls. The floors and walls look grimy. Wool shot these images for his insurance company after a fire, though if you didn't know that, you might imagine that something... Read more about this event  John Williams  Hollywood Bowl The music of John Williams is ubiquitous, but who's complaining? Over a span of several decades, the sheer stylistic variety of his film scores has amazed and awed audiences. While many of us grew up with Williams' epic works for blockbusters including Raiders of the Lost Ark, Star Wars, E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and the Harry Potter films, this is the same man who created those kicky scores... Read more about this event  Captain Dan Dixon vs. The Moth Sluts From the Fifth Dimension  Zombie Joe's Underground Theatre A nicely acted, crisply directed and neatly written piece of 1950s sci-fi comedy, featuring nearly naked, green-painted, go-go-dancing space aliens -- what's not to love?! Playwright Matthew Sklar stars as Captain Dan Dixon in his creature-feature retro romp through space. Panels of switches, buttons and analog meters signify the interior of a spacecraft as he and his crew of seven rockets... Read more about this event  More Saturday Events >> Sunday, September 01 The Mormons, Alley Cats S.O.B., Mike Watt & the Missingmen, Lawndale, People Talk, Ingrates  Liquid Kitty With an irresistibly low-rent siren call -- free admission, six bands, cheap booze, free hot dogs! -- that would seem to beckon every graying punk rocker in L.A. County, Liquid Kitty's biannual Punk Rock BBQs are long-standing contenders in the compulsory-attendance category. This Labor Day edition positively bristles with offbeat appeal. Between Mike Watt & the Missingmen's chronically... Read more about this event  Richard Artschwager!  Hammer Museum Artist Richard Artschwager made his first "blp" circa 1967, when graffiti was just starting to appear in the United States. The charcoal-colored marks looked like lozenges standing upright, and they'd show up on outside walls, subway cars, shop windows or, once, the ceiling of the Whitney Museum. Iconic gallerist Leo Castelli once said the blps were the artist's "Kilroy," referring to the... Read more about this event  Merlin: The Untold Adventures  Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum Begat of a demon, gifted with second sight and shape-shifting powers, the druid Merlin provides much of the momentum of the Arthurian legend. In the process of retelling the fabled wizard's backstory, playwright-director Ellen Geer has concocted a high fantasy with a strong antiwar flavor. The work's emphasis on meshing threads of pagan philosophy and Christian references -- with a side trip... Read more about this event  Jazz Under the Stars  West Adams Christian Church This year's Central Avenue Jazz Festival has passed, but luckily Labor Day weekend offers another chance to celebrate our city's rich musical history in the streets where our trumpets first sounded. If it's been a while since you familiarized yourself with one of the most beautiful and historic neighborhoods in the city, get thee to West Adams for the Jazz Under the Stars festival. The yearly... Read more about this event  More Sunday Events >> Monday, September 02 Muscle Beach Championship  Venice Beach Recreation Center What better way to spend Labor Day than with Hercules? See Lou Ferrigno inducted into the Muscle Beach Hall of Fame! Witness feats of lifelong strength including, but not limited to, conquering the challenges of childhood deafness! Brooklyn native Ferrigno transformed himself into one of the finest bodybuilders ever to grace the competitive stage, and as a performer, his Hercules (and Hulk)... Read more about this event  The Decoders, Mystery Skulls, Harriet, Moses Sumney, Francisco the Man, Froth, The Cerny Brothers, Grizfolk, Robert Raimon Roy, Kera & the Lesbians, Bad Suns, Moonchild, Trevor Menear, Douglas & the Furs, Wax Children, Sanglorians  Bootleg Theater The fact that this Summer Sendoff event is all sorts of awesome makes the fact that it's being held in conjunction with the end of the season a bit less bittersweet. Or maybe more bittersweet. In any case, this Labor Day party features more than 20 artists and bands, three stages, food trucks and a beer garden to keep your mind off the last fleeting weeks of summer. Multigenre offerings range... Read more about this event  Hans Richter: Encounters  Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) "Four bowler hats. some coffee cups and neckties have enough (are fed-up) and revolt from 11:50-12 a.m.," wrote prolific German artist Hans Richter, who fought in World War I, became a pacifist and fled Europe after Nazis labeled him a "degenerate artist" in 1941. "The chase of the rebellious [objects] threads the story." He was describing his 1928 film, Ghosts Before Breakfast, a stop-motion... Read more about this event  More Monday Events >> About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Things To Do App Advertising Contact Us National Classified Infographics Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? 2013 LA Weekly, LP, All rights reserved.  Loading...  