 Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) news.com.au Fox Sports CareerOne Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News Breaking news National News World News Weird Weather Multimedia Federal Election Blogs Meet the Press Opinion Photos Business Breaking News Markets Dollar Your Business Worklife Companies Executive Lounge Archive Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Horse Racing Basketball Netball Football Motor Sport Tennis Boxing/MMA Golf Entertainment Lifestyle Health  Fitness Food Relationships Fashion  Beauty Parenting Home  Garden Real Life Horoscopes Travel Travel News Australia World Travel Advisor Holiday Ideas Holiday Deals Photos Realestate Realestate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Money Banking Cost of Living Money Matters Superannuation Investing David  Libby Koch Guides  Tools Blogs Budget Tech News Sci-Tech Tablets Smartphones Gaming TechKnow BizTech Photos Product Finder Archive Video News Entertainment Travel Business and Money Technology  Celebrity Movies TV Music Books Restaurants  Bars Horoscopes  Last updated: August 28, 2013 Weather: Sydney 11 C -22 C . Sunny. Celebrity Jenner worried Lamar might hurt 'brand' THE Kardashian's momager Kris Jenner is apparently more concerned with the damage to her family's brand then her daughter's crumbling marriage.  Paris Jackson 'doing much better' KATHERINE Jackson has opened up about the health of her granddaughter, stating that shes doing much better following her June suicide attempt. Osbourne to Cyrus: 'Watch your tongue' THE hits just keep coming for Miley Cyrus. Now her so-called friends are putting their two bobs' worth in over her controversial VMA performance. Caine slams Connery Alzheimer's claims MICHAEL Caine has slammed a German newspaper report alleging he revealed his pal Sean Connery is suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Lamar will 'come clean about drug use' KHLOE Kardashians husband will reportedly come clean about his alleged drug use very soon. Prince joins Twitter, reveals humourous side ON Tuesday, August 13, at about 5:47 p.m., Prince Rogers Nelson did the seemingly unthinkable: The notoriously private music icon, who once declared The Internets completely over, joined Twitter. Go to: More celebrity news Watch this  Horoscopes Virgo Aug 24 - Sep 23 virgo All that any of us can ever do is our best. What if that isn't good enough? Then what we may have to accept is that what we are trying to achieve is not right. The universe do... Read more Powered by Jonathan Cainer Read All Horoscopes  Chris Brown I think I can beat Usher on the dance floor. Read More Victoria Beckham I love gay men. I always say it. Inside me there is a gay man who wants to come out! Read More Lindsay Lohan I'm my own person, and people can say whatever they want. I'm still going to be the person that I am. Read More Britney Spears I get to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada. Read More Paris Hilton My advice to Sarah Palin is, you've got a hot bod; don't keep it to yourself. Read More Shane Warne All my coaches tell me that I have been under achieving. Read More Elizabeth Hurley I'd kill myself if I was as fat as Marilyn Monroe. Read More Orlando Bloom Elves are cool, man. Read More Charlie Sheen I don't understand what I did wrong except live a life that everyone is jealous of. Read More Heidi Klum So everyone has that problem, models have that problem, too. Read More Like us on Facebook news.com.au Follow us on Twitter @newscomauHQ  Most Read Oh. Miley. God. Can't stop cringing Oh Miley! The truth behind this picture Swift tells One Direction to 'shut the f--- up' Caine slams Connery Alzheimer's claims Mum's fame led me into drugs, says Olivia's girl Prince joins Twitter, reveals humourous side Australian actress in Hunger Games Ricky Martin: I bullied gay people Cyrus act 'promoted date rape' Caine: 'Connery has lost his senses' More in Celebrity  ABC journalist Bill Peach dies BILL Peach, best known as the presenter of the seminal ABC current affairs show This Day Tonight, has died at the age of 78.  Ricky Martin: I bullied gay people VOICE Australia coach who came out in 2010 says he had "internalised homophobia" and regrets how badly he treated gay people in the past. Mum's fame led me into drugs, says Olivia's girl THE daughter of Olivia Newton-John has blamed the Grease star's fame for her four-year battle with alcohol and drugs. Bellucci, Cassel split after 14 years GLAMOUROUS Hollywood star Monica Bellucci has announced she will split from her husband, the French film star Vincent Cassel. Caine: 'Connery has lost his senses' Screen legend Michael Caine says his best friend Sean Connery is 'no longer in control of his senses' and fears he is losing his memory. Lamar divorce threat, TLC make return CATCH-UP CONFIDENTIAL: As Lamar Odom threatens Khloe Kardashian with divorce, 90s stars TLC make a comeback at the MTV video music awards. Go to: More celebrity stories Melissa Hoyer On Celebrity VIP: Justin Hemmes to expand his empire THE countrys coolest restaurateur and bar-keeper, Justin Hemmes is set to expand his huuuuge empire. Celebrity Videos Go to: More celebrity videos Celebrity Galleries Celeb Confidential: MTV behind-the-scenes Behind-the-scenes via social media at MTV's Video Music Awards, featuring some gal named Miley Cyrus.  MTV Awards 2013 highlights Key moments from the MTV Video Music Awards in Brooklyn, including Miley in a bikini smacking a koala. Celeb Confidential: MTV Awards Exciting Sydney-born rapper Iggy Azalea is among the nominees for this year's MTV Video Music Awards. Celebrity Confidential (Kisses) Puckering up and blowing a kiss for the camera is replacing the peace sign as the expression du jour for every self-respecting celebrity sel... Celebrity Confidential (Kids Special) Celebrities love their kids and aren't afraid to tell the world (or employ their little darlings as fashion accessories). One Direction mobbed Getting mobbed is an every day occurance for One Direction, but the crazy scenes at the premiere of their new movie in London have raised th... Go to: More celebrity galleries More In Celebrity Life  Will fatherhood change playboy Simon Cowell? WHEN youre worth a reported $300 million, a hiccup like fathering a baby with your friends wife wont keep you from female companionship. Gaga's Twitter feud with Perez Hilton LADY Gaga has sparked a Twitter feud with gossip blogger Perez Hilton over a nasty text message he allegedly sent her after she sustained a hip injury. More In Celebrity Style  Outrage over Cheryl Cole's shocking bum tattoo SINGER has shocked her fans by having her entire buttocks inked with a red flowery design - and her tattoo artist has shown it off for all the world to see. Asher Keddie's real life love ASHER Keddie and her real life 'Patrick' stood out as the star guests at an exclusive showing of Collette Dinnigan's resort wear on Hamilton Island this week.  COLUMNISTS  CELEBRITY Asher Keddie's real life love ASHER Keddie and her real life 'Patrick' stood out as the star guests at an exclusive showing of Collette Dinnigan's resort wear on Hamilton Island this week. Melissa Hoyer MOVIES Puzzling plot will mystify mortals It's a little bit Twilight. It's a little bit Harry Potter. Heck, it's even a little bit Percy Jackson. It's also a whole lotta hooey. Leigh Paatsch TELEVISION HomeTime: meet Nina's Offspring PREPARE for a heartwrenching episode of Offspring with our tasty Mongolian lamb salad. Or have a laugh with Slideshow. The choice is yours. Di Butler MUSIC Boss may rock the nation in 2014 BRUCE Springsteen could tour here in early 2014, with rumours suggesting a reformed Hunters and Collectors may open for the Boss. Cameron Adams  News Business Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Realestate Money Tech Video RESOURCES Sitemap Photo sales Buy an article ADVERTISING Specifications advertise with us Company information POLICIES Privacy Terms of use INFORMATION Contact us Careers News.com.au  