 Cart  Checkout Help Order Status Shop Home Currency:  Comment  with  Facebook Connect Google  Friend Twitter  / Tweet @Philosophy_Shop Share | Products Large  Posters Small  Posters Mini  Poster Prints Framed  Poster Panel Prints 2010  Wall Calendars Journals  / Diaries Postcards Greeting  Cards Mousepads Bumper  Stickers Coffee  Cups, Mugs  Beer Steins Wall  / Time Clocks Buttons  / Badges Fridge  Magnets Jewelry  Box  Coasters Unique  Custom Printed Tees Men's  Women's White T-Shirts Men's  Women's Black T-Shirts Longsleeve  T Shirts Hooded Sweatshirts Women's  Long Sleeve Clothing Tight  Sexy Ladies Clothes Men's   Women's Boxer Shorts Women's  Intimate Lingerie, Erotic Thongs Cotton  Canvas Printed Tote Bag  Messenger Bags Children  / Infant / Kids Clothes Printed  Kitchen Chef BBQ Cooking Aprons Baseball  Caps  Trucker Hats Dog  Clothes Subjects Ancient Greek Philosophy Chinese Indian Metaphysics Western Philosophy 20th Century Philosophers Physics  Science Quotes Scientists  Inventors Famous Mathematicians God Religion Morality Famous Leader Politics Education Educational Evolution Life Nature Motivational Inspirational Metaphysical Poets Literature Books Authors Musicians Composers Women Feminism Art Renaissance Fine Art Satire Humor Funny Jokes  Philosophy Shop Philosophy Website  Newsletter  The Philosophy Gift Shop 'The Gift of Truth Excels all Other Gifts' (Buddha) Hello and welcome to the Philosophy Shop. We have a beautiful gallery of famous portraits and fine art prints with profound quotes from many of the greatest minds of human history - making it simple and easy to find artful intelligent gifts for friends and family (and yourself of course!). We have purchased a variety of things (posters, journals, calendars, caps, t-shirts, buttons, coffee mugs, etc.) and can confirm their high quality. But most importantly, the daily experience of seeing these portraits and words of wisdom is a cheerful reminder of the more noble and beautiful aspects of our human nature  creativity. So stand out from the crowd (and get some interesting comments!) with our cool collection of clothing, prints and apparel! Hope you enjoy browsing around. Cheers, Karene Jade Howie  Famous Art Science Quotes Poster T-Shirt Gift Shop  Literature: Famous Books & Authors Famous Writers of Literature We hope you enjoy our collection of portraits and quotes from some our favorite Authors (Emily  Charlotte Bronte, George Orwell, Edgar Allen Poe, William Shakespeare, Mary Shelley, Percy Bysshe Shelley, Voltaire, Oscar Wilde, Aldous Huxley). The book 'Philosophical Sketches' is also available. It includes 30 full page pictures, beautiful quotes and biographies of famous Philosophers. We hope you find inspiration in their words of wisdom. Enjoy! For we soon reap the fruits of literature in life, and prolonged indulgence in any form of literature in life leaves its mark on the moral nature of man, affecting not only the mind but physical poise and intonation. (Plato) George Orwell 1984 Big Brother "Big Brother is watching you." George Orwell: Allegory / Animal Farm "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." George Orwell Social Comment: Revolution & Truth "In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act." Novelist George Orwell: Politics / Language "Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind." Political Satire: George Orwell's Animal Farm "Four legs good, two legs bad." Orwell: Totalitarian Mechanism of Thought Control "But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought." Aldous Huxley: Genius Child Enthusiasm "The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which mean never losing your enthusiasm." History of Mankind: Aldous Huxley "That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history." Humanist Writer Aldous Huxley on War & Murder "What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood." Famous Poet Playwright Oscar Wilde: Genius "I have nothing to declare except my genius." Female Novelists: Emily Bronte Wuthering Heights "I wish I were out of doors - I wish I were a girl again, half savage and hardy, and free ... and laughing at injuries, not maddening under them!" (Emily Bronte, 1818 - 1848) Mystic Thinking: Edgar Allan Poe on Dreams "All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." Gothic Fiction: Edgar Allan Poe The Raven "And the silken, sad, uncertain rustling of each purple curtain Thrilled me - filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before." (The Raven) Mary Shelley: Frankenstein "... the moon gazed on my midnight labours, while, with unrelaxed and breathless eagerness, I pursued nature to her hiding-places." English Novelist Mary Shelley on Feminism "I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves." Frankenstein: Mary Shelley's Modern Prometheus "It was already one in the morning; the rain pattered dismally against the panes, and my candle was nearly burnt out, when, ... I saw the dull yellow eye of the creature open." British Romantic Writer Percy Shelley on War "Man has no right to kill his brother. It is no excuse that he does so in uniform: he only adds the infamy of servitude to the crime of murder." Enlightenment Philosopher: Voltaire Moderation âUse, do not abuse; neither abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.â? French Philosopher Author Voltaire: Love Truth âLove truth, but pardon error.â? Shakespeare's Tragedy Hamlet: Horatio, Philosophy "There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." (Hamlet) To Be or Not To Be: Shakespeare's Hamlet "To be, or not to be: that is the question: ...to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them? ..." Famous Tragedy: Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet "But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun. Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, ..." (Romeo and Juliet) William Shakespeare Tragedy and Comedy: Henry VI "The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers." (Henry VI, Part II, Act IV, Scene II) William Shakespeare: All the Worlds a Stage "All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances, And one man in his time plays many parts, His acts being seven ages." William Shakespeare Quote: What's in a Name? "What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet." (William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet, 1564 - 1616) Saint Thomas More: Utopia, God Servant "I die the king's good servant, but God's first". (Last words of Thomas More. His head was displayed on London Bridge for a month, then retrieved by his daughter.) Philosophy Online Book Shop Purchase 'Philosophical Sketches' from our online bookstore. Books have the engaging ability to bring people to life, to show us inside their minds. 30 full page Philosopher's portraits, biography ...  Facebook Connect Google Friend Connect  Twitter @Philosophy_Shop Philosophy Shop Tweets About Cafepress: Website Details / Customer Service  Help ABOUT CAFEPRESS: Cafepress are a print on demand online shop. As of November 2009 there are over 6 million members (shopkeepers who create their own shops  products) and 40 million products! The website is in the top 1000 websites on the internet and gets around one million visitors each day. Because products are print on demand they are more expensive than mass produced goods, however, you have the advantage of purchasing unique custom made products that are not found anywhere else (this is particularly true for our philosophy shop). Cafepress ships products world wide (we live in Australia and have bought numerous items without any problems) and they have a thirty day full refund so it is a safe place to purchase some pretty cool gifts / presents (for yourself or others!). Order by Phone 1-877-809-1659 (30 Day Refund - Satisfaction Guaranteed) CUSTOMER SERVICE: For help with: Cafepress Sales - Where's My Stuff - Track your Recent Orders - View or Change your Order - Shipping and Returns - Shipping Rates - Make a Return or Exchange - Questions and Order by Phone 1-877-809-1659 - Satisfaction Guaranteed. Philosophy Shop: Famous Portraits and Quotes on Posters, Tshirts, Clothing, Apparel. is UpFront ABOUT  YOUR SHOP KEEPER : KARENE  HOWIE  My partner (philosopher Geoff Haselhurst) and I are building a large  philosophy website which is the source (and inspiration) for most of  the Philosophy images and quotes in this shop.  Below are some of our favourite philosophers / quotes and links to relevant  pages of our website. Philosophy (which is ultimately about Wisdom from  Truth and Reality) is important to our world (all proceeds from this  shop are used to promote our work on Philosophy).  Thus we also hope that you find our philosophy website interesting!  Cheers, Karene. (August, 2010) The Most Simple Science Theory of Physical Reality. Philosophy Physics Metaphysics of Space  the Wave Structure of Matter (WSM). Simple  Science Metaphysics  Reality Einstein's  Relativity Quantum  Physics Cosmology  Universe Philosophy  Truth Evolution  Utopia Theology  Morality Philosophy  Sexuality Human  Health  Nutrition Diet Copyright 2005 - 2010: All Rights Reserved The Philosophy Shop averages around 2,500  visitors each day (6,000 page views).  We are one of the Top Shops at Cafepress (out of about 6 million shops). This shop is powered by CafePress Inc. Copyright Â© 1999- CafePress.com. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Trademark  Copyright Information Non-US currency rates are updated daily and may fluctuate. SiteCatalyst code variables version: H.2.Copyright 1997-2005 Omniture, Inc. 