 Advanced Search Login | Register Home | About Us | Contact Us | Press Releases | Careers United States | Change your region  Automotive ASE Test Preparation Manuals Basic Technician Training Chilton Products Collision Technology Consumer Titles Engine Technology Gap Analysis Tools Haynes Manuals Medium / Heavy Duty Truck Service Management Undercar Systems Underhood Systems Beauty and Wellness Building Trades / Construction Electrical Trades HVAC-R Marine Manuals Trucking Welding Delmar Cengage Learning : Automotive Automotive Review one of the largest lists of new and revised texts, supplements and software from the leading publisher in automotive technology, Delmar Cengage Learning. Whether you are a backyard mechanic looking for service manuals, a professional mechanic preparing for certification oran instructor looking to enhance your curriculum, you won't find a better set of solutions. To get started, explore our Automotive Training Specializations below or to the left to find textbooks, service manuals, software and online companions or contact us with any questions or comments. Automotive Specializations ASE Test Preparation Products Whether you require ASE Test Preparation material in print or online, Delmar, a part of Cengage Learning has the solution you need to prepare for the ASE Exams. We offer ASE study materials covering a wide variety of exams: A1-A8, L1, P2, X1, C1, T1-T8, E1-E3, H1-H8, B2-B6, M1-M3, S2, S4, and S5 as well as the Spanish A1-A8, L1, P2, X1, and B2-B6 exams. Basic Technician Training Features the TechOne series – a state of the art set of automotive titles that combine classroom theory, diagnosis and repair into single, easy to use volumes as well as NATEF (National Automotive Technicians Education Foundation) Standards Job Sheets. Chilton Products For more than 80 years, Chilton® products have set the standard for reference sources for Do-It-Yourself automotive enthusiasts and professionals. Cengage Learning is proud to be the publisher of Chilton content and products while increasingly utilizing technology to better serve today's technicians, DIYers, students, and businesses. Underhood Systems The Today’s Technician series – an integrated system of classroom and shop manuals, which work in tandem to cover all mechanical and electrical systems of automobiles and light trucks, are featured in the underhood systems section. See Also… Our Automotive Web Site Our Corporate Automotive Web Site - Training Bay Our Chiltons Online Web Site SkillsUSA (formerly VICA) General Motors Automobile Safety Foundation International Automotive Technicians' Network Visit us at These Conventions You have 0 items in your cart. Checkout Stay Up-To-Date Sign up for new product info and special offers in your subject area Privacy Statement Contact Us Contact Delmar Cengage Learning at 1-800-648-7450 Find Your Sales Representative Technology Learning Solutions Find and  comprehensive and custom technology learning solutions with online learning courseware. View our Resources and Solutions for:Authors, Subject matter experts, ReviewersBooksellers  Bookstores Business  IndustryCareer CollegesJob Corps/Workforce Dev.Instructors  TeachersLibrariesNon-ProfitPartnersProfessionalsStudents Organizations Please see one of our service sites for purchasing and support options. AnswersPlus Pro Business, Retail, Government, Libraries and Not for Profit Organization Accounts AnswersPlus U.S. Private Sector Colleges and Universities ServicePlus Community College, 4-year College, or University Bookstores SchoolsPlus K-12 School Purchasing Agents Cengage Learning - English Language Teaching | Higher Education | K-12/AP*/Honors | Library & Reference | Professional Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Copyright Notices AP* is a registered trademark of the College Board, which was not involved in the production of and does not endorse this web site. Contact Us | Careers  SiteCatalyst code version: G.4.Copyright 1997-2003 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com 