 Blogs Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies News Home The Snitch Blog Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Calendar Home Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Tickets Music Home All Shook Down Blog Concert Calendar Bars and Clubs Bouncer Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile Music Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Restaurants Home SFoodie Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Arts Home The Exhibitionist Blog Theater Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Film Home Showtimes Film Festivals Film Newsletter Get Mobile Free Stuff Best Of Home 2012 2011 2010 2009 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads Promotions Home Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter Alternative Healing MMJ Home MMJ News Dispensary Guide MMJ Newsletter  Top blog Stories Read Local: "Beach Reads" for a San Francisco Fall By Alexis Coe Shark Week: Great White Spotted in the Bay By Jennifer Baires Read Local: How Not to Be a Dick By Alexis Coe The App that Puts You in the Book By Susie Neilson Read Local: The Booksmith's Buyer Tells All By Alexis Coe San Francisco Named Snobbiest City in the U.S. By Susie Neilson Meet Courtney Trouble, the Queen of "Queer Porn" By Kate Conger Dita Von Teese Tells All, Takes No Prisoners:... By Katie Tandy The Comedy Carnival You Never Knew You Wanted... By Emilie Mutert The Director and Stars of "This Is the End"... By Jonathan Kiefer  Art The Write Stuff: Der Williams on Connecting in a Real and/or Spiritually Satisfying Way By Evan Karp Thu., Aug. 22 2013 at 10:30 AM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Write Stuff  The Write Stuff is a series of interview profiles conducted by Litseen, where authors give exclusive readings from their work. Nell Frabotta Der Williams is a friend to all living creatures. He works as a private investigator. He's published some poetry and criticism in a bunch of random magazines. He's almost 26 which seems nuts to him. He likes avocados and sunshine. Here's his site . When people ask what do you do, you tell them... ? Sleuth. What's your biggest struggle -- work or otherwise? Connecting with people in a way that feels real and/or spiritually(?) satisfying. More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Books and Literature Here's What Happens When the Hot Vampire Steps Off the Screen and Writes Her Own Damned Book By SF Weekly Thu., Aug. 22 2013 at 8:00 AM Categories: Books and Literature  by David-Elijah Nahmod Lara Parker was vamping before Kristen Stewart ever scowled at a camera It's sort of a meta-memoir: Actress and author Lara Parker, best known for her portrayal of the semi-evil, lovesick witch Angelique on the classic horror-soap Dark Shadows , has released her newest novel, which is based on the series itself. Dark Shadows: Wolf Moon Rising is in fact the third novel in which Parker reveals new, previously untold tales in the life of her bewitchingly beautiful character. Dark Shadows premiered on ABC on June 27, 1966. From the beginning, it was notably different from competing daytime dramas. A Gothic romance loosely patterned after Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre , the series offered hints of the supernatural, but never delivered upon that promise. The ratings were low, and the show was nearly cancelled six months into its run. But everything changed in April of 1967. More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Art The Write Stuff: Jim Nelson on Being Bold and Risking Real Failure By Evan Karp Thu., Aug. 15 2013 at 6:00 AM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Write Stuff  The Write Stuff is a series of interview profiles conducted by Litseen, where authors give exclusive readings from their work. David William Hill Jim Nelson lives in San Francisco. He is a member of the Flat Earth Collective and the author of Everywhere Man (Invisible City Audio Tours), an interactive audio mystery set aboard the Powell Street cable car line. Who did you admire when you were 10 years old? What did you want to be? My mother worked for a children's publishing house when I was a child, which meant I was fortunate to have a steady stream of fresh books brought home every week. I devoured many children's books I'm fond of but can no longer remember their titles. I'd greedily re-read them today if I could. I think what's most interesting is the subversive streak in so many children's books from the '60s and '70s, such as Daniel Pinkwater's. Every so often an editor or even an author would visit the office where my mother worked. Some of the editors were on good terms with her and would come to our home for dinner. These people were from New York and Chicago, and were so cosmopolitan compared to the suburbanites I was surrounded by. I had a vague idea of becoming a writer or an English teacher when I was 10. I knew that I wanted to be a part of their world, somehow. It's funny to realize today that these rather sophisticated urbanites were proofreading work like Clifford the Big Red Dog and algebra textbooks. At the time I thought they were Gordon Lishes, all of them. More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Books and Literature A Giraffe in the Jungle: One Woman's Quest to Right the Scientific Wrongs in Picture Books By Susie Neilson Mon., Aug. 12 2013 at 4:04 PM Categories: Books and Literature , Literary Events , Science  Art by Katy Castronovo When Kristine Duehl announced she was having a son, the biology Ph.D. candidate was showered with special-interest picture books. But then Duehl cracked the books, and an alarming trend popped out. "I started noticing all of the scientific errors in the books," the 33-year-old recalled. "We're talking order-level differences." Like a true scientist, Duehl did some digging and formed a hypothesis: that for many kids, the errors contained in picture books cause gaps in scientific understanding that stick into adulthood. She enlisted fellow mom and illustrator Katy Castronovo, and the pair created the Budding Biologist series, a set of children's books that seek to right the wrongs. Where do I live? , the second work of Duehl's , came out mid-June, and attempts to explain the concept of biomes in a manner both fun and scrupulously correct. More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Art The Write Stuff: Matthew Sherling on Using the Container of Time to Advantage By Evan Karp Thu., Aug. 8 2013 at 6:00 AM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Write Stuff  The Write Stuff is a series of interview profiles conducted by Litseen, where authors give exclusive readings from their work. Ian Tuttle Matthew Sherling just moved from San Francisco to a small town in Georgia, where he will surely continue to foster his internet addiction and wander around the woods. He runs the interview blog Cutty Spot and the e-magazine Gesture . He hasn't slept since 2004. When people ask what do you do, you tell them... ? I tell them I am trying to never let my fire go out. What's your biggest struggle -- work or otherwise? It seems difficult for my brain to shut down. I often have sleep issues because my brain's more awake/alert/fertile at night. It's hard for me to quiet that down. This is a struggle for me, I guess you could say, but I am attached to it because it spurs me to make/write things. I am also a bit addicted to the internet. I have several struggles. More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Art Peter Orner on Being Proud and Finding the Weird By Evan Karp Tue., Aug. 6 2013 at 5:00 PM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Literary Events  When San Francisco-based author Peter Orner released his second novel, Love and Shame and Love , two years ago, the press marveled at how he is "overlooked by the general reading public. If he lived in Brooklyn," said ZYZZYVA managing editor Oscar Villalon, "he'd be the type of guy who'd be feted by The Paris Review , The New Yorker . His work is that good." Mostly, it seems natural that a writer of Orner's caliber would not be embraced by the average reader; while enjoyable, his work is serious business. His sentences don't have fat on them and his stories don't so much invite participation as demand investment. But Love and Shame and Love became a New York Times Editor's Choice Book and won the California Book Award. Orner's first novel, The Second Coming of Mavala Shikongo , won the Bard Fiction Prize and was a Finalist for the Los Angeles Times Book Prize. But most of all, his debut story collection, Esther Stories , is considered a classic; about that volume, the NYT said "Orner doesn't just bring his characters to life, he gives them souls." That may seem hyperbolic, but it does give you an idea of the stakes at hand. Orner is not playing games, and as he is set to release his second volume of stories, Last Car Over the Sagamore Bridge , this Tuesday, the author was nice enough to answer some questions by email. More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Art The Write Stuff: Nate Waggoner on Being Tickled for Reasons He Can't Explain By Evan Karp Thu., Aug. 1 2013 at 6:30 AM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Write Stuff  The Write Stuff is a series of interview profiles conducted by Litseen, where authors give exclusive readings from their work. Lizzy Acker Nate Waggoner is a contributor to KQEDPop and the author of a comic book called "A Lifetime of Free Haircuts." He and his ex-girlfriend host a romance advice podcast called "Invitation to Love," which is available on iTunes . His work has appeared on the SF Weekly blog, thefanzine.com, and in Sparkle & Blink. He is an MFA candidate in Fiction at San Francisco State University. When people ask what do you do, you tell them... ? More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Art Author Andrew Sean Greer on Time-Travel, Madonna, and His Novel "The Impossible Lives of Greta Wells" By Evan Karp Tue., Jul. 30 2013 at 6:38 PM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Literary Events  A new book by Andrew Sean Greer is a major event, and The Impossible Lives of Greta Wells is as innovative as the rest of the local author's impressive oeuvre. I had the pleasure to sit down with Greer before his reading at The Booksmith last week and we talked about everything from what makes a self and the roles of literature to a phone call that might result in a film. Greer finished his Booksmith reading with a short uke set, closing with Madonna's Material Girl Greer's first novel, The Paths of Minor Planets , is a gorgeously rendered tale whose plot is connected to the orbit of a comet. His second novel, The Confessions of Max Tivoli , follows a man who is born with a child's mind in an old man's body and ages in reverse. Of that book, which won a California Book Award and is considered "a moment in literature," John Updike said: "This narrative feat had been attempted before, by Scott Fitzgerald and Gabriel Brownstein, but never at such length or with such loving ingenuity." (In fact, his review in The New Yorker is worth a read.) Greer's third novel, The Story of A Marriage , takes a close look at "how we can ever truly know another person" through a lens of love and war in 1950s San Francisco. The book, not without criticism , solidified Greer's standing as a major contemporary author doing important work ( inspired and lyrical are often words used to describe his writing). More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Art The Write Stuff: Tom Pitts on Trajectory and Saying What You Have to Say By Evan Karp Mon., Jul. 22 2013 at 11:10 AM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Write Stuff  The Write Stuff is a series of interview profiles conducted by Litseen, where authors give exclusive readings from their work. Cheryl Fagalnifin Tom Pitts grew up in Canada before relocating to San Francisco in 1984. After the disintegration of his band, Short Dogs Grow , Tom got his education in street life first-hand while enduring a long and near-fatal bout with heroin. He and his wife now split their time between San Francisco and Sacramento; working, writing, and raising three children. Tom is the author of Piggyback (Snubnose Press) and co-editor of The Flash Fiction Offensive at Out of the Gutter Magazine. When people ask what do you do, you tell them... ? The truth. I'm a taxi dispatcher. I could get lofty and tell them I'm a hardworking father, but the struggles of being a father are nothing new. There are many who've had it tougher than me and there'll be many after. Oh, you mean being a writer? There's something about my Canadian self-depreciation that keeps me from putting that on the table right away. But, if pressed, I'll cop to it. What's your biggest struggle -- work or otherwise? Time. Without a doubt. Work is a struggle. Carving out part of my day for writing. Balancing family life with the literary game. All these things are subject to the cruel unrelenting press of time. More hours in the day would solve the whole lot of these struggles. More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article Art The Write Stuff: Melissa Stein on the Literary Mood Swing By Evan Karp Thu., Jul. 11 2013 at 8:10 AM Categories: Art , Blogs , Books and Literature , Interview , Lit , Write Stuff  The Write Stuff is a series of interview profiles conducted by Litseen, where authors give exclusive readings from their work. Trish Tunney Melissa Stein is the author of the poetry collection Rough Honey , winner of the APR/Honickman First Book Prize. A freelance editor and writer in San Francisco, she is a longtime member of the editorial association Editcetera and the poetry group Thirteen Ways . She has received fellowships from Yaddo, the MacDowell Colony and the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference, among others. She writes only at midnight using squid ink. When people ask what do you do, you tell them ... ? More Email to Friend Write to Editor Print Article  << Previous Stories  Now Trending  The Man Who had Sex with a Dolphin Writes a Book About His Childhood   Cute Cockatoo Dances to Music in the Castro   Travel Photos: The Weird Beauty of Skateboarders in Stasis  Breaking Bad Season 5, Episode 11: Immune to Good Advice   Untitled: ROA's Seals at 61 Bartlett   T-Shirts Made to Fit From Pickwick & Weller   Link Round Up: Cool Things we Found on the Internet This Week   Artist's Statement: Peggy Gyulai on Painting to Music - in Front of an Audience   From the Vault  Slide shows  Fremont's Niles District: Time Travel to the Wild West The Pilgrimage: Amador County The Pilgrimage: John Cerney's Plywood People More Slideshows   About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Advertising Contact Us National Classified Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? 2013 SF Weekly, LP, All rights reserved.  Loading...  