   Quick Search: Advanced Search | Suggest Your Site Downeast Humor Directory Home  >> Arts & Entertainment >> Downeast Humor  Standard Listings: A Semi-Wicked Good Maine Page - A semi-serious resource about the State of Maine for those in exile and the curious. Application to Live in Maine - Fill in the form and submit, some restrictions may apply. ComediansUsa.com: Tim Sample - Brief biography, photograph, and contact information for humorist, Tim Sample. Gary Crocker - Features native Maine humorist and storyteller, Gary Crocker. Provides history, classic Maine stories, unregistered Maine guide tale, pictures of ridin with the Guvna, and contact information. Jackson Gillman The Stand Up Chameleon - Entertainer Jackson Gillman incorporates comedy, drama, music, dance, mime and sign language into his own, intimate style of theatre. Kendall Morse - Humorous Maine stories in print available for purchase. Maine Guide Book - David L. Jenson's whimsical view of Maine festivals, town names, summertime manners, and some things that those other guide books won't tell you. Maine Humor - Features an out-a-staters view of 'Maniacs' and other Maine information. Maine Humor Online - The internet home for Maine humor. Features humorists Robert, the 'Humble Farmer' Skoglund, Joe 'Student of the Privy' Perham , Gary Crocker, Mark Easton, 'Hugh Maine, Moose Ranger' and Kendall Morse. Insightful or inciteful zingers to the Maine Graffiti Wall are encouraged. Maine Jokes - Jokes and humor about Maine people, laws, cities, and the weather. Maine Tree Squeaks - Discover the facts about the little shy creatures that inhabit the tops of trees in Penobscot County. Randy Judkins - A master clown and juggler who appears in events throughout the state. Robert Skoglund the Humble Farmer - Local television celebrity and midcoast Maine humorist (for hire). The Best of Downeast Maine Humor - Maine humorists on CD, cassette and video include the late Frank Hatch, Marshall Dodge and Robert Bryan (Bert and I), and Tim Sample. The Wicked Good Guide to Mainah English - Guide for translating Maine vocabulary. Features Maine 'computah' technology and jokes. Tim Sample, Maine Humorist - 'All the real Mainers are from Florida,' according to humorist, Tim Sample. Schedule of his appearances at grange halls and pot luck suppers. Quotes, bibliography, real appearances, and even a comment from Stephen King.  Biz Directory | Site  Search | News  Events Get a Listing | About  Us | Contact Us | Home Site hosting  design by : RainStorm Consulting, Inc. For questions or comments about this site please contact: webmaster@rainstormconsulting.com 