   Home West-Virginia Cross Lanes Auto Repairing & Service By car Bicycling Walking Drag the markers to change the route. Start (A) End (B) Cross Lanes Auto Svc Ctr 5235 Big Tyler Rd ,  Cross Lanes , West-Virginia 25313 , (304)776-1127 Total Distance: Print address and map Summary Car Companies Nearby Driving Directions Car Videos Guides + How-Tos The main category this company offers services is Auto Repairing & Service. The owner or manager is Roger Tolley and the employee range of this automotive business is between 1 to 4 persons. The sic code number for Cross Lanes Auto Svc Ctr is 753801. People who viewed Cross Lanes Auto Svc Ctr also viewed these companies Nearby Cross Lanes Auto Svc Ctr Businesses with Zip Code 25313 Advance Auto Parts Cross Lanes 5466 Big Tyler Rd, (304)776-0771 Auto Parts & Supplies-Retail-New Cornerstone Industrial Svc Cross Lanes Greg Mundel, 4611 Washington St W, (304)776-5387 Auto Repairing & Service Earl's Auto Parts Inc Cross Lanes Wayne Goldsberry, 5147 Washington St W, (304)776-5571 Auto Parts & Supplies-Retail-New European Auto Sales Cross Lanes Kenneth R Douglas, 404 New Goff Mountain Rd, (304)776-0990 Auto Dealers-Used Cars Jiffy Lube Cross Lanes Jon Fisher, 131 Goff Mountain Rd, (304)776-7881 Auto Lubrication Service Precision Pump & Valve Svc Cross Lanes Barry Kemerer, 517 Old Goff Mountain Rd, (304)776-1710 Auto Repairing & Service Pro 1 Automotive Cross Lanes Mike Asbury, 5069 Big Tyler Rd, (304)776-2900 Towing-Truck WV Truck & Trailer Cross Lanes Mike Mosteller, 1 Jain Dr, (304)204-2435 Truck-Dealers Chevrolet BMW Porsche Jeep Chrysler Mercedes-Benz Ford Gmc Nissan Jaguar Auto Tips Future Cars - The Most Anticipated Upcoming Car Models While BMW showcased this concept a few years ago, the Gran Coupe finally got the nod only recently. While Mercedes and Audi have grabbed their shares of the 4-door Coupe market with their CLS-class and A7 models respectively, BMW had a brief stint with the 5-series GT, but then turned around and began to work on other things like improving the flavor in their coffee and the new 1 and 3-series. One of the most unique designs is the Ecosport from Ford. Ford have chalked out several variants of the Ecosport, including front or all wheel drive models, manual and automatic transmissions and a good choice of engines. The new turbocharged direct injection 1.0L 3-cylinder inline Ford Ecoboost engine is a revelation, and will be available in either 100 hp or 125 hp states of tune, with a 180 hp version doing the rumor rounds. With a torque rating of 170 Nm, it makes the little 1.0L, on paper, a replacement for their 1.8L four! There will also be a new diesel engine, with a tuned version of existing 1.4-1.6L TDCi motors finding their way under the hood. Selling Used Cars for a Profit Find a steady supply of inexpensive automobiles, like a local auction house or swap meet. Searching for cars to purchase chews up precious time, and time means money. Every community already has a place to buy and sell used vehicles but these venues are not always well-advertised or in prominent locations in town; it is up to you to seek out the good deals. Become a car dealer. Authorized auto dealers are invited to auctions and liquidation sales not open to the public. Look for great deals at seized car auctions, car salvage lots and auctions hosted by cities or towing companies. Law enforcement agencies auction off surplus, unclaimed and confiscated vehicles while banks and other lending institutions look to get their money back on repossessed cars from deadbeat customers. All about 59 plate insurance Plates for motor vehicles indicate the age of the car along with the location for the registration of the car. The old plate system used a once-a-year change for cars. The old system led to a spike in sales each year when the new plates came out. Many drivers would wait until then to purchase a car because they wanted to be seen in the newest vehicles. Obtaining motor vehicle insurance for 59 plates is accomplished just as you would obtain this type of insurance for any other plate. Simply contact your current insurer to see if he is offering 59 plate insurance. How to get the best deal on a new car? Shopping for a new car can be stressful and intimidating for many hopeful car buyers. But, you can get a good deal on a new car, if you know how to manage the process. Before you step foot on the lot of a car dealership, spend time researching the value, reliability and resale value of cars that might interest you. The annual Consumer Reports car buying edition is well worth the investment. Online pricing and auto review sites can also be incredibly helpful in narrowing your list of car choices. Arrange your financing before you begin your shopping. Credit unions and local banks often offer much better financing deals than dealerships, especially if your credit is less than perfect. Online options, such as E-Loan, may also offer you an attractive financing package. How to get the best deal on a used car? Find reviews of car dealers in your area or ask around for customer reviews. Were they satisfied with the price, professionalism during the transaction, and warranty service? Drop by a dealership or two to get a close-up look at cars and get a feel for their marketing strategy. A dealer might give you a good deal on a car loan with a low interest rate, but ask about the specifics. Ask your insurance agent for estimates on premiums for the car models you are interested in. The best deal is the lowest interest rate you can find for the shortest loan period, and not one that will shoot up after a few months. Look at the major car websites for reliable reviews, like Edmunds.com. Other sites provide the actual value (a private sale, trade-in or realistic retail price) of a new or used car based on its make, model, mileage, and accessories. What are the Top 5 Compact Cars? Compact cars are a very popular choice for those who are looking to purchase a new vehicle. They get great gas mileage, are easy to maneuver, and often times are very affordable whilst having an attractive, sporty look. Not to mention, when it's time to resell, your small car will likely hold its value more so than its full or mid-sized relative of the same make. Honda's lineup of Civics also accommodates for many different kinds of drivers. If for some reason the regular gas-powered Honda Civics don't suit your fancy, there's always the fuel-saving Civic hybrid and the innovative Honda Civic natural gas vehicle. For the more spirited driver, the Civic Si would be a perfect choice with its amped-up 197 horsepower 2.0 liter engine and sporty appeal. (Honda Civic, Mazda3, 2011 Hyundai Elantra, Chevy Cruze, 2011 Volkswagen Jetta) The Designation of a Car as Category D The designation of a car as Category D can lower the value for arbitrary reasons. This category also denies consumers an opportunity to own a better and safer car. For these reasons, the Category D designation should be revisited. Take two like vehicles with about the same body damage. In one instance, the insurance company decides the damage is too extensive to economically repair. The car is slapped with a Cat D tag and hauled to the scrapyard. If a body banger buys this vehicle to repair, he starts out at a financial disadvantage. He repairs the vehicle, but it goes back on the road with a Category D scarlet letter tied on the bonnet. Consumers are reluctant to buy these cars, thus, these vehicles take a hit in their resale value. Microsoft Car Information - Used Car Reviews - Car Prices Yahoo - New Car Pictures - Prices and Reviews Update Listing | Add Company 2013 LocalAutoGuide.net | Privacy Policy | Design By Thomas Kowalewski 