 Triangle Arts  Entertainment Meetup Home Members Sponsors Photos Pages Discussions Message Board Mailing List More Polls Files Promote Join us! Featured Meetup $5 Movie Night: Flight November 13, 2012  6:15 PM Southpoint Cinemas In this action-packed mystery thriller, Academy Award winner, Denzel Washington stars as Whip Whitaker, a seasoned airline pilot, who miraculously crash lands his plane after a mid-air catastrophe, saving nearly every soul on board. After the crash, Whip is hailed as a hero, but as more is learned, more questions than answers arise as to who or what was really at fault and what really happened on that plane? -- (C) Rotten Tomatos The movie starts at 6:30, please meet in the lobby on the right-hand side by the tables and chairs between 6 and 6:15 pm. I unfortunately am not able to attend so Lucy (lm4938  ) is going to be your Host. Thanks Lucy!!!   Flight  (2012) 138 min - Drama - 2 November 2012 (USA) Ratings: 7.7/10 from 3,684 users An airline pilot saves a flight from crashing, but an investigation into the malfunctions reveals something troubling. Director: Robert Zemeckis Writer: John Gatins Stars: Nadine Velazquez, Denzel Washington and Carter Cabassa   Meetup dues: Annual meetup dues of $5 will be collected at this Meetup from those that have not yet paid for the year. If this is your first Meetup with the group, dues are exempt until your second attendance. Thanks in advance for voluntarily offering your payment. Join or login to comment.  lm4983 as usual - good movie, good company. the movie is almost a character study and how events can conspire to show character. Whip Whitaker was at the bottom of a broken life, but the fallout from the plane crash finally set him free. 0  November 15  danielle Hi Everyone, I got to the theater late, no doubt after you had all sat down and wasnt bold enough to yell out, either during the endless previews or the final credits -- Hey, wheres are the peeps from the Triangle Arts  Ent Meet-up? Can I get a shout! Sorry ro have missed an opportunity to meet yall. Enjoyed the film though. Looking forward to actually MEETING-UP! soon. Cheers to all. 0  November 14  9 attended lm4983 Supporting Member Extraordinare Event Host Bill Supporting Member danielle Elaine B Supporting Member Extraordinaire Stan Lawton Supporting Member Triangle Arts  Entertainment Meetup Durham , NC FoundedNov 4, 2007 About us Bibliocinephiles 476 Group reviews 57 Upcoming Meetups 5 Past Meetups 310 Our calendar Membership dues $5.00/year We're about: Live Music  Book Discussion  Movie Fans  Indie Film  Museum  Theater  Performance Art  Concerts  Dining Out  Brunch Organizers: Jan , June Hotchner , Lynette and 2 more View The Leadership Team Contact Membership dues $5.00 /year This covers: Meetup Website Fees Payment is accepted using: PayPal Cash or check Your organizer will refund you if: Your organizer removes or bans you from their Meetup Group Close this  x We are a small, casual group whose focus is to bring together like-minded individuals who want to socialize and make new friends while exploring all of the great things that the triangle has to offer. Though many of our members reside in Durham and this is our home base for most activities, we also endeavor to explore all parts of the Triangle. We welcome members from anywhere in the region. Our meetups include: book discussions, movies, live music, trivia nights, plays, museums, dining out and just about anything else that might be fun. Members are always free to suggest events for the group. Triangle Arts and Entertainment is funded by its members. There is an annual fee to keep the Meetup site going of $5 per member. New members are exempt for a couple of Meetups so they can try us out. If you like the group and want to continue attending, please volunteer your dues to the host at that time. As often as possible, "Supporting Members" (those that have their paid dues) will get occasional discounts and perks on tickets, meals, etc.. Join us! Perks FREE MOVIE credits from redbox, Americas movie rental destination! from Redbox 10% off their total bill from UnWined Wine Bar Offer a perk  People in this Meetup are also in:  Triangle Philosophy 589 Thinkers Next Meetup: Monday, Sep 23 Triangle Ethnic Food (Thai, Indian etc.) Meetup 1,504 Ethnic Food Friends Next Meetup: Thursday, Aug 29 Live Music in the Triangle: Raleigh, Durham  Chapel Hill! 897 Live Music Lovers Next Meetup: Wednesday, Sep 11 The Apex Fitness Walkers  Social Club 401 Recreational Walkers Next Meetup: Saturday, Aug 31 RALEIGH SCI-FI GEEKS 281 Crew Members Next Meetup: Thursday, Sep 05 Triangle Hiking and Outdoors Group 5,520 THOGers Next Meetup: Tuesday, Aug 27  114,452,088 RSVPs! hide What's new Log in Sign up Find a Meetup Group Start a Meetup Group  Show me the Meetups About Careers Help Blog Tech Blog API Made in NYC Meetup Everywhere Offer a Perk 2013 Meetup Privacy  Terms English Deutsch Espaol Franais Italiano Portugus Log in Not registered with us yet? Sign up Email address: Password: Forgot your password? Keep me signed in  or Log in using Facebook Sign up Meetup members, Log in Your name Your email Pick a password  or Sign up using Facebook By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service  Privacy Policy 