  11.12 PM Tuesday, 27 August 2013  Home News Emirates Government Region World Crime Local Region World Entertainment Films  Music Celebrity Gossip Events Offbeat This is life Crazy World Sports Local Cricket Football Other Business Economy  Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Video In Pictures Bollywood Jobs Expo 2020 Home Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Advanced Dubai fans invited this Ramadan to iftar with Shah Rukh Khan The Bollywood star will be in the emirate on August 1 with Deepika Padukone to promote ‘Chennai Express’ By Bindu Suresh Rai Published Wednesday, July 24, 2013 Indian Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan attends an event promoting a mobile game for the upcoming Hindi film "Chennai Express" on July 23, 2013. (AFP) For fans of Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan, it doesnt really get bigger than this. The actor will be observing a fast for Ramadan during a whirlwind promotional trip to the emirate on August 1 and fans are invited to share iftar with him at the Arabian Center as he breaks his fast on stage. Khan will be joined by his Chennai Express team, including lead actress Deepika Padukone and Rohit Shetty; the Bollywood action-comedy will be the big Bollywod Eid release on August 9 across UAE cinemas. The cast members should be in the mall by 6.30pm, right before iftar, which is scheduled at 7.06pm on the day. A special event will kick off at the Ground Floor of the Night Court area followed by performances and competitions. The promotional event is organised by Dubai-based Dream Advertising and Ministry of Events. Tim Jones, COO, Arabian Center said in a statement: We are extremely delighted to announce an extravagant kick off to the Eid celebrations in the mall with the appearance of famous and prominent Bollywood stars Shahrukh Khan and Deepika Padukone. We are also very excited that Sharukh Khan will break his holy fast in our mall. Self-proclaimed die-hard fans of Khan couldnt contain their excitement that the actor would be in Dubai next week. Mira Shahidi, 17-year-old fan said: Oh my God, I cant believe Shah Rukh will be here for iftar. I want to be there and break my fast with him. This is so amazing. Ambreen Akhtar, a 42-year-old homemaker, said: It is good to know that despite being in Bollywood, maintaining such packed schedules and travelling all the time, Shah Rukh is being a good Muslim and fasting for Ramadan. Preeti Sharma, a 25-year-old graduate said: I dont fast for Ramadan, but I would love to see my favourite actor. I love Shah Rukh. Hes the best. Produced by Khans wife, Gauri Khan under the production banner Red Chillies Entertainment Chennai Express is about a mans journey from Mumbai to Rameshwaram and what happens along the way after he falls in love with the daughter of a don. Dubai will be seeing a lot more of Khan later in 2013, as he commences his shoot for Farah Khans Happy New Year. Win AED 600 Air Arabia vouchers EVERY DAY!  Share with a friend or colleague Your name Your e-mail address: Recipient's name Recipient's e-mail address: Message  Comments shah rukh 1 August 2013 11:19 0 0 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you youyou you only you king of bollywood............... Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Ahsan 27 July 2013 09:14 8 2 We are delighted as SHAHRUKH KHAN is arriving in Dubai and will break the fast with us. Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Jeb 27 July 2013 08:55 4 1 Justino Srk gives a lot charity but he does not say or advertise.He is the most hard working actor.how do you know that Srk will give some money to charity after iftar in ...DUBAI... Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. raj 26 July 2013 17:14 9 4 Srk is king of romance, bollywood , king khan  many other Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Firoze Hasan 27 July 2013 08:41 11 14 Shahrukh khan is Satan in persona. To get maximum publicity for his production and thereby profits he is playing with religion and having anIftari and then Dance and music in the holy month of Ramadan and having kafirs like Shetty and Padukone with him on the stage. He ismking a joke of Iftar. Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Muhammad Ayaz khan 26 July 2013 14:35 9 4 He could be good........but srk must follow Arkaan e islam Toheed,NamazRoza zakat hajj.... Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Mariam Anjum 26 July 2013 14:22 6 2 I wish that I was there. But I have no Visa to get there Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Ibrahim 26 July 2013 07:27 9 6 Is gouri fasting this ramadan? Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Anne 25 July 2013 20:35 9 3 wish I could get to Dubai! All you SRK fans give him my love!! Send himto UK soon... Get on the train baby... All you people that don't likehim send love to whoever you do like it's easy... Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. aslam 25 July 2013 14:46 10 4 hey i meet you Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Anita 25 July 2013 11:41 25 5 SRK has worked very hard to become wat he is now. Thats his job.We allshould lern to work hard. Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. M. 25 July 2013 09:59 20 50 He has become really annoying lately, he just seems lost, very boring.His times are over I guess..time to retire Dude! Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Intaj khan 25 July 2013 09:35 13 9 The important of IFTAR with MR.SKK has been seen as an event,May Allahaccept every one's fasting and create peace in the world. Mr.Khan's wifemay be fasting to support her husband. Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. justino 25 July 2013 09:13 43 12 i cant understand why such importance is given to these celebrities,theyare only here to promote their films.i would have rather prefered tobreak my fast with the poor or humans who are living in poverty Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. ABC 25 July 2013 08:32 39 2 I hope he is fasting... :D Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Kobe 25 July 2013 00:02 22 14 no thanks. Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. cindyd 24 July 2013 19:29 7 23 OH I WISH! I will be there in spirit eating aloo ghobi:) Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Mohammed Arif Khan 24 July 2013 18:53 28 20 Yes off course i would like to do Iftaar with SRK. Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. anas 24 July 2013 18:01 9 19 ya Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Irshad Ahmed 24 July 2013 18:00 34 25 hey plzz take me..!m big fan of srk he is a very gud man Due to a high number of negative responses this rating has been hidden. To view it click here. Show all comments  Have your say Comments submitted by third parties on this site are the sole responsibility of the individual/s whose content is submitted. DMI accepts no responsibility for the content of comment/s, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein. Please note that your email address will NOT appear on the site. Your name: E-mail: Message: By submitting your comments you agree to this website's Terms & Conditions Type in the characters you see in the picture below.  Videos  Road accident kills 10 in east China [video] Ten people were killed and five others injured Monday afternoon after a minibus collided with a truck in  Traditional Vienna goes brand-crazy with luxury facelift [video] Half a dozen new five-star hotels, flagship stores for Louis Vuitton, Prada and Emporio Armani: Vienna is See more videos Email Newsletter Don't miss out on the latest news. Subscribe to Emirates24|7 e-mail newsletter and have the news delivered to your inbox for free. Email address News In Images Bollywood stars stun at Lakme Fashion Week Huge dust storm hovers over Phoenix Vin Diesel gets a star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Selena Gomez 'Getaway' with her charm Mumbai gang-rape: Sonam Kapoor protests Who's the best Batman? Affleck vs the rest See more galleries Most Popular in Entertainment Read Emailed Commented Katrina Kaif is a stunning bridesmaid at her sister's wedding Salman Khan blocks Eid, Christmas; What's left for SRK, Ranbir, Aamir? Bollywood's ageless beauty: The curious case of Madhuri Dixit Bollywood stars stun at Lakme Fashion Week Miley Cyrus' raunchy bikini show at MTV VMAs was a shocker Catherine Zeta Jones, Michael Douglas to end 13-year marriage? Bollywood star Akshay Kumar zeroes in on Dh45m Palm villa 'Argo' man Ben Affleck is new Batman in 'Man Of Steel 2' Who's the best Batman? Affleck vs the rest Bollywood's ageless beauty: The curious case of Madhuri Dixit Salman Khan blocks Eid, Christmas; What's left for SRK, Ranbir, Aamir? Bollywood review: John Abraham pulls an 'Argo' with 'Madras Caf' Selena Gomez 'Getaway' with her charm  Follow Emirates 24|7 Follow Emirates 24|7  Recent Comments It was amazing tour of cricket...many matches..good exposure preeti Tue, 27 Aug 22:04 Christian Bale...when you say batman he is the one who comes in my mind. larry Tue, 27 Aug 21:38 Insha'Allah Dubai vll definately win Syed Fareed Tue, 27 Aug 20:55 Can I get more information about such auction. Like will it be more of them in the future, tc etc. Thank you in Erikas Tue, 27 Aug 20:02 Latest jobs available Traffic Modeling andPlanning Engineer Qatar Mobility Innovations Center,Doha, Qatar 2013-08-27 Logistics and TransportManagement Engineer Qatar Mobility Innovations Center,Doha, Qatar 2013-08-27 مصورةفوتوغرافية ,Abu Dhabi, United ArabEmirates 2013-08-27 Legal Advisor ,Al Kuwait, Kuwait 2013-08-27 IT Customer ServicesTeam Leader Smart Technology Solutions ,Jeddah, Saudi Arabia 2013-08-27 More jobs on Emirates24|7 Related articles Five places to go Shah Rukh Khan spotting today as 'Chennai Express' team reaches Dubai After Dubai iftar, Shah Rukh Khan plans grand Mumbai iftar If Ramadan saw Shah Rukh Khan, Eid brings Akshay Kumar to Dubai Rolls Royce welcome for Kareena Kapoor, Ajay Devgn in Dubai Kanye West to Bollywood's biggest: Where to go celeb spotting in UAE this month Indian rupee hits historic low of Rs18.30 vs Dh1, Rs67.23 vs $1 UAE banks lure NRIs with loan offers as rupee hits another record low 5 signs that you're in a dead-end job, and what to do about it Theres always light at the end of the tunnel, so goes the saying, but there are times when the tunnel hits the dead  Bank, credit card company write off debt of cancer patient Abdul Sattar is unable to go home as he owes money to two more banks Bollywood's ageless beauty: The curious case of Madhuri Dixit At 46, Madhuri Dixit can give present-day actresses a run for their money. She may not be as young as she looks, but In Case You Missed It ... Ikea UAE recalls faulty children's beds DED's consumer protection director appreciates furniture maker's move Boy, 6, has eyes gouged out in gruesome attack A six-year-old boy in China had his eyes gouged out, blinding him for life, reports said on Tuesday, in a gruesome  Teen girl ends life after parents' 'No' to marriage Refused permission to marry her Italian teacher, a 15-year-old Sri Lankan girl living in Messina, Italy committed  Two robbers of bank customers nabbed The two Afghans used to prey on customers of banks in Sharjah Two accidents get Dubai into a morning jam Collision on Al Wasl Road and before Al Garhoud Bridge  Back to top News Emirates Government Region World Crime Local Region World Entertainment Films  Music Celebrity Gossip Events Offbeat This is life Crazy World Sports Local Cricket Football Other Business Economy  Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals  Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms  Conditions iPad  iPhone Apps  Copyright  2013. Dubai Media Incorporated. All rights reserved.  Tweet  