  Welcome to Beautiful Grass Valley and Nevada County BECOME A MEMBER  Visitors     Conventions Whether visiting as a tourist, participating in a special event or convention, or enjoying life as a resident  Convention Services     Lodging     Dining     Shopping     Wineries     The Arts  Entertainment     Recreational Activities     Sites and museums     Transportation     Community Events Calendar  Nevada County Fall Colors Tour  Cornish and Victorian Christmas     Visitor Information Package LOCAL CALENDAR      Become A Fan of    Greater Grass Valley   Chamber of Commerce!  Join Our Chamber eNews List Email:  For Email Marketing you can trust Visitors  Conventions  The Arts  Entertainment Grass Valley and Nevada County offer a rich repertoire of theater, music, and entertainment. The community generously supports the arts. Throughout the year, a number of theater groups, the Community Asian Theater (CATS) and The Foothill Theatre Company to name a few, delight local audiences. The Center for the Arts and the historic Miners Foundry Cultural Center , as well as other venues, host a diverse mix of theater, film, and other events. And of course, the newest movie releases can be viewed at the various Sierra Theaters . The beautifully forested Nevada County Fairgrounds is home to a series of unique events which draw attendees from miles around year round. The popular Draft Horse Classic and Nevada County Fair are local classics. Music in the Mountains offers a full spectrum of classic music spring, summer, winter and fall. The Neighborhood Center for the Arts provided adults with developmental disabilities an opportunity to grow to the best of their abilities through the arts and community integration. Check the Community Calendar for details on events each month. You will find a wide variety of random fun things to do in a small town steeped in rich historyand a vibrant arts community!  The Greater Grass Valley Chamber 128 East Main Street  Grass Valley  CA 95945 (530) 273-4667 or (800)655-4667  2013 Greater Grass Valley Chamber of Commerce. Maintained by Jennco Web Works . 