 Front Page Money Saving Tips Car Buying Secrets How To Buy A New Car Car Leasing Secrets Leasing Secrets, Part 2 NewCarBuyingTips blog Auto Repair Secrets Tell Your Friends! Resources: New Cars/Quotes Used Cars/Quotes Insurance/Quotes Leasing/Quotes Rebates/Dealer Cost Vehicle History Auto Loans/Quotes Credit Reports Extended Warranties Tweet This web site features new car buying tips provided by consumer advocate  auto expert Mark Eskeldson, author of What Car Dealers Don't Want You to Know. Mark also wrote What Auto Mechanics Don't Want You to Know, the first hard-hitting exposé of the biggest names in the repair business. His books have been featured in Smart Money, Kiplinger's, Reader's Digest, The Wall Street Journal, and on ABC, NBC and CBS TV. New Car Buying Tips-- Money Saving Tips  Resources: New car buying tips plus resources for buying or leasing cars  trucks. Information and free price quotes on new  used cars, loans, leases, insurance, extended warranties, vehicle  history reports and much more. Looking for a new car or truck? Click Here for Free Quotes. Car Buying Secrets: Learn the most common tricks that new car dealers use to overcharge people. Great car buying tips to protect new car shoppers! How To Buy A New Car Below Invoice Price: Learn how to buy new cars at huge discounts, often below the dealer invoice price. Smart shopper secrets revealed! NEW VIDEOS:  Our How To Buy A Car video series covers buying and leasing, from start to finish: research, negotiating, trade-ins, dealer tricks, etc. Car Leasing Secrets: Learn the most common tricks that have been used to overcharge people on leases. Includes worksheet to determine whether you were victimized by a secret price increase or a disappearing down payment/trade-in. Leasing Secrets, Part 2: How to Get Great Lease Deals. Learn all about lease residuals, how to calculate lease payments, and how to get great lease deals. NewCarBuyingTips blog: See videos of undercover investigations, car dealer tricks and scams, how to buy new cars, and more new car buying tips. Auto Repair Secrets: Find out which well-known companies have been accused of selling unnecessary repairs after undercover investigations were done. Learn how quotas, sales commissions and contests have been used to encourage mechanics to sell more repairs -- and which big-name companies were sued over those practices. CarInfo News Page: Contains stories of auto-related consumer rip-offs that may have received little or no coverage by the mainstream news media. (The offending companies are usually among the biggest advertisers for TV, radio, and/or newspapers.) In this site, you will find a lot of information on the deceptive practices of many large, well-known companies in the automotive industry. And if you spend any time at all visiting other car sites, you'll notice that we're the only ones with all this information. Since our inside secrets and exposés are all true (most are actually common knowledge inside the auto industry), you might ask yourself why the other sites aren't telling people the whole story. If they don't know these secrets, they're not really car experts. And if they do know, why are they keeping it from the public? Do your friends a big favor - spread the word about our great new car buying tips  by using the social media buttons below. [New Car Research] [Contact] [Privacy] [How To Buy A New Car] [Ford Lease Info] Copyright © 1998-2013 Technews Corp., All rights reserved 