 Podcasts Arts  Entertainment Music Lifestyle Food  Drink Tu Cultura Chicago Gozamos  a spotlight on Chicago community and culture Follow @Gozamos Arts  Entertainment Here we are. Now, entertain us. Gozamos AE is your spot for all things artistic and entertaining – film, art galleries, museums, exhibitions, theater, TV and other good cultural stuff going on in all corners of our fine city and beyond.  Walter White, Molly  Miley Arent The Devil Walter White, Molly  Miley Arent The Devil By Hector Luis Alamo, Jr. on August 26, 2013 | Leave a comment! How Breaking Bad and the MTV Video Music Awards make us question our own moral judgment Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Actress Electra Avellan on Amelias 25th Interview: Actress Electra Avellan on Amelias 25th By Kiko Martinez on August 23, 2013 | Leave a comment! In the romantic comedy “Amelia’s 25th,” actress Electra Avellan (“Machete Kills”) plays the title character, a young woman who is fighting to build a career for herself as an actress in the cutthroat entertainment industry. During our interview, Avellan, who is the niece of filmmaker Robert Rodriguez (“Sin City”), talked about how her character’s story [] Arts  Entertainment Read More  Wizard World Comic Con 2013 Wizard World Comic Con 2013 By Guest Author on August 21, 2013 | Leave a comment! Exclusive content from this years Comic Con Arts  Entertainment Gozamos Podcast Watch Video  What Hank Schrader And Mexicos President Have In Common What Hank Schrader And Mexicos President Have In Common By Hector Luis Alamo, Jr. on August 19, 2013 | Leave a comment! Stakes is high as fuck, but they dont have to be. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Stakes Is High In Latin America Stakes Is High In Latin America By Hector Luis Alamo, Jr. on August 12, 2013 | Leave a comment! Stakes is high as fuck. Arts  Entertainment Read More  OUTSIDE IN: The Mexican-American Street Art Movement in Chicago OUTSIDE IN: The Mexican-American Street Art Movement in Chicago By Terry Carlton on August 9, 2013 | Leave a comment! This is the big one: our top Chicago street artists on the national stage they deserve at the National Museum of Mexican Art. We chat a little with Ruben Aguirre about the show, his growth as an artist/human, and what it means to have Chicago street art on the walls of the NMMA. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Luis Guzmán on cameo role in Were the Millers Interview: Luis Guzmán on cameo role in Were the Millers By Kiko Martinez on August 9, 2013 | Leave a comment! In the comedy “We’re the Millers,” actor Luis Guzmán joins in the fun with a cameo role as a Mexican police officer who meets the Miller family (Jennifer Aniston, Jason Sudeikis, Emma Roberts and Will Poulter) at a check point as they’re trying to smuggle drugs into the U.S. During our interview, Guzmán, 56, talked [] Arts  Entertainment Read More  ElevArte Community Studio  Giselle Mercier ElevArte Community Studio  Giselle Mercier By Daisy Carrera on August 7, 2013 | Leave a comment! Giselle Mercier spoke to us about the background of ElevArte, programs the organization offers community youth, the role ElevArte plays in the recent public school closings in Chicago and more. Arts  Entertainment Gozamos Podcast Watch Video  Interview: Emily Rios on FXs The Bridge Interview: Emily Rios on FXs The Bridge By Kiko Martinez on August 2, 2013 | Leave a comment! Photo Credit: The Bridge In the new FX drama series “The Bridge,” actress Emily Rios (TV’s “Breaking Bad”) plays Adriana Mendez, a young reporter for the El Paso Times, who is assigned to write a story on a murder believed to be committed by a serial killer working on both sides of the Texas/Mexico border. [] Arts  Entertainment Read More  Why Are We Ignoring The Bridge? Why Are We Ignoring The Bridge? By Hector Luis Alamo, Jr. on August 1, 2013 | Leave a comment! Why is a bilingual show starring Latinos and focusing on the border, Mexican cartels, immigration and Juarezs murder rate not getting any attention? Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Actress Melonie Diaz on Fruitvale Station Interview: Actress Melonie Diaz on Fruitvale Station By Kiko Martinez on July 26, 2013 | Leave a comment! Photo Credit: Fruitvale Station In the critically-acclaimed drama “Fruitvale Station,” which tells the true story of 22-year-old Oakland resident Oscar Grant (Michael B. Jordan), actress Melonie Diaz (“Raising Victor Vargas,” “Be Kind Rewind”) plays Sophina, Oscar’s girlfriend and mother of his only child. During the film, we watch the relationship between Oscar and Sophina evolve [] Arts  Entertainment Read More  Gold Cup: No Ones Stopping Team USA Gold Cup: No Ones Stopping Team USA By Hector Luis Alamo, Jr. on July 25, 2013 | Leave a comment! Since making his return to the national team, [Landon] Donovan has played like well Donovan Arts  Entertainment Read More  Gold Cup Final: Soccer Mania Comes To Chicago Gold Cup Final: Soccer Mania Comes To Chicago By Hector Luis Alamo, Jr. on July 17, 2013 | Leave a comment! Which two teams will most likely play in the CONCACAF Gold Cup Final at Soldier Field? Arts  Entertainment Read More  Oh, yes. We interviewed her. Oh, yes. We interviewed her. By Kiko Martinez on July 9, 2013 | Leave a comment! Writer Kiko Martinez sits down with “The Bling Ring” star Katie Chang and learned what it’s like playing such a troubled character who seems to be a sign of the times. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Film star Brit Marling Interview: Film star Brit Marling By Kiko Martinez on July 8, 2013 | Leave a comment! Chicago-born actress/co-writer Brit Marling on The East Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Victor David Giron Interview: Victor David Giron By Corey Nuffer on June 25, 2013 | Leave a comment! He started Curbside Splendor to publish his own book about growing up in Chicago during the 80s and 90s. Atlantic Wire voted one of CSs books “Best 2012 Small Press Debut.” He wants your urban stories. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Filmmaker Aurora Guerrero on ‘Mosquita y Mari’ Filmmaker Aurora Guerrero on ‘Mosquita y Mari’ By Kiko Martinez on June 21, 2013 | Leave a comment! In the independent film “Mosquita y Mari,” filmmaker Aurora Guerrero tells the story of two young Latinas (Fenessa Pineda and Venecia Troncoso) and the relationship they develop during their high school years. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Featured Play: Richard III at the Den Theatre Featured Play: Richard III at the Den Theatre By Ilene Palacios on June 17, 2013 | Leave a comment! The cruel power dynamics of royalty meet the brute force of biker gang life in this re-imagined classic tragedy Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Carlos Jaureguialzo on his film, Matrimonio Interview: Carlos Jaureguialzo on his film, Matrimonio By Corey Nuffer on June 16, 2013 | Leave a comment! In a follow up to my review, an interview with this thoughtful, film director from Argentina and Ulysses fan. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Recap: Making Media Connections 2013 Recap: Making Media Connections 2013 By Daisy Carrera on June 11, 2013 | Leave a comment! Learn how to make the most of social media by mastering the secrets, tips and knowledge from a community of pros, via our #MMC2013 live blogging recap. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Elena Sotomayor Interview: Elena Sotomayor By Madeline Rodriguez on June 10, 2013 | Leave a comment! A really fun interview with marketing guru and part-recipient of the Third Billboard Latin Music Marketing Award, who has seemingly died and gone to job heaven. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Arts in the Yards in Back of the Yards Arts in the Yards in Back of the Yards By Sandra A. Trevino on June 5, 2013 | Leave a comment! Hedges Fine  Performing Arts School presents the 1st Annual Arts in the Yards Art and Music Festival Arts  Entertainment Read More  Chilean filmmaker Pablo Larraín revisits memories in Oscar-nominated ‘No’ Chilean filmmaker Pablo Larraín revisits memories in Oscar-nominated ‘No’ By Kiko Martinez on June 3, 2013 | Leave a comment! In the Oscar-nominated Chilean film “No,” filmmaker Pablo Larraín (“Tony Manero”) tells the story of Chlie’s 1988 referendum through the eyes of an advertising executive hired to run the campaign against the country’s dictator Augusto Pinochet. Gael Garcia Bernal (“Amores Perros”) stars as René Saavedra, a commercial ad man who brings an unconventional marketing plan to the political arena in hopes of ending Pinochet’s 17 year reign. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Interview: Director David Riker, Independent Film The Girl Interview: Director David Riker, Independent Film The Girl By Kiko Martinez on May 31, 2013 | Leave a comment! Making a film that’s trying to broaden the discussion about immigration, Director David Riker took time out to talk about the dedication of his lead actress to learn the Spanish language and what he was looking for when he cast a non-professional actor like Maritza Santiago Hernandez. Arts  Entertainment Read More  Next page   The 9th Annual Hispanic Heritage Month Celebration, Global Latino Fest will benefit the Resurrection Project of Pilsen. Ads by Gozamos Join our Newsletter Gozamos iPhone App Read Gozamos on your iPhone and check out the hottest events in Chicago and Milwaukee. Gozamos Podcast HD Video with iTunes MP3 Audio with iTunes Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Find us on Instagram See us on Flickr Subscribe on YouTube Article Submissions We are looking for contributors with unique perspectives, and a passion for preserving their cultural heritage and traditions all while living a modern life. Learn More » Sarch Icon Tweets by @gozamos About Gozamos We are a modern online magazine and community for young Latinos in Chicago and others passionate about their cultural heritage. Hear what your peers have to say about Chicago events, new music, cultural events, politics, religion, restaurants and bars. Learn More  Advertise with us. At Gozamos, we cater to an audience that is culturally savvy and sophisticated. If your brand or product is a perfect fit for our readers, please get in touch. Your ad will be the only one on the site, guaranteeing the highest level of engagement. Learn More  Article Submissions Do you have unique perspectives or experiences that you’re dying to share? Do you have a passion for preserving your cultural heritage while living a modern life? Then contact us about writing for Gozamos. We promise not to bite (unless you’re into that sorta thing). Learn More  Contact Do you have a suggestion for the site? Want to tell us about your favorite spot in town or an event we shouldn't miss? Send tips to [emailprotected] Got a hot Event coming up? Send press releases with a high-res photo to [emailprotected] Podcasts Arts  Entertainment Music Lifestyle Food  Drink Tu Cultura Chicago 