 August 27, 2013 About Advertise Contact Cars UK Cars UK Car News, Views and Reviews Home Car News Car Reviews Car Photos Car Specs You are here: Cars UK / Car News / Jaguar News / F-Type News / Jaguar F-Type Coupe at Los Angeles Auto Show? Jaguar F-Type Coupe at Los Angeles Auto Show? October 2, 2012 By Cars UK Reports suggest that the Jaguar F-Type Coupe will debut in production guise in November at the Los Angeles Motor Show.   Weve only just seen the debut of the Jaguar F-Type Roadster at the Paris Motor Show , but its now being reported that its tin-top sibling  the Jaguar F-Type Coupe  will debut in production guise at the Los Angeles Motor Show in November. Of course, weve already seen much of what the F-Type Coupe will offer in the C-X16 Concept  the basis for the F-Type  when that was revealed a year ago, but we hadnt expected to see it as the F-Type Coupe until at least Geneva 2013. But Motor Authority are this morning claiming the F-Type Coupe will arrive at the L.A. Auto Show alongside the F-Type Roadster adding a third debut model for Jaguar Land Rover at L.A. to sit alongside the F-Type Roadster and 2013 Range Rover. If true, it could mean the F-Type Coupe hitting showrooms by next summer and at prices a bit lower than the F-Type Roadster although, at least initially, the range will be the same with the choice of the F-Type, F-Type S and F-Type V8 S, with an F-Type V8 R to follow. Update : It appears that Motor Authoritys man who knows, didnt. So back to the original plan with the F-Type Coupe arriving at the Geneva Motor Show in 2013. Jaguar F-Type Roadster Photos  Jaguar C-X16 Photos  SHARE THIS   People Who Read This Story Also Read... Jaguar F-Type with Black Pack is Firesand Orange: LA Auto Show The Jaguar F-Type has had its North American debut at the Los Angles Auto Show complete with Black Pack and Design Pack... Los Angeles Auto Show 2011: Photo roundup A quick look at the cars of the Los Angeles Auto Show 2011, from the Subaru BRZ to the Beetle... Jaguar at Los Angeles Auto Show 2011 Photo Gallery (click image for full size version) SHARE THIS ... 2011 Los Angeles Auto Show Photo Gallery (click image for full size version) SHARE THIS ... Filed Under: F-Type News , Jaguar News   Main Dealers Used Dealers Servicing News Photos Reviews Latest F-Type News Jaguar F-Type fleet in Union Jack livery promote 'Best of British' As part of the ongoing PR for the new F-Type, Jaguar are running a fleet of F-Types with Union Jack livery round the UK to… Watch the Jaguar Project 7 F-Type go up the Goodwood hillcimb The Jaguar Project 7 car - an F-Type R in all but name with D-Type design features - is at Goodwood this weekend and we have… Jaguar F-Type Coupe caught on video at Nurburgring We have new video of the Jaguar F-Type Coupe out testing round the Nurburgring ahead of a likely reveal at this year's Frankfurt… 700bhp Jaguar F-Type Coupe with the heart of the C-X75. Really? Will the Jaguar F-Type Coupe, when it arrives, offer a range topping version with a 700bhp version of the hybrid setup from the… Featuring Latest 4/44 of F-Type News Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Sign up to our newsletter!  Jaguar on Cars UK Main Dealers Used Dealers Servicing News Photos Reviews Latest Car News Citroen Cactus Concept heading for Frankfurt Motor Show August, 2013 VW e-Golf  e-Up! electric cars Frankfurt debut August, 2013 Infiniti Q30 Concept revealed ahead of its Frankfurt debut August, 2013 New Volvo tease for Frankfurt  is it a modern P1800 Coupe? (video) August, 2013 Supercar News Car Photos Follow Email Newsletters Copyright © 2008-2013 · All Rights Reserved · Cars UK Privacy and Cookies Policy · Find us on Google+ 