 CODA Holdings, Inc. toRestructure Business around Energy Storage May 1,2013 -- Los Angeles, CA -- CODA Holdings, Inc. (Âthe CompanyÂ or ÂCODAÂ) announcedtoday that it is focusing its business strategy on the growing energy storagemarket. Â  CODA plans to implement therestructuring of its business through a voluntary filing under Chapter 11 ofthe U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Â  The voluntary petitionwas filed today in the District of Delaware. Â  This process is intended to enable the Company to complete a sale,confirm a Plan and emerge from bankruptcy in a stronger position to execute itsnew business plan. Â  The Company expectsthe sale process to take 45 days to complete. FCOMA CODA Holdings LLC, an affiliate of Fortress Investment Group, isleading a consortium of lenders intending to provide debtor-in-possession (DIP)financing to enable the CompanyÂs energy storage business to remain fullyoperational during the restructuring process. Â  The Company has filed a motion with the bankruptcy court for approval ofthe consortium, or its designee, as the stalking horse bidder in the saleprocess to acquire the Company post-bankruptcy. Â  In addition, the Company will seek to monetize value of its existingautomotive business assets. Â Â  Â Â Â Â  After concluding a comprehensive review of ourstrategic options, the Board of Directors, management team and senior lendinggroup have concluded that focusing on the CompanyÂs energy storage businesspresents the best opportunity moving forward,Â said Phil Murtaugh, ChiefExecutive Officer, CODA Holdings, Inc. Â  ÂWe believe the restructuring process that we have entered into todaywill enable the Company to complete a sale and confirm a Plan that maximizes thevalue of its assets, serving the best interests of our stakeholders.Â CODA diversified its business and formed CODA Energy twoyears ago. Â  CODA EnergyÂs products arebased on the same core technology, which includes its proprietary batterymanagement and thermal management systems, found in CODAÂs vehicles adapted forstationary energy storage applications. Â  TheCompany designs and builds scalable, custom energy storage solutions optimizedfor generation, distribution and behind-the-meter applications for commercial,residential and industrial end users. Â Â  TheCompany is currently shipping product, and has a robust pipeline of newcustomers and existing installations in the field. CODAÂs legal advisor in connection with the restructuring isWhite  Case LLP. Â  Emerald CapitalAdvisors serves as its Chief Restructuring Officer and restructuring advisor,and Houlihan Lokey serves as its investment banker for the restructuring. Â  Sidley Austin LLP is serving as FCO MA CODAHoldings LLCÂs Â  legal advisor. 