 Skip to Content Jump to Main Navigation and Login Jump to additional Information Search, View and Navigation Search Shore News Today Free Time Entertainment Blues Brothers Revue combines music, humor and mayhem Community Entertainment Food Events Art  Books Outdoors Movies Surfing Free Time SandPaper Service with a Smile  Additional Information Search   Regional News Christie: Jersey beaches not ready for another big storm Stockton recognized in national report Free computer training for 60 plus Upcoming Reunions Current Newspaper Religion Listings Letter: Rules should apply when the wealthy few control the media Letter: Time is right for single payer, universal health care in New Jersey Letter: ‘Jihad’ column is bigotry in the guise of history What’s happening in Atlantic City Off season is no vacation for Pops pianist Opinion Letter: Rules should apply when the wealthy few control the media Letter: Time is right for single payer, universal health care in New Jersey Letter: ‘Jihad’ column is bigotry in the guise of history Letter: Freeholders should approve Ordinance No. 9 to help Atlantic County veterans Addicts need help, not stigma and jail Area Events Upcoming Reunions Current Newspaper Religion Listings What’s happening in Atlantic City Cape May County Calendar  August 2013 William Ris Gallery exhibits ‘Flora, Fauna  Far East’ Health & Fitness Tips for students with asthma as they return to school Tips for staying safe in the water this summer Atlantic Eye Center celebrates 25 years Use care when it’s time to rake Wellness Briefs Business Minnesota brokerage firm buys Prudential Fox and Roach Business boon seen in new craft distillery rules DRBA taps assistant finance director Reeds names Krista Ostrander sales manager Ellen Kravet Burke heads hospital board Real Estate Current Homes August 2013 Current Homes - July 2013 West Cape May Property Transfers - May, 2013 West Wildwood Property Transfers - May, 2013 Wildwood Property Transfers - May, 2013  Contact Us Advertising Submit Event Photo Reprints  Blues Brothers Revue combines music, humor and mayhem Last Updated on Monday, August 19, 2013 09:12 am Written by Joan Kostiuk Sunday, August 18, 2013 12:00 am Tweet Wayne Catania, right, and Kieron Lafferty star as brothers Jake and Elwood Blues in ‘The Official Blues Brothers Revue’ Saturday, Sept. 28 in the Stockton Performing Arts Center. The Stockton Performing Arts Center will present “The Official Blues Brothers Revue” 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 28 at the Richard Stockton College of New Jersey, 101 Vera King Farris Drive. The show, produced by Dan Aykroyd and Judith Belushi Pisano, stars Wayne Catania and Kieron Lafferty as brothers Jake and Elwood Blues, the characters created by John Belushi and Dan Aykroid that debuted in the television show “Saturday Night Live.” The Blues Brothers were initially imagined as front men for a fictitious American blues and soul band, according to show promoters. The irreverent characters resonated with people around the world, and the act took on a life of its own –its popularity spawning the 1980 film “The Blues Brothers” and a cultural phenomenon. “The Official Blues Brothers Revue” recreates the live concert experience, integrating the humor and songs from the film and the Blues Brothers’ subsequent albums, according to a news release. The show pays homage to Chicago’s history of blues, soul music and gospel in the spirit of the original Blues Brothers. Paul Shaffer, SNL band leader from 1975-1980 and musical director for the original film, is the musical director for the revue, which is written and directed by Catania, Lafferty and Pisano, a writer, artist and graphic designer who was married to Belushi until his death in 1982. Catania is an actor and creative writer with a career spanning four decades. In the late 1970s, his resemblance to John Belushi and his physical style got him cast as Jake Blues in “The Classic Blues Brothers Stage Show.” Lafferty is a Canadian actor, writer and musician who started his career as a singer-songwriter playing in the Toronto club circuit. He has performed in films and documentaries, on television, onstage and in commercials. He joined the cast of the Las Vegas show “Legends in Concert” as Elwood Blues. With Catania as Jake, their Blues Brothers act evolved into its own touring show, and ultimately “The Official Blues Brothers Revue.” Lafferty and Catania are backed by the big sound of the eight-piece Intercontinental Rhythm and Blues Revue Band in a show that is geared toward all ages. The revue “strikes the right balance of humor, music and mayhem,” according to promoters. The Stockton Performing Arts Center is on the campus of the Richard Stockton College of New Jersey, off Jimmie Leeds Road in GallowayTownship. The theater offers wheelchair-accessible seating, large-print programs and listening assistive devices. Tickets are $32 and can be ordered at www.stockton.edu/pac or by calling the box office at 609-652-9000. The box office is open 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Monday through Friday and 90 minutes before the performance. View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by Disqus back to top Next   