 Culture Clash, Part 2: Chrysler Small-Car Big-Wig Outta There Facebook Tweeter Edmunds | Inside Line | Help | Contact Editor | Follow Us Auto Industry News Analysis Auto Industry Sales Economy Global Government Personalities Commentary Video Companies Automakers Retail & Finance Sales & Marketing Suppliers & UAW Vehicles Green Companies Policy Technologies Vehicles Technology Safety Safety Conference  DATA CENTER GRAPHICS GALLERY  SHOWS & EVENTS rss   HOME    Automakers   Chrysler Culture Clash, Part 2: Chrysler Small-Car Big-Wig Outta There By Michelle Krebs July 8, 2009 Comments (1) By Bill Visnic First it was Americans and Germans who couldn't make it work at Chrysler Group LLC. Now it might be Germans and Italians having trouble finding the love while mutually working to revive Chrysler. Automotive News reports that barely a month after new managers from 20 percent owner Fiat S.p.A. hit the ground at Chryslers Auburn Hills, Mich., headquarters, Andreas Schell -- a fast-track engineer-manager who stayed on after former Chrysler partner Daimler AG exited in 2007 -- is leaving the company. This after Schell was just named vehicle line executive for Chryslers A- and B-class cars, the compact and subcompact models it either will borrow wholesale from Fiat or on which future Chrysler small cars will be based. Schells abrupt departure leads to inevitable speculation about whether this reputedly tuned-in manager -- one just charged with overseeing the companys most crucial product program -- either already didnt like what he was seeing and hearing from Fiat executives in charge of running the new Chrysler or already determined the cultural differences will be as crippling as they proved to be with Daimler and Chrysler. More to the point: Is this old-school culture clash - or something deeper? Schells quick exit from the new, Italian-managed Chrysler could be a bellwether of future difficulties not only in yet again throwing together two (or three) disparate cultures but for the companys entire restructuring strategy. After all, Chryslers repeatedly said its recovery and subsequent growth is largely based on its ability to engineer and sell compact and subcompact models based on existing Fiat products and also leveraging fuel-saving Fiat powertrains and technologies. If the guy just put in charge of making that happen has left Auburn Hills in a dead run, it might officially be time to begin serious questioning of Chryslers ability to pull this thing off. Michelle Krebs: is Editor-in-Chief of AutoObserver.com. Follow @AutoObserver on Twitter. LEAVE A COMMENT billddrummer says: 9:11 AM, 07.08.09 I don't think this marriage will survive. Report It  ADD A COMMENT  URL  Remember personal info? No HTML or javascript allowed. URLs will not be hyperlinked. Post Comment  COMMENTARY MENU VIDEO FILTER BY AUTHOR: Jeremy Anwyl Michelle Krebs John O'Dell Lacey Plache Paul Seredynski Bill Visnic GUEST AUTHORS Advertisement Featured Video Advertisement EDITORS Editor-in-Chief of AutoObserver.com and Senior Analyst ofEdmunds.com Michelle Krebs Email | Twitter Analyst and Senior Editor Bill Visnic Email | Twitter Senior Editor Paul Seredynski Email Senior Editor of AutoObserver.com John O'Dell Email Associate Editor of AutoObserver.com Scott Doggett Email  Site Map | RSS Feed | Help | Advertise with Us | Contact Us | AutoObserver Mobile | About AutoObserver  Edmunds Inc. | Privacy Statement | Visitor Agreement | Membership Agreement | Jobs at Edmunds | About Edmunds Auto Industry News | Commentary | Companies | Green | Technology | Safety | Data Center | Shows  Events  