 Sooper Articles Your Best Article Source.. Titles Contents Authors  Welcome, Guest Submit Articles Sooper Authors Top Articles Blog Widgets RSS Feeds FAQ Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Article Categories Art  Entertainment Actors Comics  Animation Humor Movies  TV Music Philosophy Photography Poetry Tattoos Theater Visual Art Automotive Business Careers Communications Education Finance Food  Drinks Gaming Health  Fitness Hobbies Home and Family Home Improvement Internet Law News  Society Pets Real Estate Relationship Self Improvement Shopping Spirituality Sports Technology Travel Writing Subscribe to Latest Articles Enter your email address: Useful Links For Authors Author Guidelines Article Writing Tips Why Submit Articles Home Art  Entertainment Articles Humor Articles Humor Articles Subscribe to Humor Articles There are times when you feel so bored and nothing can make you smile. To get rid of the stresses and worries, what’s better than to watch a comedy show or read funny jokes that just relaxes you, cheer you up and throws the blues out of the window? You can read and share the funny things you come across and have a good time with friends and family. Displaying 1 - 20 Humor Articles Get The Best Fun For Kid Events by Contacting Fun Time Clown or Fairy in The Australia Have the best children events organized from the fun time clown or fairy in the Australia. They have clowns, fairies and in addition several types of fun events for the kids to enjoy whole. By: John Clarke John published on August 26, 2013 Unlocking the Mystery to Be a Successful Comedian The internet defines comedy as a Professional entertainment that consists of jokes and satirical sketches, intended to make an audience laugh. Is this comedy all about? In some regards it is true but the scene with comedy is actually more wide and diverse. By: Kate Simon published on August 13, 2013 True Confession You dont have to wait for manna to fall from the sky to make somebody your own. There is nothing like finding true love in your life, and if you want to make that true confession now, you might as well do it in style. By: Satish Ranchodas published on July 19, 2013 Entertain Youngsters With Magic Tricks Are you deciding on a theme in your kids next social gathering? Have you thought-about entertaining the guests with card tips, coin tips, and more? Think about implementing newbie tips at the party. By: Robbin Mark published on July 17, 2013 How To Book Comedians For A Campus Comedy? While conducting a corporate event such as meetings, conventions or seminars, you might have noticed that many a times, the environment gets quite serious and at this point of time, people demand something that can break the ice and yet go with the flow of the occasion. By: Nikki John published on June 25, 2013 Sms, Very Short Word in Read, Write And Pronounce SMS, very short word in read, write and pronounce while a vital communication channel of today life. A common man is making it part of life in terms of communication with friends and relatives. We receive a no. of SMS on daily basis like jokes, news, horoscope, updates and more. By: Samee Ullah published on June 08, 2013 How to Make Someone Happy Using Hindi Jokes? In this article you will learn that how you can make someone happy from Hindi Jokes. I have provided all the details here with resources. Please read this article and share it with you friends if you like our work. By: Ankit Singla published on January 22, 2013 A Hilarious Look At France- The Fete De Rois With French Lifestyle Guru Uncle Jacques A brilliant, funny article by slightly mad Uncle Jacques - the French lifestyle guru! He delves into the festive season, in particular the 6th January, investigating, as only he can, this tradition in France. He also makes some witty, possibly political incorrect comparisons to other countries. By: Jacques Gilbert published on January 02, 2013 Look For Holidays Planning Trough 2013 Calendars Manage your schedules effortlessly through monthly calendar for 2013 that will give details about January 2013 calendar, February 2013 calendar, march 2013 calendar etc. You can also find april and may 2013 calendar. By: Kalpendra Chaudhary published on December 18, 2012 Hindi Jokes Are Part of Every Entertainment Comedy word extracts from the jokes because usually people make the people laugh through their comedy acts with jokes. Whether it is movies, theatre serials, comedy shows and parties, joke is the common factor everywhere to make the people laugh. By: Neha Khatri published on December 11, 2012 Some Essential Steps to Make Cheap  Best Christmas Celebration Christmas is just a festival about Jesus Christ and become trendiest amongst celebrations. Be part of this trendiest festival and adopt some traditions to make a best Christmas celebrations. Get ideas on cheap christmas gifts and holidays that really help in make the day and vacation bit special. By: Kalpendra Chaudhary published on December 11, 2012 Best Zombie Gifts and Zombie Gift Ideas Are you a zombie fanatic? Do you have a friend who acts like these creatures could knock on the door anytime soon? If you answered yes to any or all of these questions, then welcome to the world of the undead! These creatures are everywhere and you only have to check your neighbors zombie bumper. By: Vincent Ward published on December 06, 2012 The Coolest Zombie Clothing and Zombie Apparel Are you a zombie fan? Then you probably have a zombie clothing in your closet. The more fanatic you are about these flesh-eating creatures, the more zombie apparel you have in your collection or even in your daily wear. By: Vincent Ward published on December 05, 2012 Release Secrets of Heart Through Christmas Sayings Sending text messages have some benefits as it keeps us connected to dear ones and gives way to share own feelings. Christmas is just to come and you must gather some trendy christmas cards sayings and quotes to continue your well wishes to everyone. By: Kalpendra Chaudhary published on December 05, 2012 Will a Zombie Test Help You Survive The Zombie Apocalypse? Will you be able to survive a zombie attack? You will never know the answer to this question until you take any of the zombie survival test that can be found online. There are many zombie survival quiz out there that will not only test your knowledge about these creatures but will also give you. By: Vincent Ward published on December 04, 2012 Be Cool and Stay Warm With Zombie Hoodies Be Cool and Stay Warm With Zombie Hoodies A plain jacket can keep you warm but why settle for warmth alone when you can keep yourself comfortable while looking fabulous in a zombie hoodie? Hoodies have become popular nowadays not only for very cold weathers but even during mildly cool seasons. By: Vincent Ward published on December 04, 2012 Professionals Can Make Any Circus show An Excellent mean to dictate Almost every child loves to witness a wonderful circus show. This is something that makes their memories quite memorable.here is of course a certain magic that keeps us going around the circus show whenever we approach to watch the circus acts. By: Ray Walter published on December 04, 2012 From A Beginner To A Perfect Magician The great art of magic is a combination of many ingredients but there is no recipe for a perfect magician. Anyone who would like to become an illusionist should know, that stunning tricks and natural talent are important factors - but practice and a long learning process are crucial. By: Arren Weathers published on December 04, 2012 The Coolest Zombie Stickers The Coolest Zombie Stickers Are you a zombie lover or a zombie hunter? No matter what you are and how you feel about these flesh-eating creatures, you can easily display your sentiment by sporting zombie bumper stickers that will make you an authority on these animated corpses. By: Vincent Ward published on December 02, 2012 Top 10 Most Popular Zombie Posters If youre still wondering why certain movies make it big in the box office while others do not even recoup their investments, then take a look at their posters. The top zombie movies will show you that viewers get more excited about a movie when it is supported by a great-looking . By: Vincent Ward published on December 03, 2012  Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 11 12 Next   Submit Articles | Blog | Author Guidelines | Mobile | Widgets | FAQ | Advertise | Resources | Privacy Policy | Terms of Services | Contact Copyright  2013 Sooper Articles - Free Articles . All Rights Reserved. Powered by: ISolution 