 Home  Industries  Automotive  Automotive supplier benchmarking report Learn how automotive suppliers have performed financially from 2009 to 2013. What does this mean for the next five years? Cash on the road 2013 Our annual working capital report finds improved WC performance. But will this trend continue and how will regional factors influence it? Mega trends shaping the Middle East light vehicle market Learn more about the Middle East light vehicle industry and how to navigate the challenges and opportunities. Automotive Capital Confidence Barometer Automotive executives are steadily trending toward an investing agenda. Find out more in our 7 th issue of the Automotive Capital Confidence Barometer. The Eurozone and the automotive sector Faced with global competition and weak demand, the automotive industry must rethink its strategy. Our insights can help on vehicle manufacturers, suppliers and dealers seize opportunities. Russian and CIS automotive industry Russia remains one of the most attractive markets in Europe. This report outlines our view of the current state and future development of the industry. China in transition: insights for global companies Our China Business Network offers insights on what global companies can expect from Chinas new leadership team and how to respond. Changing lanes: The automotive C-suite’s 2013–14 agenda What five themes may dominate the boardroom’s agenda for the next 18 months? We interviewed 32 partners about the challenges faced by their automotive clients. Expanding the electronic vehicle experience How can the automotive industry drive broad-based consumer adoption of EVs? Senior executives from the US and Europe share their thoughts. Automotive supplier benchmarking report Cash on the road 2013 Mega trends shaping the Middle East light vehicle market Automotive Capital Confidence Barometer The Eurozone and the automotive sector Russian and CIS automotive industry China in transition: insights for global companies Changing lanes: The automotive C-suite’s 2013–14 agenda Expanding the electronic vehicle experience Automotive Overview About our Automotive services Advisory Assurance Tax Transactions Contacts Library Press Integrated services for automotive manufacturers, suppliers and retailers Todays automotive industry is affected by many trends. Governments are tempering the need for revenue with increased competition for labor and capital. Tax authorities are adapting their enforcement strategies, focus and policies in response to the changing dynamics of business. Companies are balancing competing priorities, ensuring they maintain compliance while adding value. Through EYs Global Automotive Center, we can assist you with these critical issues. Our 7,000 automotive-focused professionals collaborate and share knowledge around the world, to provide consistent, high-quality service to our automotive clients. Key issues in today's automotive environment include: Close Share Mega trends impacting the next decade The global recession reset the automotive industry landscape. As the industry recovers, automotive companies across the value chain must focus on: profitable and sustainable growth financial and operational flexibility investments in new technologies seizing opportunities in high-growth markets Automotive companies should ask themselves the following five questions to help prepare for the next decade. How will products need to adapt? How will business models need to adapt? What are the new market dynamics? What are the supply/value chain issues and implications? How will demand for vehicles and mobility evolve? When we thought about the possible ways automakers could answer these questions, those answers led us to identify eight mega trends shaping the industry over the next decade. Knowing more about these mega trends can help you understand how your business can leverage opportunities in the industry. Related materials: Mega trends shaping the Southeast Asian light vehicle industry Mega trends shaping the global off-road commercial vehicle industry Mega trends shaping the commercial vehicle industry Mega trends shaping the global light vehicle industry Mega trends shaping the Chinese light vehicle industry Mega trends shaping the Indian passenger vehicle industry Video: mega trends shaping the next decade, part I Close Close Share Electric vehicles and alternative technologies The growing interest in alternative powertrain technologies, especially the increased electrification of vehicles, is affecting the entire automotive industry value chain and creating new mobility trends involving several new, non-automotive stakeholders. Existing vehicle manufacturers (VMs) are adding alternatively powered vehicles to their product line-ups, such as plug-in hybrids and pure electric vehicles, while new market entrants are using transformation of mobility drivers as their door into the automotive industry. Our Advanced Mobility Group is poised to help automotive companies navigate this transformation, including assistance with investment decision support, business process change, strategy and increased collaboration. Increasing your understanding of new opportunities is our goal. In addition to traditional automotive companies, we also work with: Cities looking for a sustainable EV infrastructure strategy Policy-makers designing EV industry support mechanisms to jump-start the market Utilities looking for new revenue streams and greater client engagement Companies that need business valuations for EV-related assets Fleet managers evaluating new powertrain architecture Finance executives assessing the tax and finance implications of leasing EVs Manufacturers looking for government incentives for RD and other projects Entrepreneurs trying to craft a winning business model VMs fine-tuning their downstream strategy Related materials: Expanding the electronic vehicle experience Reinventing urban mobility Beyond the plug: finding value in the electric vehicle charging ecosystem Global consumer views on PHEVs and EVs Cleantech matters: Seizing transformational opportunities Video: North American International Auto Show Video: Perspectives on China from the 2011 Shanghai Auto Show For more information, contact Jean-Francois Tremblay , Advanced Mobility Group Leader. Close Close Share Rapid-response guidance on current events In moments of crisis or unforeseen transitions, its important to have a support network to turn to for guidance. From natural disasters to company mergers and changes in tax regulations, automotive companies are not immune to the effects of the unexpected. Our global automotive analysts continuously monitor the industry's ecosystem to identify events that pose significant uncertainty - in terms of opportunities or risk - and assess potential outcomes and implications for stakeholders. Turn to us for industry specific rapid response guidance when youre faced with unexpected changes. Related materials: Changing lanes: The automotive C-suite's 2013-14 agenda Capital Confidence Barometer in the automotive industry The impact of Beijings license quota system on the Chinese automotive industry Close Close Share Emerging markets changing the automotive industry The rise of emerging markets gives the automotive industry a new business prospective. Challenges and opportunities exist in a growing middle class, evolving government regulations and increasing competition. Whether you have a tight focus on the BRIC countries or want to see the full range of emerging market growth, we provide a global perspective. Related materials: Russian and CIS automotive industry Mega trends shaping the Chinese light vehicle industry Mega trends in India's light vehicle industry Impact of Beijings license quota system The Central and Eastern European automotive market Video: Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition Video: Mexicos growing automotive industry Close Mega trends impacting the next decade » Electric vehicles and alternative technologies » Rapid-response guidance on current events » Emerging markets changing the automotive industry » Contact us Contact a member of our global team . Connect with us Stay connected with us through social media, email alerts or webcasts. Or download our EY Insights app for mobile devices.  Video: Global telematics update Anil Valsan, Lead Automotive analysis, and others share insights on the telematics industry. Visit our AutoBeat video library Video: Automotive Capital Confidence Barometer, 7th issue Jim Carter, Americas Automotive Transaction Advisory Leader, discusses our seventh Capital Confidence Barometer in the automotive industry. Automotive Viewpoints Looking for extra guidance on specific industry topics? Read our viewpoints on current issues. Broaden your experience EY is one of the most trusted, respected and influential organizations in the industry. Consider joining us . Follow us on Twitter Back to top Privacy Legal Accessibility Global Code of Conduct Site map Our locations Contact us EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst  Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst  Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. EY Client Portal Library About us Our values Our global approach Our leaders Global review Entrepreneurship Entrepreneur Of The Year Our people and culture Diversity and inclusiveness Our history Our awards Our alumni Corporate responsibility EY/Ethics hotline Newsroom PR contacts PR activities Analyst relations Facts and figures Connect with us Email alerts Mobile applications Social media Webcasts/podcasts Global (English) Location selector Remember my selection Global(English) Home Insights Business environment Driving growth Governance and reporting Public policy IFRS Managing finance Managing risk Operational effectiveness Talent management Capital and transactions Industries Automotive Cleantech Consumer Products Financial Services Asset Management Banking  Capital Markets Insurance Government  Public Sector Life Sciences Media  Entertainment Mining  Metals Oil  Gas Power  Utilities Private Equity Real Estate Technology Telecommunications Services Advisory About Advisory Services Performance Improvement Risk IT Advisory for Financial Services Assurance About Assurance Services Accounting Compliance and Reporting Climate Change and Sustainability Services Financial Accounting Advisory Services Financial Statement Audit Fraud Investigation  Dispute Services Tax About Our Global Tax Services Cash Tax Planning Country Tax Advisory Cross Border Tax Advisory Customs and International Trade Global Compliance and Reporting Human Capital Personal Taxes Tax Accounting Tax Performance Advisory Tax Policy and Controversy Transaction tax Transfer Pricing and Tax Effective Supply Chain Management VAT, GST and Other Sales Taxes Strategic Growth Markets Transactions About Transaction Advisory Services Lead Advisory Operational Transaction Services Restructuring Transaction Support Transaction Tax Valuation  Business Modelling Specialty Services Climate Change and Sustainability Services CertifyPoint China Overseas Investment Network Family Business Services French Business Network Japan Business Services Careers Students The EY difference Your role here Your development Life at EY Joining EY Experienced Advisory Assurance Tax Transactions Industries The EY difference Your development Life at EY Joining EY Executives The EY difference  