 Best Convertible Car Seat 2013 Top 3 Best Convertible Car Seats of 2013 by admin on March 28, 2013 A quality convertible car seat is an excellent investment since it ensures safety and reliability when you most need it. Deciding which one is right for your family can be as simple as determining the top 3 best rated convertible car seats of 2013. We have researched a variety of different brands, makes, and models and reviewed each one in detail to discover the top rated car seats that really stand out and are worth looking into. #1  Diono Radian RXT Featuring adjustable head support with 12 different height positions, and strong reinforcement on all sides, the Diono RadianRXT is without a doubt one of the best convertible car seats of 2013. It provides exceptional safety features and is overall made very well. Since it fits all children from birth up to 120 lbs, you can expect quality use out of it for several years to come  a great investment! Read Our Review >> #2  Recaro ProRIDE Another great choice is the Recaro ProRIDE Convertible Car Seat. Since it utilizes EPS energy absorbing foam, its able to withstand high impact and keep your child as safe as possible. With the Coolmesh air ventilation system, your baby or toddler will stay cozy and cool so there is never any complaining on those long road trips! Best of all, since the ProRIDE has integrated side impact protection  all 5 vulnerable areas are fully protected including the pelvis, torso, face, head, and neck. Read Our Review >> #3  Britax Marathon 70-G3 One of the safest choices a parent could make. The Britax Marathon 70-G3 showcases a wide array of advanced safety features such as the Harness Ultra Guard System that provides resistance to forward movement when youre in a car crash. Its designed with steel bars for its structure to ensure its capable of holding up to incredible amounts of force. Plus, it can be used until your child is 70 lbs! Read Our Review >> { 0 comments } RECARO Euro Convertible Seat Review June 9, 2013 If you’re looking for a car seat from a brand you can trust, then RECARO might just have the one that’s right for you! The famous brand that produces seats for sports and racing cars since 1906 has released its 2012 convertible car seat model called the RECARO Euro Convertible Seat. Quick Facts Product Dimensions [...] Read the full article  Combi Coccoro Lightweight Convertible Car Seat Review May 11, 2013 This innovative convertible car seat brand for babies gives function, style and comfort in a convertible car seat a whole new meaning. The lightweight convertible baby car seat of the Combi Coccoro brand is beautifully designed and can be easily installed in a matter of minutes. It guarantees more safety than most baby car seats [...] Read the full article  RECARO ProSPORT Combination Car Seat Review May 1, 2013 The RECARO ProSPORT Combination Car Seat is a new combination seat offered by Recaro that replaced the YoungSport. It provides a roomier space for kids, giving them ultimate comfort as they ride with you. The next time you go on a trip, rest assured that your kid will be protected especially on the vulnerable body [...] Read the full article  Peg Perego Convertible Premium Infant to Toddler Car Seat Review April 15, 2013 The Peg Perego Convertible Premium Infant to Toddler Car Seat is an excellent choice if youre looking for a car seat thats top of the line and full of a wealth of features that ensure safety for your child. It has very comfortable fabric, thick harness webbing, as well as a deluxe set of LATCH [...] Read the full article  Safety 1st Alpha Elite Convertible Car Seat Review April 4, 2013 The Safety First Alpha Elite is a convertible car seat that will grow with your child. It can be used for infants in the rear facing position until they weigh up to 35 pounds. After that, the seat can then be used for your toddler as a forward facing seat and then as a booster [...] Read the full article   Previous Entries Browse by Brand Britax Combi Diono Evenflo Graco Peg Perego Recaro Safety 1st  Recently Added RECARO Euro Convertible Seat Review Combi Coccoro Lightweight Convertible Car Seat Review RECARO ProSPORT Combination Car Seat Review Peg Perego Convertible Premium Infant to Toddler Car Seat Review Safety 1st Alpha Elite Convertible Car Seat Review Pages Disclosure Privacy Policy Copyright  20122013 TopConvertibleCarSeat.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to ("TopConvertibleCarSeat.com" (amazon.com, or endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com) WordPress Admin [if lte IE 8]>