 Movie Coupons Save money with movie coupons from the Entertainment Book  Fandango Bucks Movie Coupons from the Entertainment Book Each Entertainment Book comes with dozens of movie coupons for popular movie theaters. With movie ticket coupons you can buy movie tickets for as little as $5 or $6. Or call up some friends and make it an outing because when you buy two tickets, you get a third free! If you are a movie buff and you use all the tickets that come with your Entertainment Book, you can go online to the Entertainment.com homepage and purchase more movie tickets at the same low Entertainment Book price. Your Entertainment.com movie tickets will arrive in 7-10 business days. Discounts will vary depending on the theater and the city, but no matter where you are, you can save a lot with movie discounts from the Entertainment Book. Here is the complete list of participating movie theaters and prices: Theatre Chain Ticket Price Regal Cinemas, United Artists, and Edwards Theatres Movie Coupons $6.00/ticket Loews Cineplex, Cineplex Odeon, Star Theatres, and Magic Johnson Theatres Movie Coupons $5.50/ticket AMC Theatres Movie Coupons $6.00/ticket Cinemark Theatres Movie Coupons $5.50/ticket Showcase, Multiplex, and Cinema Deluxe Movie Coupons $5.00/ticket Fandango Bucks If you are looking for the perfect gift for a movie lover, check out Fandango Bucks customizable gift cards. Buying tickets on Fandango saves you time and money when going out to the movies and Fandango Bucks allows you to share the convenience and savings. It's easy to buy Fandango Bucks gift cards. Just decide how much you want to put on the card, pick out a fun design and include a personalized message if you like. The best part is you earn a special thank you gift with your Fandango Bucks purchase! Customize a Fandango Bucks gift card for someone today! Save on Entertainment Offers There are many ways to save on entertainment with Entertainment-Savings-Offers.com. Check out these articles to learn how you can save the most with the Entertainment Book, restaurant coupons, discount passes and cards, and more. Entertainment Book Savings Where to Buy the 2013 Entertainment Book Entertainment Book Coupons  Savings The Entertainment Card Tips for Saving with the Entertainment Book Restaurant Coupons  Savings Restaurant.com Coupon Code Restaurant Savings Restaurant Gift Certificates Restaurant Coupons and Gift Certificates Articles More Ways to Save Travel Coupons  Savings Movie Coupons Hotel Coupons  Savings Coupons  Coupon Codes Other Savings Offers 2014 Entertainment Book  Current Promotion: Buy the new 2014 Entertainment Book starting at $35, and get FREE shipping  Price: $35-50 Order the 2014 Entertainment Book  Enterziporpostalcode:  Entertainment Discount Offers: Entertainment Book Restaurant Coupons Discount Cards  Passes Six Flags Travel Savings and Discounts   Other Great Entertainment Offers:     Home: Entertainment Book and Restaurant Coupons 2014 Entertainment Book Entertainment Card Entertainment Book Restaurant Savings Entertainment Book Tickets  Attractions Entertainment Books by U.S. City Restaurant Coupons Restaurant Coupons Restaurant.com Coupon Code Restaurant Gift Certificates Restaurant Coupons by City Six Flags Tickets Six Flags Discount Tickets Six Flags Season Passes See All Six Flags Tickets Discount Cards  Passes GoCard Explorer Pass See All Discount Cards Travel Discounts  Savings Travelocity Promo Codes Travel Coupons Hotel Coupons Entertainment Book Lists : Entertainment Books by City |  Entertainment Books by State |  Entertainment Passbooks |  Entertainment Happenings Books | Canada Entertainment Books |  Guide : Entertainment Book List of Cities | Save with the Entertainment Book | Save with Restaurant Coupons |  Save with Travel Coupons |  Save with Movie Coupons |  Save with Coupons  Coupon Codes |  List all Guide articles About Link to Us Privacy Bookmark this Site Site Map  Page Last Updated: August 2013 Copyright 2003, 2013 Entertainment-Savings-Offers.com.   Entertainment-Savings-Offers.com and EntertainmentSavingsOffers.com are trademarks of Entertainment-Savings-Offers.com   Entertainment-Savings-Offers.com is an official affiliate of Entertainment.com and entertainmentbook.com. Comprised of great, money-saving coupons on dining out and entertainment, the 2014 Entertainment Book makes a great birthday gift, anniversary present or holiday surprise. Dining coupons from Restaurant.com are also popular options for Christmas gifts, wedding presents or a simple token of thanks.   Get discount movie tickets online with Entertainment Discount Book! 