 Auto mechanic From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search This article does not cite any references or sources . Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources . Unsourced material may be challenged and removed . (August 2013) A mechanic working on a Ford Focus rallye car. Mobile auto mechanic in Iran An auto mechanic (or car mechanic in British English and motor mechanic in Australian English ) is a mechanic with a variety of automobile makes or either in a specific area or in a specific make of automobile. In repairing cars, their main role is to diagnose the problem accurately and quickly. They often have to quote prices for their customers before commencing work or after partial dis-assembly for inspection. Their job may involve the repair of a specific part or the replacement of one or more parts as assemblies. Basic vehicle maintenance is a fundamental part of a mechanic's work in modern industrialized countries, while in others they are only consulted when a vehicle is already showing signs of malfunction. Preventative maintenance is also a fundamental part of a mechanic's job, but this is not possible in the case of vehicles that are not regularly maintained by a mechanic. One misunderstood aspect of preventative maintenance is scheduled replacement of various parts, which occurs before failure to avoid far more expensive damage. Because this means that parts are replaced before any problem is observed, many vehicle owners will not understand why the expense is necessary. With the rapid advancement in technology, the mechanic's job has evolved from purely mechanical, to include electronic technology. Because vehicles today possess complex computer and electronic systems, mechanics need to have a broader base of knowledge than in the past. Due to the increasingly labyrinthine nature of the technology that is now incorporated into automobiles, most automobile dealerships and independent workshops now provide sophisticated diagnostic computers to each technician, without which they would be unable to diagnose or repair a vehicle. Contents 1 Education 1.1 USA 2 Related careers [ 1 ] 2.1 Pit crews 3 References 4 External links Education [ edit source  | edit ] USA [ edit source  | edit ] In the United States , several programs and schools that offer training for those interested in pursuing competencies as an automotive mechanic or as an auto technician already exist. Areas include powertrain repair and diagnosis, emissions, and suspension. The National Automotive Technicians Education Foundation (NATEF) is responsible for evaluating technician training programs against standards developed by the automotive industry. NATEF certifies programs in four different categories: automotive, auto body, trucks (diesel technology) and alternative fuels. Some mechanics are ASE certified, which is a standardized method of testing skill and knowledge level. While it's not required by law for a mechanic to be certified, some companies only hire or promote employees who have passed ASE tests. The technology used in automobiles changes very rapidly and the mechanic must be prepared to learn these new technologies and systems. The auto mechanic has a physically demanding job, often exposed to extreme temperatures, lifting heavy objects and staying in uncomfortable positions for extended periods. They also deal with exposure to gasoline, asbestos, and other toxic chemicals. The Internet is even spreading to mechanics, with certified mechanics providing advice online. Mechanics themselves now regularly use the Internet for information to help them in diagnosing and/or repairing vehicles. Service manuals for vehicles have become significantly less prevalent with computers that are connected to the Internet taking their place. Related careers [ 1 ] [ edit source  | edit ] A mechanic may opt to engage in other careers related to his or her field. Teaching of automotive trade courses, for example, is almost entirely carried out by qualified mechanics in many countries. There are several other trade qualifications for working on motor vehicles, including panel beater , spray painter , body builder and motorcycle mechanic . In most developed countries, these are separate trade courses, but a qualified trades-person from one can change to working as another. This usually requires that they work under another trades-person in much the same way as an apprentice. Auto body repair involves less work with oily and greasy parts of vehicles, but involves exposure to particulate dust from sanding bodywork and potentially toxic chemical fumes from paint and related products. Salespeople and dealers often also need to acquire an in-depth knowledge of cars, and some mechanics are successful in these roles because of their knowledge. Auto mechanics also need to stay updated with all the leading car companies as well as new launching cars. One has to study continuously on new technology engines and their work systems. Pit crews [ edit source  | edit ] Pit crews for motor racing are a specialized form of work undertaken by some mechanics. It is sometimes portrayed as glamorous in movies and television and is considered prestigious in some parts of the automotive industry. Working in a pit crew in professional racing circuits is dangerous and very stressful work but usually pays highly. This work is sometimes perceived as being difficult to come by because of the skill levels required. References [ edit source  | edit ] ^ http://www.carolina-tire.com External links [ edit source  | edit ] Princeton Review, Career Profiles Wikibooks has a book on the topic of: Automobile Repair Wikimedia Commons has media related to: Automobile repair NewPP limit reportCPU time usage: 0.468 secondsReal time usage: 0.519 secondsPreprocessor visited node count: 669/1000000Preprocessor generated node count: 5631/1500000Post‐expand include size: 9594/2048000 bytesTemplate argument size: 3442/2048000 bytesHighest expansion depth: 19/40Expensive parser function count: 1/500Lua time usage: 0.008sLua memory usage: 463 KB Retrieved from " http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Auto_mechanicoldid=569479868 " Categories : Automobile maintenance Industrial occupations Hidden categories: Articles lacking sources from August 2013 All articles lacking sources Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit source Edit View history Actions Search  Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Toolbox What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages Deutsch فارسی Français Bahasa Melayu 日本語 Norsk bokmål Русский Simple English Edit links This page was last modified on 20 August 2013 at 21:29. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License ;additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view  