 Home  Arts and Entertainment Tweet Film, Stage, Music, Dining, more Art | Night Beat Dangerous Muse and Shea Van Horn perform at Art Museum of the Americas nighttime party Published on August 22, 2013, 7:35am A few years ago, Shea Van Horn performed at night on the National Mall as part of the Hirshhorn Museum's After Hours programming. Next Thursday, Aug. 29, Van Horn will nearly repeat the experience -- though this time with a performance a couple blocks off the Mall at the gorgeous Art Museum of the Americas (AMA). And this time as DJ Shea Van Horn, not drag performer Summer Camp. {''Untitled'' by Wilfredo Lam (Photo courtesy of the Art Museum of ... [ Read ] Tweet Music | Celebrating Freedom Lisner Auditorium hosts free music-centered event honoring March on Washington Published on August 22, 2013, 7:31am ''There's so much going on in the seven days leading up to the 28th,'' says Terri Harris Reed of The George Washington University, referring to the 50th Anniversary of the March on Washington, which occurred Aug. 28, 1963. ''We were thinking about what we could do that contributed to that celebration/commemoration/conversation, but that was a little bit different,'' continues Reed, vice provost for diversity and inclusion at the university. {Frederic Yonnet (Photo by Stephanie Pistel)} Organizers settled on a multimedia ... [ Read ] Tweet Stage | Diva Worship Off-Broadways one-man play Buyer and Cellar digs deep into Barbra Streisand Published on August 15, 2013, 6:31am Did you know Barbra Streisand built an underground shopping mall at her Malibu, Calif., home? The stores display the many clothes and collectibles she's acquired over the decades. {Buyer and Cellar: Michael Urie (Photo by Sandra Coudert)} No, that is not a joke. Playwright Jonathan Tolins took that little factual detail, as revealed and documented in Streisand's 2010 book My Passion for Design, and ran with it, creating a whole one-man show exploring what it might be like to work ... [ Read ] Tweet Music | Red Hot Tears Eric Himan sings sweetly, tearfully about his late grandmother Published on August 15, 2013, 6:27am Eric Himan broke down in the studio while recording ''Gracefully,'' a song he wrote about his grandmother, who died last year. ''I'm never very emotional in the studio,'' Himan says, ''but that song, because it was so fresh, I just cried my way through the song.'' {Eric Himan and the Soultre Singers: Tylisha Oliver, Eric Himan and Tina Phillips (Photo by Jeremy Charles)} The moment even brought tears to Himan's producer, who insisted -- over Himan's initial objections -- on ... [ Read ] Tweet Film | Whitaker and Winfrey Make Magic The Butler offers an exciting and compelling storytelling, while Kick-Ass 2 fails to save the day Published on August 15, 2013, 6:20am The Butler is modern American melodrama at its finest. A stirring fictionalization of the life of a White House butler, its inspiring tale masks a compelling story about the conflict between a father and son set against the Civil Rights Movement. This movie feels revolutionary for two reasons: Director Lee Daniels has fun with a genre that rarely even cracks a smile, and he does so with black actors cast in every major role. Daniels uses a hemmed in, straightforward ... [ Read ] Tweet Film | Orbiting Aristocrats Elysium shoots for a message on inequality, but ends up as good-looking gore Published on August 8, 2013, 6:44am If I never see another human body explode, it'll be too soon -- and it's all Neill Blomkamp's fault. The South African filmmaker made his bones four years ago with District 9, an unusual sci-fi allegory inspired by apartheid, but his sophomore follow-up, Elysium, abandons that precision and sense of purpose for a bold, confusing sort of grand ambition. This movie is a mess of social polemics, dull palace intrigue, and by-the-numbers manipulations that don't elicit emotional responses as often ... [ Read ] Tweet Music | Ultras Altar Ultra Nates new set, rich in dance diversity and diva house tunes, respects her house heroes Published on August 1, 2013, 12:39am Electronic/dance music, or EDM, is a singles-driven genre, so you don't expect EDM artists to produce albums as regularly as you do those in other genres -- in pop music, roughly every two or three years. (I'm talking here about true artists, singer/songwriter types, not the DJ/producers who can and do quickly crank out sets of songs with little in the way of common theme or personality, and a different vocalist on every track.) Ultra Nat, for example, has taken ... [ Read ] Tweet Art | Blood Feud Artist Mary Coble set to challenge the FDAs ban on gay blood donations with Corcoran piece Published on August 1, 2013, 12:34am Flying back to the U.S. with her Danish wife in July, Mary Coble was welcomed  albeit politely  with some institutional homophobia. So many same-sex families know the drill: Families approach the passport control counter together. But until the Supreme Court struck down Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act in the end of June, that definition of family didn't necessarily apply to same-sex spouses as far as the Department of Homeland Security, responsible for border crossings, was ... [ Read ] Tweet Stage | Modern Marriage The American Century Theaters same-sex twist on I Do! I Do! Published on August 1, 2013, 12:29am ''It's a musical I never thought I'd end up directing, that's for sure,'' says Jack Marshall of I Do! I Do! ''I actually avoided seeing it for a long time because it just sounded in its construction like such a typical programmed, cornball musical.'' Writer Tom Jones and composer Harvey Schmidt, the team best known for the '60s-era musicals The Fantasticks and 110 in the Shade, created the two-person show I Do! I Do! in 1966 as a star vehicle ... [ Read ] Tweet Music | Hear Queer Dont miss appealing new music from Cheyenne Jackson, Beach and Marques Toliver Published on July 25, 2013, 5:14am {Cheyenne Jackson (Photo by Karl Simone)} THE PAST COUPLE YEARS, YOU HAVEN'T BEEN able to turn on the radio without hearing the soaring work of Sia Furler, whether as featured vocalist (for example, David Guetta's ''Titanium'') or as lead writer (Rihanna's ''Diamonds''). Soon enough we'll hear new work, recorded on Britney Spears's forthcoming album. But if there's any justice in the world, next on the radio will be one of the three tracks the bisexual Aussie co-wrote with her gay ... [ Read ] Tweet  Youre Next: One bloody homage after another MOW50: 5 Things to See and Do Marketplace Call 202-638-6830 to advertise here in Marketplace Today's Most Popular Articles War Over Molotovs Words (News) Icona Pride (Feature Story) Equality Maryland PAC in Election Mode (News) New Mexico Supreme Court rules photographer cannot deny services to same-sex couple (Poliglot) Coverboy: Jesse (Coverboy Interview) Andreas Ocando (Feature Story) 25 Gay Films Everyone Should See, Part 3D (Feature Story) LGBT Groups To Picket Molotov Concert (News) The Top 5 Songs of Summer 2013 (Feature Story) Laverne Cox Rocks (Feature Story) Request a Rate Card | About Us | RSS Feeds | Archive | Join Our Mailing List Washington, D.C.'s Gay  Lesbian News Magazine  Published In Print Every Thursday Since 1994 Copyright 2013  Jansi, LLC.  1012 14th Street, NW; Suite 209; Washington, DC 20005  (202) 638-6830  Feature News Arts Community Scene Nightlife Polls Video Blogs Feature Articles Last Word News National Opinion Poliglot World Out On the Town Spotlight Film Games Music Stage Tech [ more ] Community Calendar Business Directory of LGBT Groups Marketplace [ more ] Event Photos Video Nightlife Calendar Gay Bar Guide Clublife Coverboy Poliglot Elsewhere Foodwise Last Word Technocrat Spotlight  Contact Us Pick up a copy Be a Coverboy Join our Mailing List Request a Rate Card 