  ClubXB Classifieds Scion xB Forums Scion xB Articles Scion xB Pictures Members List Search Today's Posts Mark Forums Read Register About Us  Scion xB Forum  Community Forums  Car Talk WE ARE DRIVEN - Automotive Tuning Culture Documentary  User Name Remember Me? Password  Car Talk General car discussion.  Thread Tools 03-17-2013, 11:10 PM # 1 njforcedlife77 Registered User Join Date: Jul 2007 Location: dirty jer-z Posts: 345 WE ARE DRIVEN - Automotive Tuning Culture Documentary Got to grace the cover of this film being made so want to share a great film coming out cant wait to see footage of my xB. WE ARE DRIVEN - Official Trailer - Automotive Tuning Culture Documentary (OUT JUNE 9TH) You Tube You Tube  http://www.Facebook.com/halcyonphoto http://www.Facebook.com/wearedriven We Are Driven is a documentary film about the aftermarket car culture and lifestyle; releasing June 9th. It's the little things that happen at shows, meets, get together's that make the culture of the automotive aftermarket something truly unique. It's a culture that brings everyone together regardless of age, ethnicity, sex, economic status, or any difference that may exist. Whether you modify your car for looks, speed, to drift or drag, like it slammed to the floor with tight fitment, equipped with a rare kit or prefer an OEM+ look, JDM, Euro, VIP, Domestic, Exotic... - if you love what you do, we are all equal. This is all portrayed in the documentary film We Are Driven. Over the past 2 years, we have been out at countless shows, meets, get together's. Traveled the country from the Northeast to the South, all the way out West to Long Beach, California. Interviewed with some of the best known and most influential names in the game, whether it be a performance shop, culture blog, enthusiast, photographer/ videographer, event curator, we have reached out and touched all ends of the car lifestyle to truly understand what it is about the scene that makes it so unique, and make all enthusiasts so passionate about what they do. Last edited by SAKURA; 03-20-2013 at 05:40 PM .. njforcedlife77 View Public Profile View My Pictures Send a private message to njforcedlife77 Visit njforcedlife77's homepage! Find More Posts by njforcedlife77  Advertisement [Remove Advertisement] CrowdAds   Previous Thread | Next Thread  Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page  Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules  Scion xB Forums Scion xB Forum Scion xB Audio Scion xB Electrical Scion xB Appearance Scion xB Performance Scion xB Wheels  » Site Sponsors  Top 10 Threads  » Site Supporters All times are GMT -5. The time now is 04:56 PM .  Scion xB Home | Scion xB Forum | Scion xb Articles | Members | Scion xB Pictures  Powered by vBulletin Version 3.8.7 Copyright 2000 - 2013, vBulletin Solutions, Inc. Copyright  2006 - 2009 Club xB Forums | About Club xB Forums | Advertisers | Investors | Legal | A member of the Crowdgather Forum Community  