Convertible Car Magazine The worlds best convertible cars Skip to content Home Convertible Car News Buyers Guide Features Reviews Subscribe Convertible Car Buyer's Guide Our Buying Guide gives you a breakdown of all the best convertible cars for sale around the world. Convertibles by Brand Please Choose Acrea Aixam Alfa Romeo Allard Ariel Aston Martin Audi BAC Bentley BMW Brabus Brooke Bugatti Cadillac Caparo Caterham Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Daihatsu Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford Ginetta GTM Honda Infiniti Jaguar Jeep KTM Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Leopard Lexus Lotus Lucra Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes Benz MG Mini Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Norster Pagani Panoz Peugeot PGO Pontiac Porsche Renault Rolls-Royce Saab San Saturn Smart Spyker Tauro Tesla Toyota TVR Twike Vauxhall-Opel Venturi Veritas Volkswagen Volvo Westfield Wiesmann YES! Convertibles by Type Please Choose 4 Seater Convertibles 5 Seater Convertibles Convertible Supercars Convertible Track Day Cars Convertibles that run on Diesel Convertibles that run on Super Unleaded Petrol Convertibles that run on Unleaded Petrol Convertibles with no roof Economical Convertibles Electric Convertible Cars Fabric Roof Convertibles Four-Wheel-Drive Convertibles Hardtop Convertibles Low Carbon Convertible Cars Luxury Convertible Cars Mid-sized Convertible Cars Premium Convertible Cars Roadsters Small Convertibles Vauxhall/Opel Adam Convertible GMs European brands Vauxhall and Opel have confirmed that a convertible based on their Adam super-mini and Adam Rocks Concept unveiled in Geneva last year, will go into production. Launching in 2014 it will go head to head with the popular Fiat 500C and Citroen DS3 Cabriolet with which it will share a similar style [...] More... Morgan 3 Wheeler Proves a Success Morgan is unique in the automotive world for their continued success over many decades with minimal changes to their car designs. They may have some more modern offerings but the majority of their cars stick closely to their 1930s ancestors. It didnt come as much of a surprise then when the new model they announced [...] More... VW Golf Cabriolet Review The VW Golf Cabriolet is an icon. In 1980 it was among the very first convertible versions of a hatchback car and in terms of sales the most successful. Its tough to build new version of an iconic car and this latest version was a long time coming with the previous model going out of production back in 2002. More... New Convertible Cars for 2013 The convertible car industry will make a major resurgence in 2013; shaking off the last traces of global recession with a host of new cars. Many of these have already been previewed at auto shows around the world while others have been spotted during their development programmes. Take a look at what the future holds for convertible cars. More... Latest News Vauxhall/Opel Cascada adds new engine option Vauxhall/Opel Adam Convertible Morgan 3 Wheeler Proves a Success VĹŞHL 05 nears production Popular Articles Hardtop Convertibles New Convertible Cars for 2013 4 Seater Convertibles Convertible Car Insurance Latest Reviews VW Golf Cabriolet Review Volvo C70 Convertible Review Fiat 500C Review Mazda MX-5 Miata Roadster Coupe ... Latest Features New Convertible Cars for 2013 Renovo Product Review - Reviving... Convertible and Cabriolet what's... New Convertible Cars for 2012 Convertible Car Magazine  The Best Roadsters, Cabriolets and Convertible Cars Convertible Car Magazine is a leading international motoring website focused on convertible cars of all types from compact sports roadsters to the most practical large 4 and 5 seat cabriolets. We give our readers up to the minute news from the worldwide auto industry along with regular articles, reviews, a detailed convertible car buying guide of open-top cars built in the last decade and a fascinating guide to classic convertibles. Join our free mailing list for regular updates. Convertible Car Magazine Home About us Contact us Privacy Policy Classic Convertibles Follow us on Twitter Convertible Car Videos News Archive Convertible Car Magazine is an international source of information on the best convertibles, roadsters and cabriolet cars. The site is dedicated to cabriolets and has all the top convertable cars including soft-top fabric and hardtop convertibles. Our buying guide offers a brief view of each individual new convertible for sale along with the car\'s full specs. ÂŠ 2006- 2013 Convertible Car Magazine . All rights reserved. Design by Phoot .