Aug. 27th 2013 Today's Paper Weather 77 F Traffic Surf Subscribe/Login  News Local Topics Communities North County Nation World Watchdog Obituaries  Close  News Rep. Hunter urges support of Syrian militia Business Biotech Economy Energy Growth Real Estate Retail Technology Tourism  Close  Business Home price gains in SD outpace US U-T TV Watch Live Shows Personalities Channels Recurring Segments  Close    U-T TV    Watch Live Now!  Military U-T in Afghanistan WWII  Close  Military More Pacific goodwill missions to come? U-T Offers Daily Deals Contests Coupons Newspaper Ads U-T Rewards  Close  U-T Offers Up to 53% Off San Diego Padres Tickets - 3 Seating Options Real Estate Homes for Sale Open Homes Foreclosures Mortgages Rentals Commercial Place an Ad New Homes  Close    Industry Update    Model Grand Opening at Contempo this Saturday, July 13th – SWEET TREATS CUPCAKE GIVEAWAY TO FIRST 150 GUESTS   Sports Chargers / NFL Padres / MLB Aztecs Toreros Xolos / Soccer High School / Preps  Close  Sports Max Starks fighting for roster spot Entertainment Events DiscoverSD Dining & Drinking Music Performing Arts Arts & Culture Lifestyle Things To Do  Close  Entertainment Mischief a musical-theater rarity Video News Sports Chargers Padres Entertainment  Close  Video Borrego springs Storm 2013 Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Steve Breen Seeing Red  Close  Opinion How to submit letters, commentaries to the U-T Classifieds Jobs Merchandise Legal Pets Place an Ad Obituaries  Close  Cars Sell Your Car Buy a Car Research Cars Finance Find a Dealer  Close  86 New Articles       We've updated our privacy policy Entertainment Mischief a musical-theater rarity A fast casual eatery for veggie lovers Old Globe, USD shape world of theater Fashion goes forward at local clothing drive 2 Chainz, 2 showz in San Diego Athenaeum Jazz sets fall season Labor Day weekend party guide Friends unite for photographers legacy NBCs Talent features Torrey Pines HS grad Bach Collegium bound for New York Connect with the U-T      Sign Up for Email Alerts  View all Events Today's Events Community Family Music Outdoors/Sports Performing Arts Full Calendar Add an Event Full Calendar Add an Event Full Calendar Add an Event Full Calendar Add an Event Full Calendar Add an Event Full Calendar Add an Event Events Mira Mesas hop-infused festival This weekends top events Border weekend: Chiles en nogada, blues, and jazz San Diego: This Weekend video 20 years of Spike  Mike animation festival Music World twerking record this weekend? Lady Antebellum tour San Diego-bound Athenaeum Jazz sets fall season Bach Collegium bound for New York 2 Chainz, 2 showz in San Diego Dining & Drinking Trend watch: party sushi A fast casual eatery for veggie lovers Where to stock your home bar Whats hot on the menu? Whats replacing The Linkery, Gingham? Performing Arts Mischief a musical-theater rarity Comic Wedding earns respectful reception Old Globe, USD shape world of theater Theater fans soaking up immersive work Frankenstein scares up laughs Arts  Culture Recovery of stolen Lorax is Audrey Geisel birthday gift Bach Collegium bound for New York Friends unite for photographers legacy Maynard turns eye to sisterhood Life is good with Cho-Liang Lin Movies James Brown biopic to be filmed in Mississippi Russell Doughten, evangelical filmmaker, dies Citizen critics: The Worlds End Movie review: The Worlds End Affleck to play Batman in Man of Steel sequel TV  Entertainment The top iPhone and iPad apps on App Store The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store Caroline Kennedy to join March on Washington rally Spotifys Top 10 most viral tracks Spotifys Top 10 most streamed tracks DiscoverSD Trend watch: party sushi Fashion goes forward at local clothing drive Celebrity grills gone wild Where to stock your home bar Labor Day weekend party guide Beer Mira Mesas hop-infused festival Five frothy beer events for this weekend Pint-sized Pour: Anchors saison, Fort Ross Farmhouse Ale This weekends five best beer events - and some free food! Clothes swap, craft beer and film fest on tap Saturday Celebrities Wayne Brady visits S.D. Rep; XETV 6 adds news director Celebrity grills gone wild Kate Gosselin sues ex over book, alleges hacking Rosanna Arquette weds money manager Betty Whites wild side: kissing a kangaroo Related Whats Trending San Diego? (8-26) Mayer Talks How Duet With Perry Made Him Feel Gayle Skidmore - Lover You Shouldve Come Over (live on Night + Day) New Music Tuesday Live from the 4th Floor: Mike Keneally Jeff Buckley Tribute Concert Latest Stories  Night  Day on U-T TV Theater  Performing Arts Mischief a musical-theater rarity Aug 27, 2013, 12:49 p.m. North Coast Rep is staging revival of obscure, once-popular 1960s piece. DiscoverSD Trend watch: party sushi Aug 27, 2013, 12:29 p.m. Is sushi the perfect pre-party meal? Two new social sushi restaurants have popped up downtown this summer... Music World twerking record this weekend? Aug 27, 2013, 10:45 a.m. Diplo, who plays in San Diego Sept. 15, seeks a world twerking record Sunday in N.Y. Theater  Performing Arts Comic Wedding earns respectful reception Aug 27, 2013, 7:59 a.m. Dinner-theater musical in Escondido, is tuneful, occasionally awkward. Get Mobile. U-T in the App Store Music Lady Antebellum tour San Diego-bound Updated Aug 27, 2013, 1:06 p.m. Got plans? Top country-pop trio Lady Antebellum will perform in San Diego in March. Making A Difference Corpsman volunteer at Benno’s Aug 27, 2013, 7 a.m. Naval Corpsmen spent Monday volunteering at Brother Benno’s thrift store in Oceanside. Lifestyle Senior Center open Saturdays Aug 27, 2013, 7 a.m. The Carlsbad Senior Center will be opening its doors on Saturdays starting Sept. 7. Personal Health Health apps Aug 27, 2013, 6 a.m. Many businesses benefit financially from customers who want to run or become slimmer.  Watch U-T TV Live Retail and Restaurants A fast casual eatery for veggie lovers Aug 27, 2013, 6 a.m. San Diego is getting its first Veggie Grill, a meat-free concept thats opened in UTC. Personal Health Health apps connect doctors, patients Aug 27, 2013, 6 a.m. Smartphone applications can track health-related things, from calories to miles jogged. People Wayne Brady visits S.D. Rep; XETV 6 adds news director Aug 26, 2013, 8:47 p.m. Wayne Brady visits the Rep; Don Shafer joins XETV San Diego 6 as news director.   Older  Lifestyle  Home and Garden How to prep ... Ask Jennifer: Mother-in-laws ... San Diegos best ... Blogger creates pop-up ...  Food Take command of ... Border weekend: Chiles ... Buckwheat: A superfood A primer on ...  People Recovery of stolen ... Bus trip leads ... This weekends top ... Steve Cushman to ...  Pets Medical advances aiding ... Pet Rx: Prompt ... Dirty dogs? Mobile ... Saturday is last ...  Personal Health Senior Center open ... Health apps Health apps connect ... Is confusion ensured?  Travel Italy: Ciao bella! San Diegos best ... Asheville was home ... River cruising gains ...  Making a Difference Corpsman volunteer at ... Mentor mom helps ... Change fueled by ... Orphans get the ...  Guides  What are you ... Tips on choosing ... San Diego: a ... Remodel opens up ... Top Galleries View Gallery Steely Dan at Humphreys Steely Dan performed at Humphreys Concerts by the Bay Wednesday night to a sold out crowd, most of whom remember the bands brand of rock, jazz, blues and pop that permeated the airwaves in the 1970s. Keyboardist and vocalist Donald Fagen and guitarist and bassist Walter Becker have toured often since reuniting twenty years ago. View Gallery The Good Vibes Summer Tour 2013 View Gallery Phish at the Hollywood Bowl View Gallery Unity Tour 2013 View Gallery Tom Cruise surprises Comic-Con Tom Cruise made a surprise visit to Comic Con with co-stars Emily Blunt and Bill Paxton to promote their upcoming film Edge of Tomorrow. The three signed autographs for fans a huge crowd tried to get a peek. Photography by K.C. Alfred UT San Diego View Gallery Vans Warped Tour 2013 The Vans Warped Tour touched down at the Sleep Train Amphitheater in Chula Vista Wednesday. UT San Diego View Gallery Faces of Comic-Con 2013 Day 2 Sights and scenes from day 2 at Comic-Con. Photography by K.C. Alfred UT San Diego View Gallery James Gandolfini 1961-2013 James Joseph Gandolfini, Jr. was an actor best known for his role in The Sopranos as Tony Soprano, a troubled crime boss struggling to balance his family life and career in the Mafia. He died of a heart attack June 19, 2013 while vacationing in Italy with his family. He was 51. AP View Gallery Cyndi Lauper in San Diego View All Latest Entertainment Galleries AMC La Jolla gets upgrades  The AMC theater in La Jolla Village is the first in a pilot program in San Diego to feature all recliner seats and two bars. Photography by Earnie Grafton/UT San Diego.  View Gallery Miracle Babies: Casino Royale  Casino Royale was a black-tie fundraiser for Miracle Babies organization held at the Hyatt Aventine La Jolla on Saturday, August 10. Photos by Vincent Andrunas  View Gallery SummerFest Gala  The La Jolla Music Society’s SummerFest Gala was a Midsummer Night’s Dream-themed evening overlooking the ocean at a private residence in La Jolla on Saturday, August 10. SummerFest artists performed an intimate concert, including Philippe Quint, Michelle Kim, Eric Wong, Felix Umansky, Steven Lin and SummerFest Music Director Cho-liang Lin. Photos by Jesse Arroyo.  View Gallery Jewel Ball  They’ve done it again, those dedicated ladies of Las Patronas. They held their annual Jewel Ball last Saturday night, and with all the “chances” they took, they were lucky to get away with it. Luck was at the center of this year’s theme. The black-tie event, titled “Lucky 13,” fearlessly flaunted the silly superstitions that strike fear in the hearts of so many otherwise-intelligent people. The title is rumored to have come from both the year (it’s 2013, you know), and from the fact that this was the 67th Jewel Ball and six plus seven equals 13. -- Vincent Andrunas  View Gallery Napa Tour 2013  Take a tour of some of the cool spots to visit in the Napa Valley. Wineries, restaurants, and histoirc sites.  View Gallery Patrons of the Prado  San Diego is fortunate to have, among the ranks of its philanthropists and preservationists, a group of forward-thinking women whose mission is to raise funds to benefit 11 major arts and cultural organizations located in Balboa Park. Fittingly called Patrons of the Prado (PoP), the organization celebrates Balboa Park’s past, supports her future, and hosts fabulous fundraising galas annually. The latest, held July 14, was essentially the kickoff for the park’s coming Centennial Celebration.Titled “Passport to Adventure,” the event recalled early San Diego’s ambitious 1915 Panama-California Exposition, which itself celebrated the completion of the Panama Canal and was, in essence, the origin of our beloved Balboa Park. The venue, the San Diego Natural History Museum (SDNHM), was one of the beneficiaries of this year’s fundraiser, along with the San Diego Junior Theatre. -- Vincent Andrunas  View Gallery Superhero Soiree  Knowing that the Comic-Con convention would be in town, the folks at Meals-on-Wheels had the brilliant idea — and what a brilliant idea it was — to have a “Superhero Soirée” theme for their annual fundraising gala, which took place last weekend, during the convention’s run. As a result, many guests resembled Comic-Con refugees, costumed as Superman, Batman, and other colorful characters. -- Vincent Andrunas  View Gallery Sideways opening reception  Those superbly creative folks at the La Jolla Playhouse (LJP) are doing what they do best, producing one great play after another. “Tribes,” an eye-opening play about dealing with deafness, debuted June 25. Its closing performance was July 21, the same evening that “Sideways” opened elsewhere in the theatre complex. Directed by the ever-popular Des McAnuff, “Sideways” is a new play from Rex Pickett’s novel (and the familiar 2004 hit movie) of the same name — the comedy-drama of Miles and Jack’s “oneophilial odyssey;” a last central California wine tasting buddy-trip before Jack’s looming weekend wedding. -- Vincent Andrunas  View Gallery Supernatural at Comic Con  Actors Jared Padalecki, Misha Collins, and Jensen Ackles of the television show Supernatural signed autographs at Comic-Con on Sunday, July 21, 2013. Photography by K.C. Alfred  View Gallery Breaking Bad at Comic Con  The cast of the AMC show Breaking Bad appeared in Hall H at Comic Con for a panel discussion on Sunday, July 28, 2013. Photography by K.C. Alfred  View Gallery Comic-Con 2013 Day 4  Comic-con came to a wrap on family day on Sunday, July 21, 2013. Photography by K.C. Alfred and Peggy Peattie  View Gallery Faces of Comic-Con 2013 Day 3  Faces of Comic-Con 2013 Day 3. Photography by Nelvin C. Cepeda | Twitter @Nelcepeda  View Gallery Sandra Bullock at Comic-Con  Sandra Bullock promoted her upcoming film Gravity at Comic-Con on Saturday. Photography by K.C. Alfred  View Gallery Bat Man at the Con   View Gallery Superman at the Con   View Gallery Comic-Con Instantly Classic  Thousands of people make passing photos at Comic-Con, many of them with a smart phone. Heres our take on cell phone pics at the Con. Images by James Gregg.  View Gallery Comic-Con 2013 Day 2  Comic-Con 2013 Day 2 in San Diego. Photography by Nelvin C. Cepeda | Twitter @NelCepeda  View Gallery Hall H: Game of Thrones   View Gallery Faces of Comic-Con 2013 Day 2  Sights and scenes from day 2 at Comic-Con. Photography by K.C. Alfred  View Gallery Faces of Comic-Con 2013  Comic-Con got up to full speed Thursday downtown at the Convention Center. Downtown filled up with people dressed as their favorite characters.  View Gallery Tux n Tennies  San Diego Symphonys Tux n Tennies benefit. Photos by Vincent Andrunas  View Gallery Bucky Lasek  At 40, professional skateboarder Bucky Lasek is on top of his game, winning the last three X-Games in the vert ramp, as well as winning the recent Pro-Tech Pool Party and Dew Tour contests. Photography by K.C. Alfred  View Gallery Fleetwood Mac in San Diego  Fleetwood Mac performed live at SDSUs Viejas Arena on Friday, July 5.  View Gallery Model Railroad scavenger hunt   Can you find these 10 tiny scenes at the San Diego Model Railroad Museum?  View Gallery Columnists  Reporters Chris Cantore Arts  Entertainment 2 Chainz, 2 showz in San Diego San Diego: This Weekend video San Diego: This Weekend video Diane Bell People, Sunday Wayne Brady visits S.D. Rep; XETV 6 adds news director Recovery of stolen Lorax is Audrey Geisel birthday gift Bus trip leads San Diegan to siblings she never knew Pam Kragen North County Medical advances aiding sickly pets Friends unite for photographers legacy Friends step up for injured barrel racer James Hebert Arts  Entertainment Mischief a musical-theater rarity Comic Wedding earns respectful reception Theater fans soaking up immersive work  Get Daily Deals at U-T Offers Facebook Twitter Tweets by @UTsandiego  Get Mobile. U-T in the App Store  News Sports Business Entertainment U-T TV U-T Video Military Opinion U-T Offers Classifieds Real Estate Cars U-T San Diego Contact Us Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Subscription Terms  Conditions Newspaper in Education Connect with the U-T      Sign Up for Email Alerts Help Customer Service Manage Subscription Vacation Stop Quick Links Apps Mobile E-edition Guides Archives Buy U-T Photo Business Listings Special Ad Sections Forums Crossword Sudoku Horoscope Gas Prices Lottery WSRadio U-T San Diego Upgrade your browsing experience with a paid subscription to the U-T. Subscribe  1995-2013 The San Diego Union-Tribune, LLC | An MLIM Company | All Rights Reserved | 350 Camino de la Reina, San Diego, CA 92108 | Site by Mindgruve