  3rd Grade English Language Arts Give students a thought and they will learn for a day. Teach them to THINK and they will learn for a lifetime. A mind, stretched by a new idea, can never go back to its original dimension. ~Oliver Wendell Holmes~  Monday, January 14, 2008 Book Club Literature Circles Dear Families, This week we will start a literature circle style of a book club. We are reading books in the Humor genre as selected by the district language arts committee as an addition to our language arts curriculum. These books are books to be enjoyed in a social setting and add an authentic literature experience to the 3rd Grade language arts program. Each student will be reading different books based on the lexile level of the book and the students different English times. Humor Genre Books Giggler Treatment The Kid in the Red Jacket The Chocolate Touch Frindle District level Criteria for genre selection: Incorporate curriculum Focus On Genre whenever possible Provide for good variety each year Reduce repetition across three years (and into middle school) Enough other appropriate titles at that level for students to continue reading on their own District level Criteria for book selection: Cited for excellence by an independent source Developmentally appropriate content and themes Written at an appropriate reading level Not required or assigned to any other grade level Appealing to both boys and girls Available in paperback You can help by asking questions about the book (read below). All information is stored in their reading folders at school. If you have questions, please do not hesitate to ask. Book Group Discussion Questions: 1. What did you enjoy about this book? 2. What have you read that is similar to this book? 3. What are some of the major themes of this book? 4. What do you think the author was trying to accomplish with this novel? 5. Who was your favorite character? What did you appreciate about him/her? 6. Consider the main character: What does he or she believe in? What is he or she willing to fight for? 7. At the end of the book, do you feel hope for the characters? 8. What is stronger in the book: plot or character development? Why? Do you think this was intentional on the part of the author? 9. Have you ever experienced anything similar to the action of this novel? 10. Did you find this book a quick read? Why or why not? 11. What are your concerns about this book? 12. How did you feel about the main character? 13. What are the most important relationships in the book? 14. What makes a minor character memorable? 15. What are the most revealing scenes? 16. Are any of the events in the book relevant to your own life? 17. What did you think of the style of the writer? 18. Was the story believable? The characters believable? 19. Did you find any flaws in the book? 20. Compare the hardcover and paperback covers. Which one do you like better? Why? Thanks and Happy Reading! Lynnea and Amby Posted by Lynnea West and Amby Takekawa at 8:18 AM  Labels: Book Club , Literature Circles 1 comment: Abby Davis said... The books that you have listed here seem like a very nice selection. Which one is your personal favorite? Which one(s) would you recommend for a new teacher? I also like the group questions that you have provided for children after they have finished reading the books. Thank you for your information; it will, I'm sure, come in very handy in the future. 1/24/08, 4:09 PM Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Blog Archive  2008 (9)   June (1)    May (1)    April (1)    March (1)    February (2)  January (3) Making Connections Game Word Study Practice Pages Book Club Literature Circles Word Study Packets of Lists    2007 (8)   December (2)    November (2)    October (1)    September (3)  Language Arts Links http://thinkingmaps.com http://www.lauracandler.com/litlessons.htm http://www.unitsofstudy.com http://www.edina.k12.mn.us/concord/teach/media/readinglists/index.html http://www.edina.k12.mn.us/concord/studentlinks/langindex.html http://www.edina.k12.mn.us/teach/curriculum/elemlangarts.htm http://www.prenhall.com/bear http://www.edina.k12.mn.us/normandale http://www.responsiveclassroom.org  Do you want to return the spelling homework to school for the English Teacher to check? Is a blog newsletter helpful? 