 Subscribe via  RSS Baby Formula Learning Top Brands Regular Organics Alternative Soy Milk Goat Milk Specialty Milk Allergy Lactose Intolerance Premature Specialty Formula Hypoallergenic Lactose-Free Prematurely Born Baby: Reviews TOP 5 TOP 5 Infant Formula TOP 5 Newborn Formula TOP 5 Toddler Formula Car Seat Baby Car Seat 3 BEST Convertible Car Seat For Small/Compact Cars  Most Recommended list Does anyone have a recommendation on convertible car seats for tiny cars like ours? –If this is your serious question, come find our top-rated narrow convertible seats! Car Seat » Convertible » Special Required Any narrow convertible car seats that perfectly fit my compact cars? Convertible car seats are a very nice and value choice for us parents, since it worth your money by investing in a car seat that can take you from birth to those preschool years, or depending on the model, perhaps even older. But some of us face annoying problems that ‘high safety rating’ convertible car seats recommended on the market don’t get along with your compact cars –such as Honda Civic, 2006 Hundai, Mazda cx7, Mini Cooper and most of Japanese family cars . Or, if you’re parents of multiples children, you’ll realized that it’s not easy to find a convertible seat on market fit three across in most vehicles. So, this Best Convertible Cars Seat For Small / Compact Cars list is to devoted for your need –which meet or exceed safety standard! Find It : Narrow Convertible Car Seat  “ Fantabulous car seats for tall babies in small cars”  Diono RadianRXT Convertible  Specification: RF : 5-45 lbs. FF: 20-80 lbs. (Up to 53”) Dimension: 28.5”H x17”Wx10”D Weight: 24 lbs Parents’ Review: “ It is narrow enough to fit in my Jetta and still allow room for two adults to sit comfortably in the back seat. It is tight on leg space for the front passenger when rear-facing, but not impossible. Baby loves being able to see out of the window better. She sleeps much better in the car now, as I suspect she is far more comfortable. I would recommend it to anyone. Reviewer’s Car : Honda Civic, Honda Accord, Ford Explorer, Dodge Ram, Volvo XC90, Nissan Quest van, Dodge Challenger 2 door, Toyota Camry, Volvo S40, Toyota 4Runner     “Perfect, cute, fits 3 in rear seats”  Combi Coccoro Lightweight Convertible Specification: RF : 5-33 lbs. FF: 20-40 lbs, (up to 40”) Dimension: 17”L x 14.65”W x 28.25”H Weight: 11.75 lbs. Parents’ Review: “ I love this carseat so much! I live in Japan where the cars are small. I have three boys that sometimes ride in the back seat all together. They can all fit while using this carseat. We had no problems installing it rear facing or front facing. I originally bought this in the lime green color, and now I have the red. Theyre both excellent!” Reviewer’s Car : BMW 330, 2004 Toyota Sienna, VW Jetta, VW Rabbit, Hundai, 2008 Subaru Forrester, and most Japanese cars    “A+ , great looks and very comfy for my baby”  Maxi-Cosi Pria 70 with Tiny Fit Convertible Specification: RF: 5-35 lbs. FF: 22-40 lbs. Dimension: 26” x 19” x 21” Weight: 19.5 lbs. Parents’ Review: “ We were in a car accident with my 2009 Maxi Cosi Priori Car Seat. My 2 year was strapped in tight and safe as could be without a scratch. When I had to discard the car seat, I went back and bought 2 more of the new 2010 Maxi Cosi Priori Convertables in the roasted brown color. I know these seats are not just cute and comfortable, but safe and reliable. Great product, good safety ratings.” Reviewer’s Car : Ford F450, Acura RDX, VW Passat, Honda CR-V, 4 door sedan, Saab 9-3,Nissan Xterra, Mazda Protege, Small seats on flights  Britax : Convertible Car Seat for Mini Vans Why all about Britax convertible car seats ? –Because you get what you pay for. Britax seats can be relied on the safest and prima quality. Though Britax seats also not perfectly fit with those ‘very small or compact’ above, they fit well with medium-sized cars –they’re all 18.5 inch width ! These new Britax convertible car seats are highly recommended by parents:   Britax Roundabout 55 Convertible Car Seat Parent’s Review: “We love this car seat! We drive a 2 door, hatchback Toyota Yaris and this seat fits great in it. For the first nine months, we had a rear facing infant seat and it was horrible. Yes its more expensive than some other car seat but Britax is a reputable brand and I feel safe having my daughter in it. The seat looks great and seems very comfortable. I have absolutely no complaints.”  Reviewers Car: Toyota Yaris, 2008 Honda Civic, Honda Accord, 2005 Toyota Camry, 2005 Chevy Silverado    Britax Marathon 70 Convertible Car Seat Parent’s Review: Weve been using Britaxs older style Marathons for five years so I was anxious to try this latest manifestation to see how it stacked up. It is larger, but it now fits children up to 70 lbs forward facing (and 5-40 rear facing) and still fits easily in our Honda Odyssey and forward facing in our small VW Golf.” Reviewer’s Car: Honda Odyssey, VW Golf, Toyota Sienna, 2007 Nissan Murano, BMW 328i, 2008 Toyota Highlander, F-150   Britax Boulevard 70 Convertible Car Seat Parent’s Review: “Gerber Good Start Gentle Plus was recommended to me by a friend who gives it to her daughter. Much to my surprise and happinessmy daughter downed it with no problem whatsoever! She was happy and content after and had no tummy upset or reflux. I highly recommend!”  Reviewer’s Car: Honda Civic, Volksvaken VW Routan, Crysler Pacifica, Honda CR-V, Honda Civic 4 door, Toyota Tacoma 4 door   Cool  Narrow Baby Stroller:  Stokke Xplory Stroller Simply, lightweight and easily maneuverable stroller. This Stokke Xplory can make easier to travel in crowded or narrow space, such as the sidewalk or supermarkets.  Filed under: Car Seats  Strollers Like this post? Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more! REGULAR FEED: TOP 5 Most Recommended Newborn Infant Toddler ORGANICS: Milk-Based Soy-Based ALTERNATIVE: Soy Milk Goat Milk SPECIAL: Hypoallergenic Lactose-Free Prematurely Born Categories Car Seats  Strollers Uncategorized Home l About Us l Terms and Conditions l Policy Material on this website is provide to be informational objectives only. It is not intended to be of medical advice or suggested treatments. You should use this website as a references. If you have or suspect that you have medical problems, please contact your health care providers. The reviews herein are actually individual result. Yet, using any products are under your consideration. Actual results differ among users. Copyright  Allbabyfind.com all rights reserved. 