 HOME ABOUT US SERVICES Complete Detail Interior Detail Hand Wash/Wax Interior Deoderizing Paint Protection Full Exterior Detail Engine Cleaning New Car Service Carpet/Upholstery Shampoo Opti Coat II Ceramic LOCATION TESTIMONIALS More Testimonials CONTACT US  Paint Sealer Paint SealerAs a stand-alone service, this service involves a thorough hand washing and drying. A Clay Bar will be used to remove any paint overspray and contaminants found on your new vehicle. Then a high quality paint sealant will be applied, which produces a long lasting, high gloss shine on all types of automotive paint finishes. The paint sealant will provide resistance from UV rays, salt air, snow, sleet, insects, road film, harsh detergents and environmental contaminants that can fade or discolor automotive finishes prematurely. The paint sealant should be reapplied every 6 months to sustain color, shine and provide protection.This is offered as a stand-alone service or can be coupled with other services to make a customize package made to fit your needs. Price Range - $50 - $75 (Stand Alone) Contact Us for a more accurate quote Price Range - $25.00 - $35.00 (Add-On) Read the Full Story Opti Coat II Ceramic Paint Sealer OPTIMUM OPTI-COAT 2.0Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 is a permanent coating that protects automotive paint over its lifetime! Unlike a wax or sealant, Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 will not wash or wear off. It acts as a second layer of clear coat which provides increased protection against the elements. Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 is a clear resin coating, much like the clear coat that already exists on your vehicle. And just like your factory clear coat, Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 is meant to be permanent! Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 is an additional barrier between the elements and your vehicle's paint. The paint will retain its color and contaminants will be blocked out to keep the paint smooth and clean. Unlike waxes and paint sealants that require frequent reapplication, Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 provides constant, unyielding protection for the life of your vehicle's finish! Note: Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 is not to be confused with other waxes, sealants or nano-coatings, this is different. Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 uses a resin technology that forms a permanent bond to paint and cures, just like an extra layer of clear coat. Once Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 cures, washing is the only maintenance needed to keep your vehicle looking fantastic. The coating can be clayed but it should not be necessary since Opti-Coat 2.0 releases contaminants easily. Use detail sprays as desired to intensify the gloss.Say goodbye to waxing! Optimum Opti-Coat 2.0 provides permanent paint protection to keep your vehicle looking its best indefinitely!Price Range $300.00 - $500.00 Note: Best for Brand new vehicles but can be applied to any vehicle regardless of age. Read the Full Story New Car Service New Car ServiceProtect your new car or compact truck with paint sealer and fabric protectant. This service involves a thorough hand washing, drying and vacuuming of your vehicle. A Clay Bar will be used to remove any paint overspray and contaminants found on your new vehicle. Then a high quality paint sealant will be applied, which produces a long lasting, high gloss shine on all types of automotive paint finishes. The paint sealant will provide resistance from UV rays, Read the Full Story Interior Deoderizing Interior DeoderizingThis is most often an add-on to an interior or complete detail service, but is offered as a stand-alone service. The deodorizing process includes disbursing a fogger in the vehicle. It eliminates the odors left by: fire, smoke, vomit, urine, feces, skunks, fish, pets, cooking, mildew, decay, garbage, sewer, and etcetera. It permanently neutralizes Read the Full Story Close  Welcome to Rugged Cross Auto Detail where we offer several car washing and detailing services for compact, mid-sized and luxury cars, trucks and more. Several auto detail packages are available but we also offer many as stand-alone services making it easier for us to customize services to meet your needs. We believe your car is one of your biggest investmentsbut the effects of weather and pollution, road grime and everyday wear and tear can quickly take their toll and diminish the value of your car or truck. Regular washing and detailing by Rugged Cross Auto Detail will help extend the life or your vehicle and make driving more enjoyable. Cleaning your vehicle, inside and out, is only the beginning. We use only the highest quality automotive products to not only clean but preserve your vehicle’s paint, glass, rubber, plastic, cloth and leather surfaces. If your car or truck is relatively new you may not think you need our services, but now is the best time to begin protecting your vehicles exterior paint and interior surfaces to help guard against deterioration. Preservation of a new or used vehicle is especially important if you plan to keep you car for a long time because maintaining the appearance of their vehicle also helps retain the value.   Local Web Testimonial "I have had more than one vehicle detailed by Willie and was very satisfied both by customer service and price. In my opinion its the best value around." – David "...We asked Willie to do a complete detail on the car and the results were absolutely amazing!.."  Copyright © 2010 Rugged Cross Auto Detail | All Rights Reserved Hosting and Design by Side by Side Designs Back to Top 