 Accessibility Links Skip to main content Skip to Canadian music icon Rita MacNeil remembered Skip to supplementary story content Skip to related news content Skip to CBC accessibility page CBC Global Navigation CBC.ca News News Menu Sports Sports Menu Music Radio Radio Menu TV TV Menu My Region Menu More CBC Menu Watch Watch Menu Listen Listen Menu  CBC News Arts  Entertainment Major Stories In The News Harper runs again? Quebec garb debate Transgender trailblazers Batman Backlash CBC News Navigation Home World Canada Politics Business Health Arts  Entertainment Technology  Science Community Weather Video Arts  Entertainment The Buzz Photo Galleries Canadian music icon Rita MacNeil remembered Performer overcame shyness to record 24 albums that sold millions CBC News Posted:Apr 17, 2013 3:35 AM ET Last Updated: Apr 17, 2013 1:22 PM ET Related Related Stories Remembering Rita Q remembers Rita MacNeil Rita MacNeil in pictures Canadians share their memories of Rita MacNeil George Stroumboulopoulos | Rita MacNeil interview External Links Rita MacNeil's website (Note:CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.)  Acclaimed Cape Breton singer Rita MacNeil has died at age 68. A notice on her website states MacNeil died on April 16 following complications from surgery. Born in Big Pond, N.S., on Cape Breton Island, MacNeil was one of eight children. She moved to Toronto at age 17, where she wrote her first song and began singing in folk clubs. MacNeil later moved to Ottawa, where she recorded three albums, but eventually returned to Big Pond, where she formed a trio. Sign the online book of condolences MacNeil was famously shy, but said her parents helped her overcome that trait by constantly reminding her to believe in herself. "You can be shy," she said. "You can work through all kinds of struggle. But somewhere deep down, you have to have belief or nothing's going to happen." Turning point Cape Breton's first lady of song made her mark during a six-week run at Expo '86 in Vancouver. At the time, MacNeil was well-known in her home province but a newcomer to the national stage. "Word of mouth kind of grew," said Rod Mickleburgh of the Globe and Mail. He said review after review praised her performance, and that summer sparked a love affair between MacNeil and Vancouver. He finally saw her on Canada Day, 1986, when she performed Working Man with Men of the Deeps. Watch: Rita MacNeil sings Working Man "There probably wasn't a dry eye in the house," he said. "I mean, it just moved me to tears. I never heard a song quite like it." 'Rita really was a star' MacNeil's voice brought people to tears across the country. Her first manager, Brookes Diamond, choked up as he spoke Wednesday about the first time he heard her perform. He was with his brother at the time. "It was quite a picture, we were in a field at a folk festival," he said. "This voice came through the rain, mist, and we both stopped. We were riding on a dirt bike and the two of us were in tears." In 1987 she earned a Juno award as most promising female artist, at age 42. "Rita really was a star," Diamond said. "I think her humility and her wisdom were the two outstanding characteristics that I always appreciated." MacNeil recorded 24 albums and sold millions of records over the course of her career. She hosted a CBC-TV variety program, Rita and Friends, which ran from 1994 to 1997 and drew regular audiences of one million viewers. MacNeil's Christmas variety shows drew loyal viewers. MacNeil was a member of the Order of Canada and the recipient of five honorary doctorates. In 1986, she opened Rita’s Tea Room in her hometown of Big Pond, where she also gave performances. Surprising investigation In 2008, MacNeil said she was shocked to learn she had been investigated by the RCMP in the early 1970s because of her work with the women's movement. At the time, police were looking for communist connections. "I had no reason to be under surveillance, believe you me," she laughed. "I was just the singer." I'm no rabble-rouser: Rita MacNeil Through it all, she kept a positive outlook. MacNeil inspired a generation of Cape Breton songwriters and performers. She encouraged young singers, even if she wasn't a fan of their voices. Remembering Rita MacNeil Condolence book: Readers share their memories of Rita MacNeil CBC Music: Rita MacNeil: a lasting influence Cape Breton mourns its first lady of song Social media: Canadians share their memories of Rita MacNeil Photo gallery: Rita MacNeil, a Canadian music icon in pictures "Who are we to say 'if you have a dream, don't waste your time,'" MacNeil said. "There are different degrees of the dream. Maybe they'll get to sing in a church or another place that keeps them very happy." In Cape Breton, Joella Foulds said MacNeil was an icon. Foulds, the artistic director of the Celtic Colours Music Festival, performed with MacNeil. "I think I've learned that you mustn't be afraid to express yourself," Foulds said. "You have to be who you are, and that was the essence of Rita. She was this wonderful, passionate person who had something to say." Family shocked Brian Edwards, MacNeil's promoter and agent, said he couldn't believe it when he was told of her death. He said MacNeil was a soldier who always defied the odds. She had been in hospital battling an infection. "I'm not sure whether they've labelled what the infection is," he said, speaking on behalf of MacNeil's family. "It was certainly not ongoing type of stuff that had existed for years." Edwards said the infection returned after MacNeil had an operation. She was unconscious but was starting to recover before her death. Listen: Agent and family friend remembers Rita MacNeil Edwards worked with MacNeil through more than 400 performances over 25 years. Over the years, he said, she never changed — always greeting people with a hug and a big grin. "When she walked on that stage or into any room, I mean, she lit the room right up. And the funny thing is about the whole thing, a lot people would be shy when they met Rita, but she was a lot shyer than they were." Her agent described kitchen parties at MacNeil's house, where she would sit quietly in the corner. Edwards believes she maintained her popularity because she was dedicated to her fans. "Rita knew who her audience was and knew what the fans wanted and didn't go off course — stayed with them whether the music industry liked her, whether they didn't." MacNeil leaves behind a son and a daughter, as well as grandchildren. Tributes pour in MacNeil performed with a who's who of musicians from around the world. "It was an honour for us to be able to know and work with such a prolific songwriter as Rita MacNeil," said the von Trapps, who toured with MacNeil in 2011. "She had such a generous heart, and great sense of humour." Watch: Men of the Deeps member Stanley MacLeod recalls Rita MacNeil In a stark contrast to her shy personality, MacNeil demonstrated that sense of humour when she made a cameo appearance on the television show The Trailer Park Boys . MacNeil was often seen onstage with fellow Nova Scotian Anne Murray. Murray voiced her grief in a message on her Facebook page. Q's tribute to the great Rita McNeil "I am deeply saddened by the loss of a dear sweet woman and a gifted singer-songwriter who represented women and her beloved Nova Scotia so eloquently in her songs," Murray wrote. Former CBC television host Tommy Hunter also praised MacNeil's talent, especially when she sang the iconic song Working Man . "Rita could convey that kind of warmth and sincerity through her songs to the people in the studio audience and to the viewers at home," Hunter said. "I have lost a good friend." Prime Minister Stephen Harper, who was in London on Wednesday attending the funeral for former U.K. prime minister Maragaret Thatcher, said MacNeil was: "A great Canadian performer and icon." Share Tools Report Typo Send Feedback Comments on this story are pre-moderated. Before they appear, comments are reviewed by moderators to ensure they meet our submission guidelines . Comments are open and welcome for three days after the story is published. We reserve the right to close comments before then. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines . Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Big Box Advertisement Top News Headlines White House lays out case for Syria response White House spokesman Jay Carney said that "it's in the clear national interests" of the United States to punish Syria's regime for what he called a "repugnant" chemical attack on Syrians, and that the question now is how the U.S. will respond to a violation of international norms. more  Budget 'mistake' more than doubles tax on credit unions The NDP is calling on Finance Minister Jim Flaherty to acknowledge a mistake in last spring's federal budget that more than doubled the corporate tax rate for credit unions and bring in a fix immediately. more  Is the Big 3 telecom 'Fair for Canada' campaign working? Bell, Rogers and Telus have joined forces and waged a public relations 'Fair for Canada' campaign to win the hearts and minds of Canadians. But some analysts question the effectiveness of the campaign. more  'I have a dream': 50 stories about the March on Washington Fifty years ago this week, some 250,000 people gathered before the Lincoln Memorial in a show of support for the burgeoning civil rights movement. CBC News explores the March on Washington in 50 different ways, from the speakers and marchers to the people who continue to be touched by Martin Luther King's powerful dream. more  Harper and Obama want 'firm response' to Syria attack The prime minister and the U.S. president deployed tougher language today after conferring about the escalating Syrian situation, as the countries' top generals met in Jordan with allies to discuss possible action. more  Must Watch Latest Arts  Entertainment News Headlines Miley Cyrus's raunchy act draws ire from parents' group The U.S. Parents Television Council has made a complaint to MTV after former child star Miley Cyrus's raunchy performance at the Video Music Awards. more  Star Wars cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies The influential Star Wars cinematographer, who worked on a number of stellar films alongside some of the world's most famous directors, died on Friday at the age of 99. more  Madonna tops Forbes' list of highest-earning celebrities Nothing seems able to stop the Material Girl from acquiring even more material, as singer and performer Madonna ranked at the top of Forbes' annual list of top-earning celebrities. more  Mumford & Sons take tour to Simcoe, Ont. A hugely popular British folk band is taking its music and reputation to smaller towns as part of a low-key tour designed to make a big impact on its hosts. more  Miley Cyrus grinds and bumps into celebrity adulthood Jaws dropped for all the wrong reasons as former child star Miley Cyrus tried to sell herself as a grown-up entertainer at MTV's Video Music Awards. Reviews were generally poor, but some celebrity image consultants say at least she got her message across "loud and clear." more  More Headlines  Q Blog Zach Braff trades in scrubs for monkey suit Aug. 27, 2013 4:00 PM The actor talks about his latest film The Great and Powerful Oz, in which he plays a CGI monkey. CBC Books Catcher in the Rye sequel? Posthumous J.D. Salinger works to be published: AP Aug. 27, 2013 3:56 PM Plans are afoot to release a series of previously unpublished books by J.D. Salinger after 2015, according to the authors of a new biography about The Catcher in the Rye writer. Most Viewed Most Commented White House lays out case for Syria response Miley Cyrus grinds and bumps into celebrity adulthood India bans shark 'finning' Woman reclaims stolen bike from Craigslist seller Is the Big 3 telecom 'Fair for Canada' campaign working? Ontario sisters must pay uncle $125K for false sex abuse claims Cronut burger illnesses at CNE caused by maple bacon jam Roméo Dallaire 'embarrassed' over mix-up with fringe group Customer swallows human toe in Dawson City  Inside the News Inside the News Exclusive behind the scenes videos, photo galleries, columns and special recommendations from Peter Mansbridge.  CBC News App CBC News App Get a world of news with just the touch of your finger. Download the only news app that you need. Big Box Advertisement Show previous slide Don't Miss MUSIC Jazz legend Marian McPartland dies at 95 Hosted the Peabody Award-winning program Piano Jazz on NPR PHOTOGRAPHY The glamour of bicycles Photographer Lincoln Clarkes' new book Cyclists According to What? Ai Weiwei can't leave China, but his art can Dissident artist's politically charged art on display in Toronto until Oct. 27 BOOKS Linwood Barclay, king of the thriller Best-selling author available in 30 languages, but is little-known in Canada ARTS Métis actor August Schellenberg dies at 77 Appeared in Black Robe, Free Willy and North of 60 film Cult star Haji dies at 67 Quebec-born actress starred in Russ Meyer exploitation films #ROBINTHICKE Robin Thicke 'loves' Blurred Lines controversy Artist unapologetic about lyrics and nude video, says "whatever works, baby." FILM Matt Damon and Jodi Foster star in Elysium Watch Eli Glasner's review TELEVISION Colbert holds dance party after Daft Punk pulled from show MTV cited contract obligation for upcoming awards show THE WORLD'S END Robot invasion flick follows Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz Edgar Wright's informal triology gets boozy new instalment FILM Talented veterans, emerging directors make TIFF's Canadian Homegrown titles to join new work by Villeneuve, Egoyan, Obomsawin BOOKS Neil Gaiman's last book-signing tour Author talks connecting with fans, childhood inspiration and Twitter Art Online Monet paintings get cheeky Amazon reviews Amazon.com is now selling fine art works worth up to $4,850,000 MUSIC Is it ok to like songs with lyrics you find sexist? Q debates if feminists can embrace a catchy song despite misogynistic lyrics MUSIC Rocky relationship fuels new Civil Wars album Joy Williams talks to Q about friction with bandmate and their future together comic books Jim Steranko regales fans with longform stories Nightly story sessions dubbed TNT for Twitter Narrative Technique THEATRE Steve Van Zandt on the Rascals and James Gandolfini Star on his Broadway hit, how he chooses work and his late friend #OVOFest Fans freak over rap royalty at Drake's OVO Fest 4th annual Toronto hip-hop concert features surprise guests, reunions Not on TV Canada's web-only TV shows at a turning point Shows forging closer links with traditional TV to earn funding MUSIC Jay Z's 6-hour performance art experiment Q talks to art critic and participant Jerry Saltz about whether rap show was art Photos The 12 Doctors of Doctor Who Peter Capaldi joins Doctor Who as the new Doctor MUSIC Banjo virtuoso Jayme Stone Trailblazer blends banjo's traditional sound with different styles, genres FILM Blue Jasmine Woody Allen's most serious effort in years stars Oscar-worthy Cate Blanchett MUSIC Wartime tale inspires Hollerado's So It Goes Lyrics and video recall Second World War experiences, survival MUSIC Electronic dance music star Deadmau5 EDM artist on fame, branding and his different personas FILM A peek at David O. Russell's American Hustle Teaser trailer for star-studded '70s film is all style CBC MUSIC Canadian pop stars of the '80s: then and now Though they might not be on the charts, they still look pretty great BOOKS Summer reading: top book choices from CBC Arts Guilty pleasures, new ideas and more CELEBRITY Al Pacino, as himself, for One Night Only in Toronto Hollywood icon's sole Canadian show set for Toronto date in September CELEBRITY How Justin Bieber could 'clean up his act' No more speeding or spitting for the Canadian pop superstar Show next slide CBC Global Footer CBC.ca Aboriginal Books Contests Digital Archives Documentaries Kids Kids' CBC Preschool Kids' CBC Wonder World Music News Parents Program Guide Radio Sports Television CBC Member Centre CBC Player CBC Shop Corporate About CBC Transparency and Accountability Jobs Production Facilities Mobile Production Rentals Ombudsman CBC: Get the Facts Independent Producers Pitch a Radio or Audio Program Program and Content Sales Archive Sales Educational Sales Image Research Library  Still Photos Consumer Recordings Digital TV Stay Connected Mobile RSS Podcasts Member Services: Newsletters  Alerts CBC Links Terms Of Use Reuse  Permissions Advertise Privacy Site Map Help Contact Us CBC Radio-Canada Copyright  CBC 2013 cbc.radio-canada.ca cbc.ca radio-canada.ca  