  BROWSE: Business Computers Education Electronics Health Reference Science Society Automotive Oil Filter Number Cross Reference Ads Oil Filters Cross Reference peeplo.com/Oil+Filters+Cross+Reference Extensive, Accurate Search Results Try a new way to search now! Filter Number Cross Reference filter.webcrawler.com/ Search for Filter Number Cross Reference With 100s of Results at WebCrawler Oil filters are one of the most familiar engine components on a car, and even those that do not realize where or what an oil filter is, the name is still very familiar. Oil filters are designed to remove deposits and impurities that build up in the oil over time from normal operation. As such, they eventually reach a point at which the filtering is no longer effective. While there are now . electronics and sensors to actually detect these build-ups and notify the operator of a problem, the best strategy is regular changing of the filter. Most individuals and fleet operations change the oil and filters in vehicles around every 3,000 miles or so, or every two to three months. This amounts to millions of filter exchanges each year, making the potential for mistakes very high. The best way to ensure proper filters are placed on the right engine types is to employ a system of oil filter part number cross-reference guides. It would take years to compile a list of these numbers on one's own, however, there are some alternatives. Fortunately, there are a few outlets online that can help with electronic document formats including entire product lines, with search capabilities and even common competing part numbers. Online resources such as www.WixFilters.com and www.FramCatalog.com are two prime examples, offering complete references of their own product lines. Both outlets offer the ability to reuse the reference over and over for both competitor brands and proprietary oil filter models. These are indispensable to shade tree mechanics and professionals alike, offering the critical step of verifying the part by number before installation. The threads that receive the oil filter are easily damaged from the attempted installation of the wrong filter, and if the filter does manage to go on, it may have to be cut off and will most likely damage the engine in one way or another. Employing just the two resources mentioned above will help avoid mistakes and wasted parts, in addition to increasing the quality of repairs. More Reference Links: http://www.wixfilters.com/filterlookup/ http://www.framcatalog.com/Application.aspx?b=F Ads Oil Filter Cross www.izito.com/Oil+Filter+Cross Info on Oil Filter Cross Get Results from 6 Search Engines! NAPAs Go-To Oil Filter www.napafilters.com/OilFilters Get Your Trusted Oil And Filter From NAPA Today For Huge Savings. Do it Yourself. - Do it for Me. - MyGarage - Promotions Nine ways to master this topic Filter Cross Reference Chart Filter Cross Reference Fram Oil Filter Chart Oil Filter Cross Reference Oil Filter Cross Reference Chart Oil Filter Cross Reference Guide Motorcraft Oil Filter Cross Reference AC Delco Oil Filters Napa Filters Instant inspiration Sometimes you simply need a fresh perspective to solve a challenge. Click here for a random insight from history's great thinkers. Get more insight here Spark plug cross reference chart National oil seal interchange Fram oil filter cross reference Automotive battery specifications  Copyright 2013 Dictionary.com, LLC. All rights reserved. 