 1-888-674-3309 Tips for buying Used Cars for Sale  Rental Car Sales Blog Just another WordPress site Skip to content Blog Home Used Cars For Sale Used Car Values Used Car Prices Easy Summer Maintenance Published Date : July 17, 2013 Automobiles, being the precision machines that they are, require diligent monitoring to ensure they are running at peak performance.  The aspects of the vehicle that an owner should look at depend on many factors, for example the age of the  Continue reading  Automobiles, being the precision machines that they are, require diligent monitoring to ensure they are running at peak performance.  The aspects of the vehicle that an owner should look at depend on many factors, for example the age of the vehicle or the current mileage of the vehicle.  Other factors play a part such as your road conditions for your area and the climate of your area.  Today we are going to discuss summer season maintenance and the aspects of your vehicle that you should look at and address for driving in the summer months. Tire Pressure Courtesy of tpmsdirect.com Tire pressure is an item that is a factor year round.  Here I’ll discuss the specific factors related to tire pressure in the summertime.  Tire pressure is driven by three major aspects: components of the gas used, temperature (these two are related) and quality of the seal of the tire.  The gas used to fill tires will be one of two things, compressed air or nitrogen.  If you have nitrogen filled tires, you have one less thing to worry about because temperature has no significant impact on tire pressure. Tires filled with compressed air are a different yet age old story.  Compressed air in tires is subject to Gay-Lussac’s Law.  I won’t bore you with the details of the chemistry concept other than this: if the temperature goes up, so does the pressure (the opposite is true too, temp goes down à pressure goes down).  So the bottom line here is that as the temperature goes up in the summer months, you need to keep an eye on your tire pressure.  Also make sure you are checking your tire pressure when the tires are cold, meaning they haven’t been heated from friction due to driving.  While you’re at it, make sure there’s enough tread on the tires to handle the summer thunderstorms.  Check your tire pressure every couple of weeks or so. Windshield Wipers Courtesy of carxcares.org Speaking of summer thunderstorms, properly performing windshield wipers are essential to staying safe while driving through wet conditions.  Wipers that aren’t performing well will streak and leave water behind, thus further reducing your already poor visibility.  Good wipers are also essential anytime there is debris, dirt or dust on your windshield. Selecting windshield wipers can be intimidating.  The general rule of thumb here is that you get what you pay for, meaning that quality and level of performance goes up with price.  You’ll never go wrong with buying OEM wipers (genuine parts specified by the manufacturer, which are usually available at your dealer), and it takes the guesswork out of the purchasing process.  For aftermarket wipers, go with a respectable brand and pay a few extra dollars.  It’s worth seeing the difference.  If you’re concerned about installing your new wipers, most mechanics, car dealers and auto parts stores will install them for you.  Some will even do it free of charge!  Whichever path you take, make sure to do this once every six months or when you see the performance start to degrade. PAINT Courtesy of autogeek.net Paint, simply put, maintain it or eventually it will show its age.  It’s just that simple.  And when I refer to paint, I’m talking about the whole paint system, which includes the other important component, clear coat.  The car’s paint job takes abuse from various elements which can vary between road conditions to climate.  Let’s talk about the summer care for your paint job.  Inspect the paint for chips, rust and stains.  Take care of these localized issues using appropriate tools and matching paint.  Never paint over a rust area because the rust will corrode through your touch up job.  Use sandpaper, brushes or other tools to get through to the bare metal.  When it comes to touch up paint, your car dealer or auto parts store should have matching paint available.  Take care of stains using a clay bar, which will pull up stains that are embedded right below the surface. After all of these things are taken care of, give the car a good wash, polish and wax.  The best polishes are the multi stage systems that work from a “rough” polish to a very “fine” polish.  These systems achieve mirror-like finishes that can’t be beat.  You’ll take years off the car’s appearance when you use one of these systems.  Something like this only needs to be done once a year, and the lead in to summer is the perfect weather to do it.  And when you do this, don’t forget to clean up the wheels and dress the tires and any unpainted body trim. Conclusion All of the things mentioned here are easy to do.  Some things like tire pressure and windshield wipers take minutes to complete.  Set aside a few of hours to complete the paint job related work that I mentioned.  When you do these routine maintenance items, along with following your manufacturer’s schedule for maintenance, you’ll have a car that continues to run and look like new for a long time. Posted on July 17, 2013 by Max Minkov | Posted in Used Rental Cars | Leave a comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  CAPTCHA Code * Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong Search for: Hertz Rent2Buy Become a fan on facebook Follow us on twitter Recent Posts Easy Summer Maintenance A Case for Buying Used Buy Americanbuy Toyota? What buying American looks like in the 21st Century There’s a BMW 4-Series?? Marking the End of the Retro Styling Movement Categories Top Tips On Saving Gas For Your Vehicle Used Rental Cars Used Toyota Cars Archives July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 September 2010 Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Recent Comments Graziano, Anthony M. on A Case for Buying Used john donnelly on Four Family Sedans to Check Out in 2012 hertzcarsales on Lackadaisical Luxury: Why The World’s Sleekest Cars are in a Sales Slump Elainepalmer66@yahoo.com on Lackadaisical Luxury: Why The World’s Sleekest Cars are in a Sales Slump hertzcarsales on High Temps, High Driving Risk: How Sedans Survive the Sizzle Used Cars Used Car Used Car Prices and Values Used Cars for Sale Tips for buying Used Cars for Sale  Rental Car Sales Blog Hertz Rent2buy Proudly powered by WordPress.  Google Plus Badge 