  Jobs Companies Salaries Interviews Write a Review Employers / Post Job Sign In  Sign In to Employer Center Get Free Employer Account Post a Job Talent Solutions Jobs Companies Salaries Interviews  Search Advanced  Glassdoor is your free inside look at DriveTime Automotive Group reviews and ratings  including employee satisfaction and approval rating for DriveTime Automotive Group CEO Ray Fidel. All 88 reviews posted anonymously by DriveTime Automotive Group employees. DriveTime Automotive Group 2.8 of 5  88 reviews www.drivetime.com Phoenix, AZ 1000 to 5000 Employees Work in HR? Unlock Your Company Profile Write a Review Follow Overview Salaries Reviews Interviews Jobs More Photos Inside Connections  DriveTime Automotive Group Reviews Updated Aug 25, 2013 See All Photos ( 9 ) All Employees Current Employees Only 2.8 88 reviews Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management 65 % Approve of the CEO Ray Fidel ( 54 ratings) 42 % of employees recommend this company to a friend 88 Employee Reviews Relevance Date Rating  in All Locations US - All Cities  Phoenix, AZ Area (includes HQ)  Atlanta, GA Area  Birmingham, AL Area  Charlotte, NC Area  Columbia, SC Area  Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Area  Denver, CO Area  Indianapolis, IN Area  Jacksonville, FL Area  Las Vegas, NV Area  Los Angeles, CA Area  Memphis, TN Area  Norfolk, VA Area  Orlando, FL Area  Raleigh-Durham, NC Area  San Antonio, TX Area  St. Louis, MO Area  Tampa, FL Area Search Reviews Aug 20, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management Approves of CEO  Great Company  Anonymous Employee (Current Employee) Phoenix, AZ I have been working at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time Pros  This is a great company to work for and I can see myself staying here for the next 20+ years. The culture in the office is amazing and there is plenty of room for advancement and growth. Cons  There are no negatives at this specific location. At the operation center with regular collections/sales jobs it appears to be a usual call center type of position. Yes, I would recommend this company to a friend  I'm optimistic about the outlook for this company DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-08-20 09:11 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Aug 25, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management Approves of CEO  Good short term option, Bad career choice  Senior Sales Advisor (Former Employee) Indianapolis, IN I worked at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time for more than a year Pros  -Develop numerous sets of skills including sales, customer service, BMV paperwork, and financing terms -Fun environment to work in -Good benefits Cons  -Long hours and mandatory Saturdays -Pay is adequate but not in line with the amount of work you perform (top sales person in nationwide company still doesn't make $100K) Advice to Senior Management  I left by choice and had received one promotion but failed to be selected for another one based on favoritism. Promote people based on performance and recognize when you make a mistake if you promote the wrong person. Yes, I would recommend this company to a friend  I'm not optimistic about the outlook for this company DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-08-25 06:14 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Aug 14, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management Approves of CEO  Its a good entry level career opportunity.  Sales Advisor (Current Employee) Memphis, TN I have been working at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time for less than a year Pros  The pay is good considering you get base salary plus commission. It is a good entry level position, currently I'm a Sales Advisor which is a good learning role. Cons  If you dont hit budget its always something you didnt do right or something you could have done more of, and the calls can get tedious. I can make calls but after a while you get irritated. Advice to Senior Management  Stop being so critical, other than that its a cool place to work. Yes, I would recommend this company to a friend DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-08-14 12:10 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Aug 13, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management  Good Company  Sales Advisor (Current Employee) Raleigh, NC I have been working at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time for more than a year Pros  Great career path, Great Learning spot, Process Oriented. Cons  Hours, life balance, Car Detailing at time of your sale. Advice to Senior Management  Non. Great Company. DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-08-13 06:41 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Aug 21, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management  Chew you up and spit you out  Anonymous Employee (Former Employee) Phoenix, AZ I worked at DriveTime Automotive Group for more than 3 years Pros  Pay, good start up for someone that wants to build their resume. Cons  Culture is fake executives truly care less about you, it has even been heard executives state management won't leave on their own because they won't get paid and not capable to do so elsewhere though that is true for most frontline management there, assistant directors don't know how to manage people just numbers and they jump when told to, most managers only know how to manage process. Advice to Senior Management  Balance managing process with people and build a team with true business acumen. Do what you say you will do. No, I would not recommend this company to a friend DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-08-21 20:42 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Aug 5, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management Approves of CEO  This is a decent company to work for - Not long term career potential for most.  Loan Advisor (Former Employee) Fort Worth, TX I worked at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time for less than a year Pros  The pay is decent for call-center type of job, also there is a small monthly bonus potential. The monthly bonus is not as much as they make it out to be when you interview and depends on your performance and company performance. You can get your foot in door here and they have a great family culture among the DOPS Loan Advisors. Drivetime makes money by selling repaired low-value cars for much more than its value at high interest rates. This means they have plenty money to pay us all and is a great well known profit model = Drain money from poor/bad credit/dumb. Cons  Highly micromanaged, promotions based on who is liked, different standards for different employees, immature team supervisors, high turn over. Advice to Senior Management  Clean the above cons. No, I would not recommend this company to a friend DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-08-05 13:14 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Jul 12, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management Approves of CEO  DriveTime Great Place!  Anonymous Employee (Current Employee) Mesa, AZ I have been working at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time Pros  -great culture -great benefits -great support -career growth -pay is above the norm -inspiring leadership Cons  -there really are none, unless youre unmotivated and not driven. Yes, I would recommend this company to a friend DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-07-12 09:08 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Jul 5, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management  It can be a little micromanaged at times  Anonymous Employee (Current Employee) I have been working at DriveTime Automotive Group Pros  The pay is decent you're salaried and commission.You can make at least $50,000 annually as a sales advisor. For the most part they usually hire people who are friendly so most of your teammates are good to get along with. Cons  At times it can feel like they are micromanaging you. Always over your shoulder and make you do extra tedious work when your main focus should be to sell Car. Even though they say they give you a WORK-LIFE balance. IT IS NOT! You can work all day pulling bells for multiple days and not even sell a car. The hours are very long and at times there's nothing to do so management begins micromanaging. Advice to Senior Management  Need a real work-life balance and have faith in your employees that they can and will get the job done without you being over their shoulder all the time. DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-07-05 09:04 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Jun 29, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management Approves of CEO  Pays Decent.... Not many places to go  Customer Service (Current Employee) I have been working at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time Pros  Pays decent Good starting Job Desires employees to grow with company Cons  Company is poor at developing quality leadership Requirements for promotions are inconsistent Company states they requires 4 yr degrees for most jobs and advancement but consistently promotes those who do not have a degree. Middle Management changes often/unstable Yes, I would recommend this company to a friend DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-06-29 19:55 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review  Jun 17, 2013 Culture & Values Comp & Benefits Career Opportunities Work/Life Balance Senior Management Approves of CEO  Best employer I've worked for as a web developer / developer  Distributed Applications Developer IV+ (Current Employee) Phoenix, AZ I have been working at DriveTime Automotive Group full-time for more than a year Pros  It seems like an extremely unlikely place to find it but this place is a fantastic place to be a software developer. I've worked here a year and have liked it so much that I've referred 2 developers. There are extremely fun, diverse, challenging projects built on some of the latest technologies here. Management listens, provides a great environment, anything you need to do your job well and greatly encourages your growth and promotes a really awesome culture. The vast majority of your time as a software developer is spent on new development. New technologies like KanBan, Azure, TypeScript, LESS, HTML5, .net 4.5, are all used and promoted. Also, there is an awesome group of very talented developers to collaborate and hang out with. I personally love working here and know a bunch of other developers that feel the same way. I've been working for over 10 years at 6 different businesses as a web developer and so far this is the best place to work out of all of them. Cons  Like with any software development shop, there is crunch time leading up to a release but that's normal and it is a very minor thing here. Advice to Senior Management  Keep up the great work, maybe look into expanding the office? Yes, I would recommend this company to a friend  I'm optimistic about the outlook for this company DriveTime Automotive Group 2013-06-17 22:50 PDT Was this review helpful? Yes | No Add Employer Response Flag Review 1  10 of 88 Reviews RSS Feed Embed  1 2 3 4 5   Worked for DriveTime Automotive Group ? Contribute to the Community! Add Review Add Salary Add Interview Review Add Photos  Jobs by Company Amazon.com Jobs CVS Caremark Jobs Enterprise Rent-A-Car Jobs Sears Jobs Salaries by Company Best Buy Salaries Amazon.com Salaries Walgreen Salaries Lowe's Salaries CVS Caremark Salaries Circuit City Salaries Office Depot Salaries Enterprise Rent-A-Car Salaries Sears Salaries Rite Aid Salaries Sorry, you need an account to use this feature. Sign In with Facebook or Sign Up Flag this {0} as inappropriate Would you like us to review something?Please describe the problem with this {0} and we will look into it. Flag this Item Cancel Thank you! Your feedback has been sent to the team and we'll look into it. OK  Oops! We're sorry but your feedback didn't make it to the team.Your input is valuable to us  would you mind trying again? I'll Try Again Get Me Outta Here  Your response will be removed from the review  this cannot be undone. Delete Response Cancel Work in HR or Recruiting atDriveTime Automotive Group? Respond to employee reviews Make real-time updates to your company See who is researching your company Monitor your brand awareness Get Free Employer Account Create Account Sign In Sign In with Facebook What you view and contribute on Glassdoor is private  it will not appear on Facebook. Or Create Account  Sign In with Facebook What you view and contribute on Glassdoor is private  it will not appear on Facebook. Or  Remember Me Forgot your password? Sign In Please enter your email address and we will send you an email with instructions for resetting your password. Reset  Back to Sign In  By creating your account, you are accepting our Terms of Use . Close Loading About Us Employers Careers Feedback Help Post a Job Browse : Salaries by Job Salaries by Company Salaries by City Reviews by Company Interview Questions by Job Interviews by Company Jobs by Title Jobs by Company Jobs by City Work in HR or Recruiting? Copyright  20082013, Glassdoor. All Rights Reserved.Your use of this service is subject to our Terms of Use and Privacy & Cookies Policy .Glassdoor  is a registered trademark of Glassdoor, Inc. Give other employees and job seekers your view from the inside Simply post an anonymousreview for a current/former employer or recent interview experience.Your post is anonymous  and if you're worried someone will be able toidentify your review, you can evenpost without telling us yourjob title and location. Learn More . Post a Review No thanks  I'll just look around  