 The Segmental Info System    Tuesday August 27, 2013   Oklahoma Arts and Entertainment  Oklahoma Guide Arts and Entertainment From film festivals to street dances, the Sooner State offersup plenty of arts and entertainment Artful Oklahoma  Overview Planning Your Trip  Arts and Entertainment Crafts Music Theater Visual Arts Food  Site Info Search Sites of Interest Suggest a Site Terms of Use Contact Us Privacy Policy  Oklahomaboasts a wealth of things to see and do when it comes to the arts. Large cities like Tulsa and Oklahoma City generally have the widestarray of arts offerings, but smaller communities have their fairshare, too. Whether you want to shop for Native American crafts orgo to a concert, Oklahoma has it all. Crafts The mainfeatures of Oklahoma's crafts scene are its Native American craftsand its craft fairs. Because of its large Native Americanpopulation, the Sooner State is an excellent destination fortravelers seeking tribal folk art. Trading posts, shops, museums,powwows, and Native American arts and crafts fairs are all goodplaces to find authentic goods. Oklahomaplays host to a number of craft shows and festivals occurring atdifferent times of the year. An Affair of the Heart produces severalmassive (and popular) craft shows in Oklahoma City and Tulsa. Ethnicfestivals often include crafts, as well as the chance to enjoy othercultural entertainment. Some festivals focus on a particular craftor theme, like quilt shows and folk festivals. You'll alsofind a few special craft attractions in Oklahoma. Several dollmuseums, a major collection of Dale Chihuly glass art, and localcompanies featuring handmade soap and candles are just a few of them. Dance As far asdance performances go, only a few professional companies exist inOklahoma. However, these companies are top-notch. Tulsa Ballet,considered one of the top 10 ballet companies in the U.S., performsboth classic ballets and new works, like their adaptation of TheGreat Gatsby . Ballet Oklahoma is a resident company at the CivicCenter Music Hall in Oklahoma City, performing about four differentproductions each year. For innovative modern dance, check outPerpetual Motion, which incorporates aerial moves (done on swingshanging from above) into their shows. Universitydance programs provide other dance outlets. For instance, theUniversity of Oklahoma has two dance companies affiliated with it. Oklahoma Festival Ballet boasts over 40 dancers and has toured theU.S. and abroad, while Contemporary Dance Oklahoma specializes inmodern dance, dramatic, and abstract performances. UO's dance schoolalso presents other student performances, guest artists, and theannual Young Choreographers' Showcase. At powwowsand other festivals, you can watch dancers and sometimes do your ownfancy footwork. Powwows always center around Native American songand dance; a few you may want to check out include the Sac and FoxNation Powwow, held in Stroud each July; and Wichita Tribal Dance, acontest that takes place every August in Anadarko. For anotherethnic twist, head to the Prague Kolache Festival in May forCzech-style dancing. Those who like to boot'n' scoot will findopportunities at all sorts of festivals, because street dancing iscommon, whether you're welcoming the rodeo to town or celebrating theFourth of July. Dance clubsand groups provide more opportunities to hit the dance floor. Oklahoma City in particular has a couple of clubs where you candance, and often get free lessons as well. In Ponca City, those 18and older can boogie down at Pulse. Many dance groups across thestate hold weekly or monthly dances, including round dancing, swingdancing, square dancing, and ballroom dancing. Film Fans of thesilver screen will find a number of ways to enjoy themselves,including several film festivals. Each of Oklahoma's movie festivalspresent a wide variety of independent films, ranging from local tointernational flicks. The newest film fest, the Trail Dance Festivalin Duncan, has already been honored by the state's tourism board as2007's Outstanding New Event. Hailed as the Top Regional Fest by the Ultimate Film Festival Survival Guide, thedeadCENTER Film Festival has also received accolades for beingone of the best in Oklahoma.Others include Tulsa Overground, Bare Bones Film Festival (Muskogee),and Bare Bones Script-2-Screen Film Festival and Conference (Tulsa). Over theyears, a number of movies have been filmed at least partially inOklahoma, including the Oscar-winning Rain Man (1988)and the cult classic vampire flick Near Dark (1987). Of course, Oklahoma's location in Tornado Alley made it the perfectlocation for the 1996 blockbuster Twister . In the town of Wakita, the building that served as the movie'sproduction office during its filming has become the Twister Museum. Props from the movie, autographs, and behind-the-scenes videos areamong the museum's holdings. The SoonerState has raised a few major film stars as well, such as famedmartial arts actor Chuck Norris. But Oklahoma is most proud of itsWestern stars, like Gene Autry and Will Rogers. There's even a townnamed for Gene Autry, where you'll find the Gene Autry OklahomaMuseum. Dedicated to the star and other singing cowboys, its annualGene Autry Music and Film Festival features vintage cowboy films andmore. Two sites pay tribute to Will Rogers, the Will Rogers MemorialMuseum in Claremore and the Will Rogers Birthplace Ranch on LakeOologah. The museum plays Will Rogers films non-stop every day, inaddition to its exhibits and other attractions. Literature Anumber of famous writers hail from Oklahoma. Perhaps one of the mostfamous and highly-regardedis Ralph Ellison. Best known for his searing portrayal of racialrelations in the bestseller InvisibleMan ,Ellison created a world in which African-Americans, living during the1940s, were, in effect, invisible to the rest of society. Othernotable authors include MattBraun, whose works in the Western genre have won him numerous awards;and teen novelist S.E. Hinton, famous for books like TheOutsiders and Tex . Literary types can attend a few wordy events and places around thestate. The Oklahoma Center for the Book sponsors literature-relatedevents at libraries and bookstores, as well as the annual OklahomaBook Awards. February brings the WinterTales Storytelling Festivalto Oklahoma City, and in April there's the Western Writers Round-Upin Waurika. For a peek at a historic printing house, stop by theState Capital Publishing Museum in Guthrie. Travelers can learn aboutSequoyah's invention of a Cherokee syllabary and impact on NativeAmerican literacy at Sequoyah's Cabin in Tahlequah.  Music There is anabsolute wealth of famous musicians from Oklahoma. While many ofthem are country artists, some popular rock and pop acts have alsocalled Oklahoma home. Among them are multiple-award winning artistsGarth Brooks, Toby Keith, Hanson, Color Me Badd, and Wayman Tisdale. You can find out more about Sooner State's musicians at the OklahomaMusic Hall of Fame and Museum in Muskogee. Thoughcountry music is especially popular in Oklahoma, visitors will findplenty of other genres as well. In Tulsa, Cain's Ballroom stilllives up to its reputation as one of the best places in the countryto hear live music, with today's roster mainly featuring alternativeand rock bands. The annual Dfest (a.k.a. Diversafest) music festivalalso presents a diverse variety of rock-based bands. For classicalmusic lovers, organizations like the Oklahoma City Philharmonic andCanterbury Choral Society are the ticket. If you've got the blues,head to the Down Home Blues Club in Rentiesville, which also hoststhe Dusk'Til Dawn Blues Festival each autumn. Theater Oklahoma'smost vibrant theater scenes can be found in Tulsa and Oklahoma City. Among the state's top professional theaters are the Oklahoma CityTheatre Company and Oklahoma Children's Theatre. However, theSooner State boasts some excellent community theaters as well. TheHeller Theatre in Tulsa even produces new plays, which is unusual forcommunity theaters. Thevarieties of theater offered in Oklahoma run the gamut. Dinnertheater, Shakespeare, musical theater, and old-fashioned melodramasare just a few of the opportunities you'll find for a night out. Opera fans are limited to one professional company, the Tulsa Opera, named by Opera News as one of the top 10 favorite opera companies in North America. VisualArts Oklahoma'sPhilbrook Museum of Art in Tulsa is one of the most stunning andprestigious art museums in the country. The Mabee-Gerrer Museum ofArt has various galleries and studios that provide more good ways tosee art in the Sooner State. In addition, art events put on by theOklahoma Visual Arts Coalition happen in many different cities. Influential artists from Oklahoma include Charles Banks Wilson,Jeffrey Rowland, and Allan Houser. The numberof cultural attractions that Oklahoma has nurtured promises both arewarding and an enlightening experience. Vacationers to the SoonerState can enjoy an array of artistic pursuits, which are sure to addfun to your getaway. Print this Article Planning Your Trip Crafts  ABOUT SEGISYS TERMS OF USE CONTACT US SUGGEST A SITE - dash right to the info you want Copyright  2004 - 2013 IIWINC All rights reserved. Print  Return to Normal View 