 Local Portland, OR Neighborhoods Things to Do Eat and Drink Arts & Entertainment Find something fun to do. Music, art, performancesthere's always something going on. Get the details you need before you head out. Portland's Concerts in the Park: A Summer Free for All! Portland Parks & Recreation opens up the city's parks on evenings throughout the summer to bring more than 50 free shows all over the city. March 2013 Events March brings the Portland Spring Beer & Wine Fest to Portland, along with a Hoppity Fun Run. Lots of great plays and music shows are coming to town as well as some cool free events. Cyclepedia Iconic Bicycle Design & World Naked Bike Ride at Portland Art Museum Cyclepedia hits the Portland Art Museum from June 8th through September 8th. Forty bicycles will showcase this amazing form of transportation's many purposes as well as its evolution, and a plethora of cycling-themed events from lectures and discussions to the huge World Naked Bike Ride and Bicycle Big Top and Rat Trap Circus will add to the festivities throughout the duration of the show. Portland Hotels Coming to stay in the City of Roses? If you stay at one of the hotels in downtown Portand, you'll be able to walk to shops, museums, restaurants and attractions. Plus, you can easily access public transportation so you can visit some of the city's best neighborhoods. See which hotels are worth checking out. Noon Tunes Check out the schedule for the free summer concerts in Pioneer Courthouse Square, otherwise known as Noon Tunes. A Festival of Local Food, Drink, and Entertainment Photo Tour of the Bite of Oregon Events in Portland What's happening in Portland this month Portland Events - May 2011 Find out what's going on in during the month of May. Do Jump! Theater Company See what they mean by "extremely physical theater." Portland Music Festivals An overview of annual music festivals in Portland, Oregon All About Public Art A blog dedicated to Portland's prevalent public art. Public Gardens in Portland Find out which gardens to visit in Portland, OR First Thursday See what the Pearl District galleries have to offer on this monthly art walk. Top Ten Portland Celebrities We like to think of ourselves as a creative city and for the most part, it's true! Portland is an amazing place to be an artist, whether your craft is film, writing, music or another pursuit. Here's a list of people with Portland connections who've made it big. Portland Children's Museum There's so much to see and do with kids at this SW Portland museum. Pittock Mansion Tour this historic mansion, once the home of Portland pioneers Henry and Georgiana Pittock. Portland Art Museum Explore art collections from every corner of the world. Art on Alberta On the last Thursday of every month, the Alberta neighborhood comes alive. Galleries stay open late to feature their new shows, performers come out the woodwork, and the mood is truly unique to this ever-evolving part of town. Portland's Historic Amusement Park Go Roller Skating or ride the rides at Oaks Amusement Park in Portland, Oregon MapClicks Explore Portland's neighborhoods with interactive maps and information on local businesses. Portland Art Openings You probably know about First Thursday in the Pearl, but what about First Friday on the east side of the river? Monthly Portland art events are getting more and more popular, and they're a great way to see what's up and coming in the Portland art scene. Explore the events: First Thursday and beyond. OMSI Great for kids and adults, the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry has rotating exhibits as well as a planetarian and an OMNIMAX theater. February Events See what's happening in Portland during the year's shortest month. Portland Classical Chinese Garden Experience incredible beauty of Portland's Classical Chinese Garden. Oregon Coast Photo Gallery See the Oregon Coast through photographer Debbie Ferreira's eyes. Free Movie Nights If you want to see the latest blockbuster, you'll have to head to the theater. But if you're looking for a chance to get out of the house without spending a lot of money, consider checking out one of these regular free movie nights around town. And if you know of a movie night that's not listed here, please e-mail me at portlandor.guide@about.com. Portland concert venues What makes a great (or not-so-great) concert venue? Things to Do in March What's happening in Portland, Oregon during the month of March, 2010 Portland Oregon - Photos of Portland Icons A photo gallery of signs, statues and landmarks in Portland, OR. Portlandia FAQ Answers to frequently asked questions about Portlandia. Regal Cinemas Portland Find the Regal Cinemas theaters in Portland, Oregon. Macy's Thanksgiving Parade Portland Macy's Thanksgiving Parade Portland Beer Festivals Some of the best beer in the world is made right here in the Rose City. So, it's no surprise that there are plenty of annual events to celebrate the suds! Portland Blogs Check out some of the best weblogs written by Portlanders. Portland Date Ideas There's certainly nothing wrong with dinner and a movie, but variety is the spice of life, and it can certainly spice up the romance. Try one of these Portland date ideas. Top Ten Portland Attractions What you need to know about Portland's most popular gardens, museums, and other attractions. Portland Wedding Venues There are countless options for wedding venues in the Portland area. Here are a few of our favorite indoor options. 2009 Portland Rose Festival Events Get the skinny on Portland's biggest summer festival. Portland Events - February 2010 Things to do in February 2010 Ways to Meet People in Portland Looking for new friendships or dating possibilities? Look no further. Downtown Portland Hotels Whether you have guests visiting from out of town, or you just want a change of scenery, there are plenty of Downtown Portland Hotels to choose from. Here are a few of our favorites. ? Portland Day Spas When you need the ultimate relaxation experience, head to a Portland Day Spa for a massage, body treatment, or head-to-toe day of beauty. A Weekend at Cannon Beach Places to go and things to see in Cannon Beach, Oregon. Best Indoor Things to Do with Kids in Portland The kid-friendly options abound in Portland! Film Festivals Get your cinematic thrills at one of Portland's film festivals. Portland Holiday Activities Looking for family-friendly holiday activities in Portland? Enjoy these events with your friends, family, and visitors. Holiday Ale Festival Get the details about this year's Holiday Ale Festival. Portland International Film Festival Details on the Portland International Film Festival. Portland Events Calendar Find out about Portland events this month. 10 Facts About Pioneer Courthouse Square Get the scoop on Pioneer Courthouse Square in downtown Portland, Oregon. Things to Do in Portland When it Rains A lot of Oregonians don't let the rain stop them from getting outside. But, if you'd rather opt for an indoor activity, you're in luck. Use our list to find something to do (indoors) when it rains. Half-Price Theater Tickets No tickets? You could go to the theater tonight for half the regular price. Portland Events in October Portland event calendar for October 2009 Portland Events - April 2007 Events in Portland, Oregon for April 2007 Trick or Treating Events in Portland Dressing up for Halloween is one of the best parts of being a kid. Find events around town for your children to get into the Halloween spirit (candy optional). Bite of Oregon The Bite is coming! Portland Event Planner - May 2007 Find out what's going on in during the month of May. Portland Bars with Pub Quizzes and Trivia Nights No matter what night it is, there's a bar with a trivia night in Portland. See where they're happening tonight! Portland Bowling Alleys Let's face it: Oregonians need indoor activities during the wet season. Bowling leagues are popular. So, why not plan a night of bowling with your friends? As a bonus, some of these alleys actually serve great food and drinks. Big Screen on the Green Get the 2007 schedule for movies in Portland's neighborhood parks. Free Oregon Symphony Concerts - Summer 2008 Attend a free Oregon symphony concert this summer in Portland. September 2009 Events in Portland It's time for TBA, PICA's yearly arts festival. Plus there are plenty of other amazing events and cool fundraisers happening around town this September. Play Ping Pong in Portland Why just go to a regular bar when you can have a few drinks AND play a game of table table tennis? These bars offer ping pong tables, and some have other games, too. Portland Movie Theaters Get the details about Portland's best independent movie theaters. August Events Find out what's going on in Portland, Oregon this month Outdoor Concert Venues in Portland When the weather cooperates, there's nothing better than catching a show in the sunshine or under the stars in Oregon. Some of these venues even allow picnics, so check before you go. Portland Children's Museum: A Photo Tour Step inside the wonderful world of the Portland Children's Museum. July 2013 Events Calendar The Fourth of July ramps up the month with plenty of festivities, color bursts and booms, but there are plenty of other events all month long to make the summer of 2013 a memorable one. There's an amazing assortment of free events this summer with a dizzying array in July, including OPS Shakespeare Fest, Free Movies in the Park, Free Concerts in the Park, Sundown at Ecotrust, two beer festivals and several street fairs. Good luck with keeping up with it all -- but it's a great problem to have! July 4th 2013 Events Calendar It's time to celebrate America's independence. In addition to the typical parade and fireworks events, that also means the annual Waterfront Blues Festival is coming to town. Here's a list of Fourth of July events in and around Portland. Be sure to also check the big July 2013 Events Calendar for an amazing assortment of stuff going on in Stumptown this month. Concerts at the Gorge Amphitheater in George, WA Find out who's coming to this beautiful venue in Washington State. Portland Haunted Houses Find out about the scariest haunted houses and other spooky attractions in Portland, OR. OMSI Great for kids and adults, the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry has rotating exhibits as well as a planetarian and an OMNIMAX theater. Portland Saturday Market Portland Saturday Market is a weekly event that features crafts from local artisans, an international food court, and live entertainment. MapClicks Explore Portland's neighborhoods with interactive maps and information on local businesses. Art on Alberta On the last Thursday of every month, the Alberta neighborhood comes alive. Galleries stay open late to feature their new shows, performers come out the woodwork, and the mood is truly unique to this ever-evolving part of town. Portland Art Museum Explore art collections from every corner of the world. Pittock Mansion Tour this historic mansion, once the home of Portland pioneers Henry and Georgiana Pittock. Concerts at the Gorge Amphitheater in George, WA Find out who's coming to this beautiful venue in Washington State. Portland Children's Museum There's so much to see and do with kids at this SW Portland museum. Portland Events - November 2007 A listing of events in Portland, Oregon during the month of November. First Thursday See what the Pearl District galleries have to offer on this monthly art walk. Portland Concerts at the Oregon Zoo Get the 2009 schedule for summer concerts at the Oregon Zoo. September 2012 Events Calendar September is an amazing time in Portland: MusicFestNW, Pica's TBA Festival and Feast Portland are just some of the upcoming highlights. April Events in Portland What's happening in Portland this month An Evening at Zoolights Experience one of Portland's favorite holiday traditions, Zoolights. All About Public Art A blog dedicated to Portland's prevalent public art. Portland Holiday Activities: Theater! Interested in seeing a performance at one of Portland's wonderful theaters this season? Whether you're interested in a Christmas Story, the classic Nutracker ballet or one of the other entertaining Portland performances, this is the place to find details on where and when the shows are for the 2010 holiday season. Do Jump! Theater Company See what they mean by "extremely physical theater." Easter Events Where to find the Easter bunny, Easter egg hunts, and more. Things to Do in March What's happening in Portland, Oregon during the month of March, 2009. Portland Rose Garden What you should know before you go to Portland's most loved garden. Portland Japanese Garden Explore one of the most authentic Japanese gardens outside Japan. Saint Patrick's Day in Portland Where to go for your yearly dose of green beer and Irish dancing. Birthday Parties for Kids Want to throw a special bash for your child's next birthday? With a little advance planning, you can put together a memorable birthday celebration. Here are some ideas for great kid's parties in Portland. January '09 Events in Portland Where to go and what to do in January '09 Things to Do in February What's happening in Portland, Oregon during the month of February, 2008. Portland, Oregon Events - December 2008 A listing of local events for the month of December. Events at Portland Libraries In addition to being an amazing resource for books, magazines and periodicals, the Portland library system holds events every week, and the events are free. Find out about book clubs, story times for kids, arts & crafts classes, and more. Portland Coupons and Discounts You'd be amazed at all the cool discount programs out there. Spend a few minutes researching and you could cut your costs considerably, from eating out to museums and groceries. Portland Events Calendar Find out what's happening in Portland this month. OMSI - Oregon Museum of Science and Industry Learn about Portland's science museum, OMSI. Halloween in Portland Your guide to Halloween costumes, events, and pumpkin patches. Memorial Day Weekend  Portland What to do in Portland, Oregon over Memorial Day weekend. Pumpkin Patches around Portland Find out where to go around Portland to pick your own pumpkins, find your way through a corn maze, and hop on a hayride. October 2008 Events Find out what's going on in October in Portland, OR, including Halloween and harvest happenings. July Events Find out what's going on in Portland, Oregon this month Portland Radio Get a listing of the Portland area's radio stations and formats. International Festivals in Portland, OR Celebrate cultures from around the world without leaving Portland. Discount Movie Tickets in Portland Find out how to get discounted movie tickets and find listings for free movie events in Portland, OR. September 2008 Events in Portland It's time for TBA, PICA's yearly arts festival. Plus there are plenty of other amazing events and cool fundraisers happening around town this September. Outdoor Movie Night in Portland - Flicks on the Bricks Free movies in Pioneer Courthouse Square. Comedy Shows in Portland Spend an evening at a comedy club in Portland, Oregon, and laugh your way all the way home. Summer Concerts at McMenamins Edgefield Find out who's playing at Edgefield this summer. Where to Watch Fireworks in Portland Where will you be when the sky lights up with fireworks this July 4th? Portland Parks Summer Concert Series Summer concert schedule for Mount Tabor Park in Portland, Oregon. Street Fairs in Portland, Oregon Find out about the neighborhood street fairs in Portland, Oregon. Springtime Events in Portland The annual Wooden Shoe Tulip Festival is just one of the ways Oregonians usher in the springtime. New Year's Eve Don't want to sit home on the last night of the year? You don't have to! Holiday Lights in Portland Find the best professional lighting displays in Portland this holiday season. Free Things to Do in Portland, Oregon Learn about places to visit without spending a cent in Portland. Movie Night at Pix Patisserie Watch a flick and nibble on some delicious treats every week at Pix. Formerly Amphitheater at Clark County See what shows are playing at the Clark County Amphitheater this season. Beaverton 2013 Summer Farmers Market Kicks Off with Local Liquid and Dog Sitting The Beaverton Farmers Market is the biggest all-agricultural market in Oregon. For 2013 the market will expand with a rotating cast of local wine makers, distillers and brewers, and will also add a dog sitting service so pooches can tag along as well. June 2013 Events The Rose Festival and Pride Parade and Festival are perennial June highlights in Portland. Joining them this year are Pedalpalooza and Cyclepedia, and plenty of alcoholic opportunities, including Sake Fest, Cider Summit and Portland Beer Week -- with four different beer festivals all hitting town. 2013 Portland World Naked Bike Ride in Photos Close to 10,000 cyclists took to the streets for the annual Portland World Naked Bike Ride to advocate for cyclists' rights, speak out against reliance on oil and usher in the new Cyclepedia exhibit to the Portland Art Museum. Concert Venues in Portland, Oregon Descriptions of the best places to see live music in Portland, OR. 2013 Portland Pride Parade in Photos Over 130 groups participated in the annual Portland Pride Parade, presented by the nonprofit Pride Northwest. The Parade kicked off in Old Town and meandered its way to the Tom McCall Waterfront Park. Portland Events Find out about Portland events for the month of June Portland Oktoberfests In Germany, Oktoberfest is a celebration of dancing, beer, sausage, beer, German culture, beer, traditional music, beer you get the picture. Luckily, you can get a taste of German Oktoberfest without traveling to Munich. In fact, there are several renowned Oktoberfests in and around the Portland area. Get the details about celebrating the... October 2012 Events October is more than just Halloween in Portland. Farms and food play a central role in this city -- check out the various harvest festivals, music celebrations such as Streetcar Mobile Musicfest and Portland's green business side on display at GoGreen Portland. November 2012 Events It's November, and there's a lot to be thankful for in Portland -- from various coffee and food festivals to art openings to world-class music events. Portland 2012 Holiday Event Calendar From the 58th edition of Christmas Ships on the rivers to Tuba Christmas, Mariachi Los Camperos de Nati Cano and the Holiday Ale Festival, there's plenty of good stuff to keep everyone jolly and occupied during the holiday season in Stumptown. Portland New Year's Eve: Ring in 2013! What to do in Portland, Oregon for New Year's Eve -- ring in 2013! Barhopping Santas: SantaCon Celebrates Christmas, Portland Style Bring a little naughty along with the nice and join in on one of the SantaCon barhopping flash mobs that celebrate the holidays in their own style. January 2013 Events January kicks off 2013 in Portland, and there's plenty going on -- tons of expos on everything from weddings to boats to chocolate, as well as big plays and music performances, and a whole lot more. February 2013 Events February 2013 is packed with events in Portland. The Portland International Film Festival and Portland Jazz Festival bring amazing film and music to town; Zwickelmania gives beer aficionados a chance to tour and taste at many of Oregon's breweries; Valentines Day breeds romance, and Mardi Gras lets us all party down. Valentine's Day 2013 Events There are enough Valentine's Day events -- both leading up to and on the big day -- to merit a separate Event Calendar just to present all of the options. St Patrick's Day 2013 Events St Patrick's Day is always festive in Portland, Oregon, and the 2013 edition is no exception. Here's a round-up of some of the best activities going on in and around town. Passover 2013 in Portland Passover, the Jewish festival commemorating Exodus when the Jews were freed from Egyptian slavery, falls from March 26th to April 2nd this year. There are several events throughout Portland this Passover, and we feature some of the best. 2013 Easter Activities in Portland Delve into our list of what's happening around Portland leading up to and over Easter weekend. 2013 Portland EcoFilm Festival A new six-month film series, dubbed the Portland EcoFilm Festival, is coming to Portland's Hollywood Theater art house cinema. The independent films which comprise the series will showcase sustainability, food supply, nature, farming culture and the environment. 2013 Wooden Shoe Tulip Festival Spring is in the air for the 2013 Wooden Shoe Tulip Festival located just outside of Woodburn, Oregon. The annual festival kicks off for the 27th time on March 29th and stretches through May 5, 2013. The family-friendly festival attracts over 145,000 people, making it Oregon's largest spring gathering. April 2013 Events Wear tweed and ride bikes, tiptoe through the tulips (in wooden shoes), quaff beer in Silverton, or Soul Bowl to disco and B movies. Or maybe you're more into beans, or Portland's Largest Garage Sale? That's just a sample reel, and adds are there are at least a few things that will tickle your fancy in Portland in April. Touring Portlandia: Locations Featured in the TV Series, Seasons 1 & 2 Portlandia, the satirical IFC show based in our fair city, is as much about Portland's quirky hangouts and neighborhoods as it is about its (often offbeat) people. Check out some of the more prominent locations featured in Seasons 1 & 2 of the hit show. 11th Annual Filmed by Bike Festival Back for the 11th time, Portland's Filmed by Bike Festival assembles short films from around the world that celebrate the bicycle in all its forms and for many of its diverse uses. Top Down: Rooftop Cinema Features Films and Portland Skyline under the Stars The Top Down: Rooftop Cinema series returns to Portland's Thursday nights, courtesy of the Northwest Film Center. Films screen atop Hotel deLuxe's parking garage, giving film goers a chance to take in the city from a high perch while enjoying local pre-movie music and food, beer, cocktails and non-alcoholic beverages. Embrace the outdoors on Thursdays from July 25th through August 29th, 2013, and settle in for some fun, lighthearted flicks. Motorsports at the Historic Portland International Raceway (PIR) Portland International Raceway hosts more than 650 events per year, with motorsports at the heart of the calendar. Start off in go karts, then progress through the classes, or learn your skills from the pros. There's drag racing as well as motorcycle road racing and motocross as well -- or you can come out and watch all the action from the grandstands. Swift Watch: Thousands of Vaux's Swift Birds Swirl into School's Chimney Tens of thousands of Vaux's Swifts descend into the Chapman Elementary School's chimney in Northwest Portland every evening in September. It's a very cool spectacle unique to Portland that's well worth checking out. Free Portland, OR Newsletter Discuss in my forum Explore Portland, OR Must Reads May 2013 Events Review: Cacao Drinking Chocolate Pizza! Get a Slice -- or 2 -- of Heaven Exquisite Montreal-Portland-Style Bagels Best Disc Golf Courses and Resources Most Popular Shopping Malls in Portland Oregon Portlands Top 11 Bike Shops Portland Employment Agencies Top Ten Portland Attractions Portland Weather - Portland Weather FAQ Free Portland, OR Newsletter Sign Up By Category Neighborhoods Food & Drink Housing Arts & Entertainment Gay & Lesbian Shopping Business & Jobs City Services & Government Sports & Fitness Education Getting Around & Maps Portland, OR Neighborhoods Things to Do Eat and Drink About.com Local Portland, OR Arts & Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 