 Log In Register Bookmark Us today hot gossips latest gossips celebrities Celebrity Gossip, Rumors, Celeb News and Dirt - UPDATED! Ricky Martin's Confession: Why He Bullied Gay People Before He Came Out Let us be clear, before we go into anything else, that we know Ricky Martin to be a man of love and compassion for ALL today. But back in the day, when he hadn't fully dealt with his own feelings, the now openly gay singer has admitted that he would target his anger toward others, specifically --... ( more... ) From Perez Hilton , 2 hours, 13 minutes ago Related stories (2) Ricky Martin: 'I Used to Bully People Who I Knew Were Gay' — VIDEO  - TOWELEROAD Ricky Martin: 'I Bullied Gay People'  - Contact Music 0 comments Miley Cyrus' Buddies Blast 'Fat' Kelly Clarkson After VMA Twerking Shade! Nuh Uh! NOT COOL. Looks like Miley Cyrus' bestiez can't stop either and they won't stop until they've gotten their revenge on critic Kelly Clarkson! After Kelly presumably tweeted that Miley was acting like a "pitchy stripper" during her ultra raunchy performance at the MTV VMAs on Sunday, the ne... ( more... ) From Perez Hilton , 2 hours, 27 minutes ago Related stories (4) Kelly Clarkson blasts MTV VMA performers  - Contact Music Kelly Clarkson Slams VMA Performers as Pitchy Strippers  - E! Online Gossip- The Hum Kelly Clarkson was not impressed with VMA Performances  - Pop Crunch Kelly Clarkson Slams VMA Performers, Calls One A 'Pitchy Stripper'  - Star Pulse 0 comments Katherine Jackson: Paris Is Now 'In a Good Place' with Treatment "She is doing much better," says her grandmother. "The treatment is going good, really good"... ( more... ) From People.com , 2 hours, 48 minutes ago Related stories (2) Paris Jackson's Grandmother Breaks Silence on Teen's Hospitalization: Treatment Is Going Really Good  - E! Online Gossip- The Hum Paris Jackson 'in a good place'  - Contact Music 0 comments Dr. Luke Won't Have His Residency On American Idol As A Judge Due To Conflict Of Interest The Dr. will NOT see you now...We thought American Idol would be prescribed a healthy dosage of music producer Dr. Luke as judge next season, but alas, it was not meant to be it appears!According to a source, the doctor-who-would-be-judge had to back out due to a conflict of interest, and a busy... ( more... ) From Perez Hilton , 3 hours, 43 minutes ago Related stories (3) Dr. Luke Not Joining 'American Idol' as a Judge  - Just Jared Dr. Luke Not Joining American Idol as Judge Due to Conflict of Interest  - E! Online Gossip- The Hum Dr. Luke Won't Be The Third Judge On American Idol  - Crazy Days And Nights 0 comments Adam Lambert Defends Miley Cyrus, but PTC Says 'Heads Should Roll' at MTV The pop star's racy VMAs performance continues to reverberate... ( more... ) From People.com , 6 hours, 58 minutes ago Related stories (3) Adam Lambert Defends Under-fire Miley Cyrus  - Contact Music Adam Lambert defends Miley's VMA routine  - Contact Music Miley Cyrus' VMA Performance: Cyndi Lauper Says It Encourages Date Rape While Adam Lambert Defends Her  - E! Online Gossip- The Hum 0 comments Monica Bellucci, Vincent Cassel Separate After 14 Years of Marriage The Italian actress and the French actor have two children together... ( more... ) From People.com , 4 hours, 18 minutes ago Related stories (12) Did Monica Bellucci  Vincent Cassel separate after 14 years of marriage?  - Celebitchy Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel’s Marriage: C’est Fini!  - Dlisted Monica Bellucci  Vincent Cassel Split After 14 Years of Marriage  - Just Jared Monica Bellucci  Vincent Cassel Split After 14 Years Of Marriage  - Star Pulse Monica Bellucci  Vincent Cassel Split  - Contact Music More related gossip here  0 comments Demi Lovato Confirmed For Glee Role Singer Demi Lovato is set to go gay for a cameo appearance on hit Tv musical Glee.The X Factor judge will make a guest appearance on Ryan Murphy's... ( more... ) From Contact Music , 8 hours, 10 minutes ago Related stories (8) Glee: Darren Criss and Naya Rivera on Moving Cory Monteith Tribute and Demi Lovato's Guest Role  - E! Online Gossip- The Hum Naya Rivera Welcoming Demi Lovato To The 'Dark Side' On 'Glee' - MTV Demi Lovato to Play Naya Rivera's Love Interest on 'Glee'!  - Just Jared Demi Lovato To Play Naya Rivera’s Love Interest On ‘Glee’  - Socialite Life Demi Lovato Will Play Santana’s Lesbian Love Interest On Glee, So Buckle Up  - Celebamour More related gossip here  0 comments One Direction Bites The Big Apple At This Is Us' New York Premiere! New York is alive with the sound of ...One Direction!! Following their London premiere of This Is Us and the VMAs, the fab five of fun dedicated all their energy to promoting the docu-film in the states. At the Ziegfeld Theater to be exact! Manhattan was the setting for another night of 1D debau... ( more... ) From Perez Hilton , 4 hours, 37 minutes ago Related stories (2) One Direction Mobbed At New York Film Premiere  - Contact Music Video: One Direction attends This is Us film premiere in New York  - CBS News 0 comments P. Diddy in VMA after-party scuffle P. Diddy was involved in a heated argument at his MTV Video Music Awards after-party on Sunday night (25.08.13).The rapper - real name Sean Combs -... ( more... ) From Contact Music , 11 hours, 7 minutes ago Related stories (4) Beyonce ‘yelled her head off’ when Diddy got into a fight at VMA after-party  - Celebitchy Diddy Denies Post VMA Scuffle With J. Cole  - E! Online Gossip- The Hum J.Cole  Diddy Respond To Fight Rumors, More Pics From Jay-Z  Diddy's VMAs Afterparty  - Young Black and Fabulous Beyonce And Jay Z Caught Up In Sean 'Diddy' Combs Scuffle  - Contact Music 0 comments Selena Gomez has a crush on George Clooney Selena Gomez has a crush on George Clooney.The 21-year-old singer- who has been in an on/off relationship with 19-year-old Justin Bieber for several... ( more... ) From Contact Music , 11 hours, 7 minutes ago Related stories (2) Selena Gomez Pulls A Miley Cyrus At ‘Getaway’ Premiere  - Socialite Life Selena Gomez Reveals Her Celebrity Crush – And The Answer May Surprise You!  - Celebrity Dirty Laundry 0 comments 1 , (2) , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , ... 42  CelebrityGossip.com  Happy Birthday To: Carlos Moya (37) Gerhard Berger (54) Most Talked About Celebrities 1. Miley Cyrus 2. Naomi Watts 3. Madonna 4. Simon Cowell 5. Taylor Swift Most Popular Sections Fashion Gossip Hip Hop Gossip Movies Gossip Music Gossip Rap Gossip Television Gossip Black Gossip  Hot Celebrity Gossip | Latest Celebrity Gossip | List of Celebrities | Celebrity Pictures | Links About Us | Advertise With Us | Privacy Policy | FAQ | Report a Bug | Contact Us All works on this site Copyright  2013 celebrity gossip , a First Beat Media production First Beat Media 