 money section  Saving & Spending Budgeting Banking Credit Cards Loans Real Estate Buying a Home Home Loans Selling a Home Business & Career Career Advice Land the Job Work for Yourself Start a Business Run a Business Insurance Insurance Basics Auto Insurance Life Insurance Retirement Get Started Plan Ahead Make It Last Investing Building Wealth Balancing a Portfolio Managing Your Money eHow Now More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Buying a car Buying a Car Online About Buying and Selling Cars Online About Buying and Selling Cars Online By Sylvia Cochran , eHow Contributor Share Print this article About Buying and Selling Cars Online Car buying is no longer limited to visiting a local car dealership or perusing the "for sale by owner" ads in the paper. Learning about buying and selling cars online may enable you to find some rare deals that are just a few states away. However, there are some risks associated with this kind of transaction. Read on and learn more about online car transactions, which tips and tricks can make the difference for a good or bad experience, and how to ensure that you are not losing money on the deal. Other People Are Reading How to Sell Used Cars Online How Can I Buy Impounded Automobiles? Inventory Buying and selling cars online started out as a venue for collector cars that were hard to find locally, and for which prospective buyers would be willing to cross several state lines to drive or tow them home. Since then, the market has opened up to cars and trucks of any make and model, and it is not unusual to see Corvettes listed next to a Camry. Used and new cars are for sale, just like there are cars which are no longer running but are sold for parts. Sites Associated With Buying and Selling Cars Online The most famous site for buying and selling cars online is eBay Motors (a link is posted in the Resources section). This part of eBay works much like the regular auction site, and with the click of the mouse you may bid on any car you choose--if you are able and willing to pay. The Auto Trader website is a listing service that allows interested parties to list their vehicles online and in a magazine. There is no bidding associated with the transactions. If you want the car, make the deal. Doing Your Homework as a Buyer Narrow down your search to the kinds of vehicles you are interested in buying online. Shop around locally to find out what similar cars are selling for. Check the car value with trusted online sites, such as Kelley Blue Book or the somewhat more accurate Edmunds True Market Value (a link is posted in the Resources section). Estimate your travel costs. Add these travel costs to the market value of the car you are buying--this is the actual amount of money you will spend. Determine if any deals you are looking at online really fall below the pricing guide or are right on--to make the bid, trip and transaction worth your while--or if it is cheaper to stay local and buy the car you want from a dealer or private party. Whenever possible, do business with a seller who has a verifiable, positive track record for buying and selling cars online. Doing Your Homework as a Seller Price your car accurately by using Edmunds or another pricing tool. Estimate how much money you need to make to turn a profit. This is especially important if you bought the car you want to sell online at auction and had to do some repair work. Represent the car as accurately as possible. If it has dings and dents, list them. Do not risk a bad auction feedback or civil action against you for misrepresenting the car. Run a CARFAX report to protect yourself from selling a stolen car or one that was previously salvaged. Caution for Buyers Remember that you are doing business with someone you do not know and, if you are buying a car, you are virtually buying it sight unseen and without a test drive. Request from the seller a CARFAX (a link is posted in the Resources section) report that clearly shows the car's vehicle ID number. Discuss terms under which you can withdraw your offer to buy the vehicle, without suffering any repercussions. Moreover, ask for up close photos via email that detail common problem areas, such as the underside of the car, the upholstery, and the sides of the car most commonly affected by parking lot dings and dents. After bidding, take a buddy with you to pick up the car. This protects you personally and also allows another set of eyes to look over the car before you accept the keys and drive off. Caution for Sellers Sellers have somewhat of an upper hand in this kind of transaction. When selling cars online, specify that you will not release the vehicle until the funds have cleared. You may agree with the buyer to turn over the car into the custody of a trusted third-party, such as the local sheriff or an impound lot. If Something Goes Wrong In the case of fraud, eBay Motors offers a vehicle purchase protection program that may reimburse a buyer up to $50,000 per car. This program protects you against paying for a car but fail to receive, buying a stolen car, or discovering that the car does not have a clean title. Buyers are limited to one claim against the vehicle purchase protection program for every six months. Sellers and buyers who are doing business outside of the eBay Motors program have little other recourse than legal action against one another in case of fraud.  Related Searches Resources eBay Motors at Motors.eBay.com CARFAX to protect yourself against buying a used car with identifiable problems Pricing a car with the Edmunds True Market Value tool at Edmunds.com Photo Credit Matthew Hull/Morguefile.com More Like This How to Sell Used Cars Online How Can I Buy Impounded Automobiles? How to Start a Tile-Setter Business Comments You May Also Like Buying Cars Wholesale Buying Cars Wholesale. Part of the series: Buying  Selling Cars. In order to buy cars wholesale, a person needs a wholesale... How to Buy or Sell a Car Online The Web supplies a hassle-free way to reach lots of hungry shoppers for sellers. If you know exactly what new car you... How to Buy Car Insurance Online Everyone who drives a car needs to have car insurance. There are so many car insurance companies in every town it can... How to Buy and Sell Stocks Online Investing in the stock market is a great way to build wealth and save for retirement. And with the internet, its easier... Where to Sell a Car Online for Free The Internet has allowed for the continual growth of classified ad sites where users can interact, sell, buy, and even barter items... How to Sell a Car Online Use the Internet to get the word out about your car. How to Buy, Restore and Sell a Vintage Car It might look like an aging heap of rusted metal to some, but you know with a little elbow grease you can... How to Sell a Used Car Regardless of what shape your vehicles in, you can expect a good selling experience if youre straightforward and honest with prospective buyers. How to Make Money Buying and Selling Cars Economists and businessmen alike often say that the greatest opportunities occur during a recessionary period in the economy, much like the one... What Are the Dangers of Buying a Car at an Estate Sale? What Are the Dangers of Buying a Car at an Estate Sale?. An estate sale is designed to sell off the assets... How to Buy and Sell Stocks Stocks are a lot like sex in high school: Everyone pretends to know everything, few actually know anything, and nobody ever lets... How to Buy a Car in Argentina Buying a car in Argentina poses some logistical challenges. However, these obstacles are intended to protect a car buyers safety, time and... 30 Day Rule of Buying  Selling Stock Money lost on investments can be tax deductible and as such reduce your tax burden. Many investors sell losing positions in December... How to Find a Deal at a Police Auction Police confiscate a great deal of property when they arrest criminals. While the police do make efforts to return stolen property to... KIA Car Facts Kia Motors is an automobile manufacturer based in Seoul, South Korea. It manufacturers and sells a wide variety of passenger vehicles, including... How To Deal With an Accident in a Parking Lot A parking lot accident can ruin your weekend. Some parking lots are nothing short of being a deadly trap. It is not... How to Buy a New Car Online When you are considering buying a new car, you want to go into the deal with as much knowledge as possible. You... How to Successfully Sell Your Car Online There are many places that you can sell your car online. Using the internet you can put your car in front of... Related Ads  View Photos Splurge vs. Spend: Your Grocery List You May Like How to Start a Tile-Setter Business Fall Footwear Reboot Color Coverage: Blue is for You Casual Jackets for Fall All That Glitters: Gold How to Sell Luxury Cars What Is the Difference Between Buying & Selling Commissions? Fright Night Lights: Set Up for Scary Featured 3 Money-Saving Tricks Youve Never Heard Of Check It Out Frugal Grocery Shopping Tips View Photos 10 Ways to Build Up Home Equity Check It Out Others Also Viewed How to Buy a Used Car Online How to Find the Best Car Deals Online Best Way to Sell a Classic Car Online Consumer Rights for Buying a Used Car How to Transfer a Car Title Online ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 