  Columns Columns Bike Czar Car Culture City Business City People Eyes on Milwaukee House Confidential Murphy's Law NEWaukeean of the Week Plenty of Horne Taverns Murphy's Law Can Wisconsin Avenue Be Saved? A city task force hopes to revive the street but the obstacles are many. Milwaukee Medical Costs Finally Declining? Long known for globally high costs, Milwaukee show signs of a relative decline in prices. Global Warming Cover-Up Journal Sentinel’s coverage of Lake Michigan’s decline is bizarrely slanted. Why? The Truth About State Taxes They were never lower than under Jim Doyle, as new data shows. Is Milwaukee the Next Detroit? Analyzing this city’s key strengths and weaknesses. See More Plenty of Horne Grand Opening of Marsupial Bridge Connector Hurrah! Newly-opened Trestle Stair connects Marsupial Bridge to Commerce Street and better knits neighborhoods. Bike Feds Glossy Mag a Success The quarterly magazine now publishes 8,000 copies and has lots of advertisers, another sign of Milwaukee's bike renaissance. Daglas Does Dallas After a brief stay as Milwaukee Magazine editor, Cristina Daglas is off to become editor of D Magazine! St Paul Bridge Will Be Rebuilt Seventh bridge reconstructed on Barrett's watch will include streetcar tracks. Our Mounted Patrol The history, costs and benefits of the police department's horse patrol. See More People Recently Mentioned Bill Jordahl David Falstad David Prosser Jim Doyle Laurie McCallum Scott Walker Tom Barrett Tommy Thompson William Sachse Frank Zeidler H. Russell Zimmerman Jeremy Fojut Nancy O’Keefe Robert Bauman Leah Fiasca See More City People Laura Goldstein The artist’s scarves and other hand-made items have a contemporary beauty but also honor her family’s past. Judith Solochek Jacobson How an overweight corporate administrative manager transformed herself into a svelte fitness guru. Dan Baker He’s a small business owner, art activist and Christian, not necessarily in that order. Mack Bates The free lance film reviewer fell in love with movies as a teen and pursued his passion. Diane Murphy Graphic designer Diane Murphy lives and works in the Third Ward and can't resist promoting it to visitors. See More NEWaukeean of the Week Leah Fiasca GMC Project Director embraces a wide range of things that make Milwaukee great. Nicole Behnke "I've never met so many people with such a passion for the city they live in." Michelle Peterson "Talent Acquisition" specialist sees potential for more commercial growth in Milwaukee. Alison Hanrahan Yes, Milwaukee is great, but there's too many Cubs fans at Miller Park! Cassie Schroeder The consumer awareness representative for Southern Comfort likes the northern comfort of Milwaukee. See More Real Estate Building Database Under Construction Proposed Demolished Friday Photos The Longest Yard August 9th, 2013 by Dave Reid Silhouette Now Open August 2nd, 2013 by Dave Reid A New Look for 27th Street July 19th, 2013 by Dave Reid 31 New Riverwest Townhomes July 12th, 2013 by Dave Reid The Demolition at MIAD July 5th, 2013 by Dave Reid House Confidential Columns Shorewoods Mystery Mansion Margaret Connolly Flint has a gorgeous Lake Drive home, but why are all the blinds drawn? Herb Kohls Regency Condo The former U.S. Senator (call him Herschel) is on the 27th floor of what was once the elite tower in town. Nik Kovacs Very Modest Rental Flat It's a small flat in a modest little cottage, but, hey, the landscaping is nice. John Daniels Mequon Ranch Home The black attorney and power broker lives in a sprawling ranch house on a street of millionaires. Grant Langleys Dour Ranch Home It may be one of the dullest, most invisible homes in Milwaukee, and just barely. See More Latest Development News Is an “Art Island” Possible? Art Milwaukee’s idea to transform a RR swing bridge is intriguing but has hurdles to overcome. The Longest Yard Why does MSOE's new soccer field and parking lot make us think of a prison? Grand Opening of Marsupial Bridge Connector Hurrah! Newly-opened Trestle Stair connects Marsupial Bridge to Commerce Street and better knits neighborhoods. Radio Milwaukees Green Roof Installation The new green roof was installed with amazing speed and could last for 100 years. Silhouette Now Open The third building in Mandel Group's ever-growing North End apartment development is now available for move-in. See More /div> Neighborhoods List Amani Arlington Heights Avenues West Baran Park Bay View Beerline B Bluemound Heights Borchert Field Brady Street Brewers Hill Bronzeville Brynwood Burnham Park Calumet Farms Capitol Heights Castle Manor Century City Clarke Square Clock Tower Acres Concordia Cooper Park Dineen Park Downer Woods Downtown Dretzka Park East Side East Town East Village Enderis Park Estabrook Park Fairfield Fernwood Fifth Ward Florist Highlands Forest Home Hills Franklin Heights Garden Homes Golden Gate Grasslyn Manor Green Moor Grover Heights Halyard Park Harambee Harbor View Havenwoods Haymarket Hillside Hilltop Parish Historic Mitchell Street Historic Third Ward Honey Creek Parkway Jackson Park Johnsons Woods Johnsons Park Jones Island Juneau Town Kilbourn Town King Park Kops Park Lake Park Layton Boulevard West Layton Park Lincoln Creek Lincoln Park Lincoln Village Lindsay Heights Lower East Side Lyons Park Mack Acres Marquette Martin Drive Melody View Menomonee River Hills Menomonee River Valley Merrill Park Metcalfe Park Midtown Miller Valley Millwood Park Mitchell Field Mitchell Park Morgandale Murray Hill Muskego Way Nash Park National Park North Division Northpoint Old North Milwaukee Park East Park Knoll Park Place Park West Polonia Reed Street Yards Riverside Park Riverwest Roosevelt Grove Root Creek Rufus King Saint Joseph Schlitz Park Sherman Park Silver City Silver Spring St. Amelians Story Hill The Brewery Thurston Woods Tippecanoe Town  Country Manor Triangle Triangle North Tripoli Park Upper East Side Uptown Valhalla Veterans Affairs Walkers Point Walnut Hill Walnut Way Washington Heights Washington Park Westown White Manor Wick Field Williamsburg Heights Wilson Park Yankee Hill Zoo See More Downtown The Mystery of the Germania Statue It’s the city’s greatest art heist. How did a monumental, three-ton bronze statue disappear? The Longest Yard Why does MSOE's new soccer field and parking lot make us think of a prison? Can Wisconsin Avenue Be Saved? A city task force hopes to revive the street but the obstacles are many. Bike Feds Glossy Mag a Success The quarterly magazine now publishes 8,000 copies and has lots of advertisers, another sign of Milwaukee's bike renaissance. The $1 Million Art Project Steve Marcus’ plan to bring world class sculpture to Milwaukee is expensive. Is it a good idea? See More Neighborhood News MPS Mandates Community Service New MPS graduation requirement requires public service, promises community engagement Uncertain Outlook for Milwaukee Public Schools? Poverty, crime and retiree benefits all are issues for MPS, Thornton tells conference on schools. Field of Dreams Major League Baseball helps fund new baseball field for Milwaukee Boys and Girls Club. Finally a Health Care Clinic Under-served north side patients are already making appointments for new primary care clinic that opens in October. Can Milwaukee Succeeds Actually Succeed? Ambitious education effort by Greater Milwaukee Foundation faces "daunting" challenges. See More Photos Most Popular Rendering of Art Island. Rendering of Art Island. Rendering of Art Island. MSOE Athletic Field and Parking Complex. Shorewood Mansion See More Most Recent Brian Jacobson Rendering of Art Island. Rendering of Art Island. Rendering of Art Island. Take a book, leave a book. See More Recent Photo Galleries The Longest Yard Why does MSOE's new soccer field and parking lot make us think of a prison? The Kashubes Polka Picnic The annual picnic celebrates the 73 years (until 1943) that these Polish ancestors lived on Jones Island. Radio Milwaukees Green Roof Installation The new green roof was installed with amazing speed and could last for 100 years. A Very Pleasant Opening Photos and gossip from the ceremonial opening of the Pleasant Street Bridge. Silhouette Now Open The third building in Mandel Group's ever-growing North End apartment development is now available for move-in. See More Maps & Data Featured Richest Public Pensions in State History Here are the backdrop payments received by 1,712 county employees. 255 collected anywhere from $255,000 to $1 million -- plus a monthly pension. Maps Milwaukee Neighborhoods Milwaukee Skywalk System Original Proposed Streetcar Route Data Milwaukee County Pension Backdrops More public data coming shortly. Government City of Milwaukee Press Release : Rep. Richards to Introduce Legislation for Milwaukee Police Overtime Pay Press Release : Tall Grass/Noxious Weeds Ordinance Change Now in Effect in the City of Milwaukee Press Release : Mayor’s MPD overtime math doesn’t add up Press Release : Milwaukee County Supervisors Weishan and Stamper Propose County Take-over of Regulation of Taxicab Service Press Release : ‘Divide and Conquer’ politics stagnates Milwaukee’s economy, shuts out black males See More Milwaukee County Press Release : Milwaukee County Supervisors Weishan and Stamper Propose County Take-over of Regulation of Taxicab Service Abele Dumps County Transit Company Public bidding process awards bus contract to for-profit company. Press Release : County Board Supports Cultural Institutions, Unanimously Adopts Agreement that Honors Veterans and Protects Art A Big Heart for the Hungry Food pantry on Wisconsin Avenue feeds 1,600 people per month. Press Release : Courthouse Opening First Floor Services to the Public See More State of Wisconsin Walker’s picks recast labor board Most people in Wisconsin don’t know the Labor and Industry Review Commission even exists — unless or until it makes decisions affecting their lives. LIRC, an independent administrative agency, hears appeals of state rulings regarding unemployment insurance, worker’s compensation and equal rights — decisions that can be costly for employers and their insurers. Staffed with [...] Press Release : Rep. Richards to Introduce Legislation for Milwaukee Police Overtime Pay Press Release : Mayor’s MPD overtime math doesn’t add up Uncertain Outlook for Milwaukee Public Schools? Poverty, crime and retiree benefits all are issues for MPS, Thornton tells conference on schools. Lobbyists Spend $17 Million on Legislature Despite 96% drop in union spending, 600 groups spent $17 million on bills they favored in 2013. See More Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe to our daily email to keep up with the latest news. Email Address : Other Subscription Options Weekly Email Real Estate News Email Political News Email Murphy's Law Email RSS Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Twitter Tweets by @UrbanMilwaukee  Car Culture Freedom Brought to You by the American Auto Industry, Hello Officer, Put the Phone Down, and More By Dave Reid - Apr 26th, 2012 04:46 pm Car Culture Welcome to the first installment of Car Culture.  It will be a place for us to talk, think, and explore our addiction to the automobile.  Dont fear, it’s not about how much I hate cars, and isnt about forcing you to take the bus or ‘worse’ yet ride your bike. It is about understanding the history of our love affair with the automobile, and its true costs and consequences.  Often forgotten or hidden away is that the rise of car culture has had devastating impacts on the built environment, the natural environment, and our society. We’ll start off with a little trip down memory lane to see how we came to believe that the car is freedom.  Then we’ll talk about two ridiculous crashes, and learn about distracted driving.  Additionally, each week there will be the regular features of Dangerous Roads, Loosening Our Belt to Cure Obesity, and Tweet of the Week. Freedom Brought to You by the American Auto Industry U.S. automakers successfully sold the American public that access to an automobile is freedom, and that an automobile is an inalienable right, not a responsibility.  For decades millions of dollars have been spent marketing this concept to us.  It is so ingrained in our belief system that I’ve actually had friends tell me ‘my car is freedom’.  Yes, marketing works.  I’ve included just a two of the numerous examples where U.S. automakers have tied your freedom, to the car, sometimes quietly and other times they come right out and say it. Why be stuck with one expensive car when you can enjoy all the fun, and freedom of two Fords, questions the speaker for Ford Motor company in this commercial from the 50s. This one from Dodge in 2010 continues the tradition while drawing a direct line from freedom, in fact the Revolution, to the automobile. http://youtu.be/JMRMW1FXSHw So don’t confuse by what we’ve been sold, a bill of goods, and what is actually true, freedom certainly doesn’t require a car. Hello Officer You’d expect that crashing your car into a police car was a rare event, apparently not as this happened twice during the month of April in Wisconsin.  I suppose crashing your car into a squad car is essentially the same as smashing into any regular citizen’s car, but talk about distracted driving.  Please folks, dont drive into the flashing lights. Put the Phone Down Hundreds of students came together recently to learn about the dangers of texting and driving, and that’s a good lesson to learn.  According to a recent Bridgestone study 53 percent of teens answered “I dont believe I get too distracted while driving”, which if was actually true would be great but it’s more likely they are under reporting the truth, especially when considering that a third responded saying they read texts while driving.  And it isnt just teens that need to learn that distracted driving is distracted driving, all drivers need to understand that just about any activity and driving is usually a bad combination.  Your focus, motor skills, and judgement can be impaired, and when you are wielding a 4,000 pound weapon against unarmored pedestrians and bicyclists thats a problem.  Lets put the phone down as we can be dangerous to ourselves and others. Dangerous Roads Unlicensed driver charged in crash that killed Milwaukee boy Student struck by vehicle near Wadewitz Elementary School Germantown police find body in submerged vehicle Man seriously injured in crash; I-894 lanes closed CAUGHT ON CAM: Car drives through pizza shop 17-year-old arrested for OWI with minor passengers Two arrested over the weekend for fourth OWI in separate incidents 44-year-old Sturtevant woman arrested for sixth OWI Loosening Our Belt to Cure Obesity State details plans for expanding Interstate 39-90 Information session Wednesday on Hoan rebuild Tweet of the Week Why is it that divorced men are more Iikely to meet their car payments than their child support obligations? — ILLUMINATI (@ILLUMlNATI) April 23, 2012 Categories: Car Culture , Feature 24 comments Leave a comment  gavin April 26th, 2012 5:58 pm : Thanks Dave, this should prove to be an interesting series. Id like to add to your section on distracted driving. The whole concept of driving i believe has changed dramatically in the past few decades. Now with GPS, lane departure warning systems, collision avoidance systems, airbags, adaptive cruise control, huge SUVs, and 95%+ of cars having automatic transmissions, most drivers no longer think very much about the actual act of driving its no longer engaging to them. Its no wonder teenagers have been reported to think of driving as boring and dont feel there is much harm in being on the phone or texting while driving. It has been (jokingly) said that everyone would drive much better if we put a big spike in the middle of everyones steering wheel Dave Reid April 26th, 2012 6:41 pm : @gavin No doubbt More than once Ive been riding in a car and have reminded the driver, put the technology down. Be in the gps, ipad, er whatever, it seems that to some actually driving has become the secondary task instead of the primary task when driving! Peter Smith April 26th, 2012 8:33 pm : The general population is not addicted to the automobile  the auto industry is  thats a very different situation. Infrastructure is destiny. Allow people to walk and bike, and they will  its that simple. Jeff Jordan April 27th, 2012 7:55 am : When we talk about our addiction to automobiles, we have to include the enablers. Than main enabler to auto addiction is the automobile industry. By making the use of an automobile a life style statement rather than a function, we take the automobile from being a convenient way to travel to a badge of who we think we are and what we want to tell other people we are. Engineers talk about fitness for use. Define the usefulness of a machine or process and buy the best you can afford. (Think tools for house hold repairs or a vacuum cleaner.) When we buy a car, we often buy a model with features well never use because of what I call the national park dream. I probably never go to Yellowstone National Park, but I like to think I can, if I ever want too. So we buy off-road capable SUVs when statistically we will never leave the asphalt / concrete roads we insist on. My favorite is the Cadillac commercial that offers windshield wipers tested to work at 160 mph. Where and when would I need that? Im not in the habit of driving during a hurricane. The color, style and features of our car tell people what we think our status is. In realty, a car is a very expensive suit of clothes So they make it up and we eat it up. Dont blame them if we get drunk on this fantasy, theyre just the bartenders. Rick Risemberg April 27th, 2012 10:22 am : As I looked at the stunned and despondent expression on my neighbors face when he realized that his cars battery was dead, i was reminded once again that cars dont grant freedom; rather, they breed dependence. He works a mile and a half away, but could not imagine traveling without the car. He was, in effect his servants slave. If you want to read more about how the car was systematically associated with freedom and other national identity constructs, i recommend looking at Cotton Seilers excellent book, Republic of Drivers. I have published a brief review of it at Sustainable City News. See it here: http://www.sustainablecitynews.com/br-repdriv.html Dave Reid April 27th, 2012 10:50 am : @Rick Exactly. Dave Reid April 27th, 2012 10:50 am : @Peter Oh I fully believe it is a two-way street. Dave Reid April 27th, 2012 10:51 am : @Jeff Clearly the Auto makers are one of the big enablers, but there are others which well get to. Dave Steele April 27th, 2012 12:34 pm : Our society has turned into a bunch of babies. When planning an event for my job, a lot of thought and effort has to be given to parking, helping people find parking, holding peoples hands to help them find their parking, reassuring people about the parking, etc. If there is not a place to park within one block people will not come. People are surprised when I show up to a meeting on foot, even though I walked a mere four blocks to get there. I was at an event at the Marquette Law School recently, for which all of the participants were granted free parking in the underground structure. The organizer told me that the Law school students and faculty were upset because they lost their parking spots and had to park in a structure two blocks away. So this is what our society has come to? How ironic that America, land of the free, has become so utterly dependent on one transport method. Cars do not make us free, they enslave us. The thing is, cars have an important role to play. Thanks to the car I am able to visit far flung places around the State with regularity. I am able to make a visit to Ikea to buy crappy furniture. So, cars are necessary and important, for many everyday tasks. But why, in order to get to my place of employment, or to run out and get some baby formula, must I set fire to a fossil fuel that has been mined and transported from the other side of the planet, processed and used to transport a two-ton hunk of steel, all to carry a 150 pound passenger and a 12 ounce canister of baby formula? But of course Im preaching to the choir here. How do we get most people, those who dont really think about this stuff, to choose a more sane method to run to the library or the bank? Gomez@1302A April 27th, 2012 1:09 pm : The auto industry and post WWII government policy that seems to continue today. Its all about new construction on virgin land. Now the rest of the worlds developing nations want to make the same mistakes we have. Everyone wants their own cracker box house and a Ford Ranch Wagon Dave Reid April 27th, 2012 1:22 pm : @Gomez No doubt the government played er plays a big role in this and I will touch on that topic as well in the future. Dave Reid April 27th, 2012 1:23 pm : @Dave Steele No doubt Mario Valentinelli April 27th, 2012 4:30 pm : @Dave Steele Couldnt agree more. The production and use of the automobile is bittersweet. The impact on the economy and overall quality of life has been immense throughout history. The problem? Not using this technology responsibly and thoughtfully. Add to that all of the solutions for reducing car usage squashed by those in positions of power. Gomez@1302A April 27th, 2012 4:49 pm : And GM paid an embarrassing, irrelevant, $5000 penalty In 1951 for conspiracy to buy and dismantle cities street car and light rail systems to replace them with buses. Bob Davis April 28th, 2012 12:12 am : Oh my, theres that GM destroyed our streetcar and light rail systems accusation again. GM (and its allies) didnt help matters any, but the disappearance of electric railways is a much more complex story than just the National City Lines saga. For example, San Franciscos Municipal Railway didnt buy a GM bus until 1969, yet by 1958, they had eliminated all but five streetcar lines, and of those, four ran through tunnels too tight for bus operation. One factor that was in place until 1954 was a city ordinance requiring two-person crews on streetcars, but allowing driver-only operation on buses. Another factor throughout the country was worn-out track and overhead. By the 1940s many lines that had been built in the 1900s were showing their age, but so many former trolley riders had bought automobiles that the railway companies didnt have the money or credit to rebuild the tracks and wires, but could buy buses with favorable financing terms. One writer pointed out that the very ruggedness of trolley cars was a weakness; for example, as late as 1947, both Pacific Electric and LA Transit Lines were still using cars that were built about the same time that Henry Ford introduced the Model T. Brent C Wozniak April 29th, 2012 2:10 pm : Our dependence on cars was/is often exasperated by city and regional planning which made it easier to build new houses and office parks outside of city centers instead of downtown where they would be accessible by different modes of transportation. People forget that roads are part of the public right of way and to be used by everyone no matter their income level or lifestyle. Are you going to be touching on the public health ramifications automobile dependence has cause our society? Liz H April 29th, 2012 6:38 pm : Just wanted to point out that the second article linked under Dangerous Roads describes a child hitting a car, not a car hitting a child. (Vehicle drivers need to watch out for children running into their cars!! Its dangerous out there!) Dave Reid April 30th, 2012 7:10 am : @Brent Im sure Ill bring up the Health issues from time to time as well. Dave Reid April 30th, 2012 7:12 am : @Liz H Yeah I see that now, but dont worry Ill have plenty of material on dangerous roads. Daniel N April 30th, 2012 10:37 am : What makes these ads particularly cruel (and effective) is that automobile ownership does seem to enhance freedom at first. That 50s family really will be able to travel around more freely with a second car than with the first. However, over time, infrastructure and land use simply adjusts itself. Call it homeostasis of freedom. The places you go move further away from each other. More people seek out the elusive freedom of the open road and it starts to clog up. Massive public investment is made to unclog it, pushing development further away and mandating car ownership and more driving ever more strictly. Cycle continues. This 50s housewife soon finds herself with no more freedom than she had in the first place  only with a car payment and gas expenses. The public is left to pick up the rest of the tab. The poor and vulnerable, who cannot play this game and are not featured on the ads, are left out entirely. The Lexington Streetsweeper April 30th, 2012 12:50 pm : Daniel, Add to this the then, new need for the wife to get a job to help make ends meet. That just adds the extra expense of work wardrobe, added commuting cost and the very expensive cost of daycare. In the best of cases it is a net sum =0 but usually the final tally is a loss. American driving is sometimes more about driving to get away from places than it is to get to someplace. John April 30th, 2012 3:33 pm : The freedom these commercials evoke is an illusion based on, quite simply, an exchange of the urban for the suburban (the 1955 commercial) and the power of the car to express anger aboutironicallyincreasing car-dependence (the 2010 commercial). The slight-of-hand works very quickly in the first commercialthe woman says  because we live in the suburbs and then recites the long list of problems that entails (isolation, lack of ability to get to events and places, etc). It shifts the argument from the sanity of the original choice (to move away from walkable places to life in the burbs) to solving the problems inherent in that choice (which are conveniently solved by use of the advertisers products and government subsidies for roads and cheap gas). The 2010 commercial is somewhat more disturbing. The fantasy of cars coming onto an American Revolutionary battlefield is the premise. This commercials power slowly builds as you see the vulnerable people (Europeans!) on foot scramble. To me, this commercial embodies the fantasy of suburbanites who are frustrated by their car-dependence (although they may not be able to articulate this, they definitely feel itit literally is a tyranny over their lives). The car-dependent people no doubt would like to take out their anger on someone or something. The smug people who walk are a target (after all, they want to force everyone out of cars!). You can see this anger play out every day in automobiles speeding along streets, ignoring pedestrians in crosswalks, and the drivers clamoring for still more free parking and cheap gas. The interesting thing is that this commercial is based on angerand the anger is directed toward people who are walking (and not buying the advertisers products or extending support for car-dependence). Looking forward to more in this series! Peter Smith May 1st, 2012 6:14 am : Oh my, there’s that “GM destroyed our streetcar and light rail systems” accusation again. GM (and its allies) didn’t help matters any Interesting. Lets see: Harpers Magazine, February 1981: The Great Transportation Conspiracy http://harpers.org/archive/1981/02/page/0016 In many places, mass transit didnt just dieit was murdered. No doubt the mass availability of the automobile inevitably would have changed travel habits to a great degree, but it will never be known to what extent electrified transport would have died on its own. The big conspirator companies were unwilling to entrust their fates to the market. Instead, they methodically removed the competition. In knowing violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act, they used their economic power to take over a small bus company and, through it, acquired and dismantled one electrified mass-transit system after another, replacing them with buses. The buses, besides being built and supplied by GM and the oil companies, never had the same appeal for riders that the electrified transit systems did, and merely added to the allure of the private car. Then the big companies that orchestrated the demise of the trolley tried to cover over their own tracks as surely as they covered over the tracks of many a rail line. The G11 conspiracy case is a fine example of what can happen when important matters of public policy are abandoned by government to the self-interest of corporationssomething that is occurring right now in the realm of energy. Yes, I guess its fair to say that GMs grievous acts didnt kill off public transit on their own  that they merely didnt help matters any. Similarly, I supposed its fair to say that the invading Brits grievous acts (giving smallpox-tainted blankets to Native Americans) didnt kill off the majority of the Native American population on their own  that they merely didnt help matters any. Roger September 22nd, 2012 6:31 pm : We also need to address the issue of affordability. Because, frankly, if one has to take out a loan from our debt-enslavers to purchase a car, then he simply cannot afford it. I think the credit industry has skewed the average Americans notion of what is affordable and what is not. Upcoming Events Friday, 16 August, 2013 30 Americans JMKAC presents: Uncommon Ground Lebowski Fest Milwaukee 2013 Monday, 19 August, 2013 JMKAC presents: Uncommon Ground JMKAC presents: Uncommon Ground Tuesday, 20 August, 2013 JMKAC presents: Uncommon Ground Skyline Music Concerts Skyline Music Concerts Wednesday, 21 August, 2013 JMKAC presents: Uncommon Ground Thursday, 22 August, 2013 JMKAC presents: Uncommon Ground Recent Comments Mike Jacobs on House Confidential: Mike Jacobs Landmark Condominium Frank on Plenty of Horne: Will WisDOT Propose Expanding I-43? Kyle on Plenty of Horne: Will WisDOT Propose Expanding I-43? Dave K. on Plenty of Horne: Will WisDOT Propose Expanding I-43? Mr. Michael Horne on Plenty of Horne: Will WisDOT Propose Expanding I-43? Recent Photos See Our Photo Pool on Flickr Press Releases Bronzeville Week all about celebrating the past, present and future of key Milwaukee district August 14th, 2013 by Milele Coggs Rep. Richards to Introduce Legislation for Milwaukee Police Overtime Pay August 13th, 2013 by Jon Richards MCTS Schedule Changes Effective August 25th, 2013 August 12th, 2013 by Milwaukee County Transit System Tall Grass/Noxious Weeds Ordinance Change Now in Effect in the City of Milwaukee August 12th, 2013 by City of Milwaukee IN:SITE Announces Digital Billboard Art Month August 12th, 2013 by Press Release Community violence concerning, proposed solutions lacking August 12th, 2013 by Ashanti Hamilton Mayor’s MPD overtime math doesn’t add up August 12th, 2013 by Bob Donovan Laughlin Constable Earns Two Awards for Workplace Flexibility August 9th, 2013 by Press Release Milwaukee County Supervisors Weishan and Stamper Propose County Take-over of Regulation of Taxicab Service August 9th, 2013 by Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors ‘Divide and Conquer’ politics stagnates Milwaukee’s economy, shuts out black males August 9th, 2013 by Joe Davis, Sr. Schedule of daily events released for Bronzeville Week August 8th, 2013 by Milele Coggs Lily Colon of Milwaukee Wins 2013 USTA/NJTL Arthur Ashe Essay Contest August 8th, 2013 by Press Release Pheasants Forever Taking “National Pheasant Fest” Event to Milwaukee in 2014 August 8th, 2013 by Press Release Rep. Goyke Commemorates Purple Heart Day August 7th, 2013 by Evan Goyke Entrepreneur Grows Hobby Into One of Largest Pet Centers in Country August 6th, 2013 by Press Release Event Invitation from Alderman Nik Kovac August 6th, 2013 by Nik Kovac Forest Home Library Closed on Tuesday, August 6th August 5th, 2013 by Milwaukee Public Library Denim Park Music Series Starts Tonight July 31st, 2013 by Press Release First “Uptown Community Garden of Peace Picnic” July 30th, 2013 by Russell Stamper, II Leaders Propose Granting Federal Medicaid Funds to WI Counties, Cite Ohio Model July 30th, 2013 by Citizen Action of Wisconsin Read more press releases  Information About Advertise Calendar Contact Shop Subscribe style="width:80%;"> Follow Us The Store 755 N. Milwaukee St. Milwaukee, WI 53202 ph: 414-395-0632 Hours Subscribe * indicates required First Name Last Name Email Address *  2013, Urban Milwaukee, Inc. All rights reserved.  