 money section  Saving & Spending Budgeting Banking Credit Cards Loans Real Estate Buying a Home Home Loans Selling a Home Business & Career Career Advice Land the Job Work for Yourself Start a Business Run a Business Insurance Insurance Basics Auto Insurance Life Insurance Retirement Get Started Plan Ahead Make It Last Investing Building Wealth Balancing a Portfolio Managing Your Money eHow Now More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Careers  Work Careers Management Jobs Careers in Entertainment  Arts Management Careers in Entertainment  Arts Management By Alex Burke , eHow Contributor Share Print this article The entertainment industry needs managers. Film production, performing arts programs, fashion and new media are industries that continue to grow and provide management challenges. Not only do these fields revolve around "talent," they require leadership and business management skills. Career paths are available for those who combine management skills with an understanding of entertainment and art production. Careers in entertainment and arts management require more than entry-level skills. Other People Are Reading Jobs in Entertainment Careers in Media Management Creative Director Creative directors can be found in advertising agencies, film and television production companies, theatre production, publishing and just about any business that designs fashion or consumer products. The creative director steers the company product design. Creative directors keep their eyes on the marketplace, search and develop trends and oversee the creation and development of product lines and marketing campaigns. They decide which ideas are pitched to clients or released to the public. Required skills include an understanding of branding, marketing, advertising and the psychology of selling. The best way to prepare for the role of creative director is to work in a variety of positions within advertising, marketing or publishing. A successful creative director has an understanding of editing, designing and copywriting. Grants Manager Many arts and entertainment organizations are funded by grant money. Funding organizations, those companies, associations or entities awarding the grant money, require accountability by those receiving the money. Grants managers meet all obligations from managing the project to complying with any regulations and reporting. Funding involves a large amount of paperwork and a continuing balancing act between project progress and compliance. Grants managers need project management, purchasing and accounting skills along with knowledge about the portion of the arts and entertainment industry they are working for. A bachelor's degree in business administration or accounting is required. Talent Agent Talent agents manage actors, models, entertainers, musicians, directors, athletes or writers by using their business and entertainment connections to find them jobs, also referred to as booking. Talent agents arrange auditions and finalize contracts when their talent is hired. Agents receive a percentage of the contracts their talent signs. They also search for talent to represent. Although a formal degree or education is not required, understanding how to run a business and how the entertainment industry works is necessary. Most talent agents have worked as production assistants, agent assistants and events managers, and understand artist and actor union requirements.  Related Searches References Entertainment and Arts Management Overview The Grantsmanship Center: Essentials Of Grant Management Career Paths/Occupational Information and Resources Resources Advertising Age Magazine Online Association of Talent Agents, "Talent Agency Licensing" Photo Credit movie image by saied shahinkiya from Fotolia.com More Like This Jobs in Entertainment Careers in Media Management Arts Management Training Comments You May Also Like Arts  Entertainment Careers Arts  Entertainment Careers. The arts, entertainment and recreation industries were responsible for about 2 million jobs in 2008, according to the... How to Earn a Degree in Arts Management Arts Management (or Arts Administration) has gained acceptance as a college major and profession. With the proliferation of professional entertainers, media ... Careers in Sports Media  Entertainment Careers in Sports Media  Entertainment. For those who want to stay connected to sports, even after their playing days are over,... Careers for a Sports Management Degree Careers for a Sports Management Degree. Sports management degrees are offered by several colleges and universities all across the United States, but... Schools for the Recording Arts  Business Entertainment Schools for the Recording Arts  Business Entertainment. With todays ever-evolving technology, aspiring music producers, recording engineers, promoters and managers ... Jobs With a Degree in Sports Entertainment Event Management Sports Entertainment Event Management degrees are currently offered at a few schools. A major in sports entertainment event management includes classes such... Colleges in Illinois With Bachelors of Arts in Music Management Working in the music industry is a dream for many people. If creating or performing music is not your talent, a job... How to Write a Job Description for Assistant Manager A strong job description for assistant manager should be concisely written, but still provide the prospective candidates with a thorough overview of... Legal Entertainment Careers and Jobs Legal Entertainment Careers and Jobs. Careers in the entertainment industry require talent, understanding of business and self-discipline. These careers allow people ... Arts Management Training Arts management combines two seemingly unrelated areas: business and the arts. Training for arts management requires training in how to manage a... Art Manager Job Description Art managers, also known as art directors, are self-employed or work for ad agencies, art galleries, graphic design companies, motion picture and... How do I Become a Nonprofit Business Executive? Becoming a nonprofit business executive requires all the skills of a for-profit business executive and some skills they dont teach you in... Careers That Combine Art and Writing If your expertise, education and passion for the creative process is split between the world of art and the craft of writing,... Media  Entertainment Law Schools For prospective law students planning to pursue careers in media and entertainment law, the search for law schools may become quite specific.... Funding for Community Arts Projects Community art projects, by definition, are artistic endeavors that involve or improve the local community in some way. Finding funding sources for... Careers That Combine Business, Art  Government National museums offer careers combining business, art, and government. smithsonian museum of natural history image by Ritu Jethani from Fotolia.com What Can I Do With My Entertainment Business Bachelors Degree? The entertainment business dominates everything from news outlets to retail sales to education. A degree in entertainment business management, coupled with a... Jobs to Do While Traveling Around the World Traveling the world may be your dream, but it can cost a lot of money to make that happen. One way to... What Are Entertainment Marketing Jobs? The world is saturated with different forms of entertainment, and marketing for the entertainment industry encompasses a wide range of activities. The... Related Ads  View Photos Splurge vs. Spend: Your Grocery List You May Like Arts Management Training How to Earn a Degree in Arts Management How to Start an Entertainment Management Company How to Start an Artist Development Company Art Management Schools Art Management Projects How to Manage an Entertainer Starting a Management Company Featured 3 Money-Saving Tricks Youve Never Heard Of Check It Out Frugal Grocery Shopping Tips View Photos 10 Ways to Build Up Home Equity Check It Out Others Also Viewed Advanced Media Production Salary Careers in Media Production Jobs in Entertainment Law Jobs in Arts  Entertainment What Jobs Can I Get With a Masters of Arts in Leadership ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 