 Overall Services Auto Body Repair and Paint Albuquerque Car Repair 505-633-7210 Home Body Shop Auto Repair About Contact Reviews Albuquerque Car repair Albuquerque Body Shop Scratch, Rust, Dent Repair Engine and Brake Repair Free Car Repair Estimates Call 505-633-7210 Now!  Click to Listen to our radio ad:  OVERALL SERVICES free headlight polish Fully Guaranteed Auto Repair Work in Albuquerque, NM Print this coupon and Save 10%! Call 505-633-7200 to Buy a Gift Certificate! A Perfect Gift! Find us on Google+ What to do in case of an accident? Call the 800 number on your insurance card. Tell them you want to take your car to Overall Services. Check your policy to see if you are eligible for a rental car while your vehicle is being repaired. If another party is paying for the repairs, their insurance company is required to provide you with a rental car. If your vehicle is drivable, call Overall services at 505-553-1533 for an inspection. If not drivable, have it towed to Overall Services at 9920 Trumbull SE Unit 4, Albuquerque, NM 87123. Overall Services and your insurance company will agree on an estimated price and time-frame for repairs. Know Your Rights! Did you know In most states it is illegal for an insurance company to steer you to a particular body shop. You can take your vehicle to any body shop of your choice. The insurance company is required by law to write  a fair and competitive estimate for the repairs. Be aware that when a vehicle has been in an accident, hidden damage may be found during the repair process requiring a supplemental estimate to repair the additional damage. By law, the insurance deductible must be paid to the body shop for vehicle repairs. However, Overall Services may offer a referral fee payable upon completion of repairs and final payment. (Will be negotiated at time of final estimate) Read more about our Albuquerque Collision Repair and Albuquerque Body Shop Read more about our Albuquerque Car Repair Service Before During After  Highest Rated Albuquerque Auto Body Shop Testimonials Find us on Google+ Google - View Our Reviews on Google I got my headlights polished by Wayne - Overall Services. They look brand new. It is so reasonable priced and will make my vehicle so much safer to drive. - Christine Turpen Thank you for providing such a great service. I love driving my "new car". You took time to find the best deals and save me money! When you returned my car the inside had been cleaned and a beautiful gift of soap was waiting for me. I would recommend you to all my friend. Thanks again! - Jeannine Michael Our Services Fully Guaranteed Auto Repair Work in Albuquerque, NM Collision Repair Rubber and Plastic Bumper Repair Fiberglass Repair Paint and Body Work Mechanical Repairs Headlight Restoration Glass Restoration Upholstery Repair New and Used Auto Parts Motorcycle Repair Watercraft Repair (Boats, Jet Skis, Wave Runners) Home Body Shop Auto Repair About Contact Reviews Copyright Overall Services Auto Repair and Body Shop, 2011 Overall Services 9920 Trumbull Avenue Southeast Albuquerque, NM 87123 (505) 633-7210 Find us on Google+ Google  2013 - Sitemap  WassUp 1.8.1 timestamp: 2013-08-27 09:28:04PM UTC (03:28PM)If above timestamp is not current time, this page is cached. 