 Find a manual   Car Repair Manuals: Chilton, Haynes, Bentley DIY Car Repair Maintain, service and repair your car with the help of a Chilton, Haynes or Bentley DIY workshop manual. We also offer a comprehensive selection of factory passenger car shop manuals, also referred to as Original Equipment Manufacturer or O.E.M., for short. These books cover domestic cars ranging from the early teens to the late 1970s. In addition to printed OEM guides, we also stock a big selection of factory manuals on CD. Mostly for domestic makes and models, with some import coverage. And for professionals (or knowledgeable do-it-yourselfers), we offer Autodata Professional Manuals. FACTORY SHOP MANUALS Domestic cars. Early teens to late '70s. FACTORY SHOP MANUALS ON CD Mostly domestic models. Some imports. AUTODATA PRO MANUALS Guides for professional mechanics & techs. Acura Repair Manuals Alfa Romeo Repair Manuals American Motors (AMC) Repair Manuals Audi Repair Manuals BMW Repair Manuals Buick Repair Manuals Cadillac Repair Manuals Chevrolet Repair Manuals Chrysler, Dodge, Plymouth Repair Manuals Fiat Repair Manuals Ford, Lincoln, Mercury Repair Manuals Geo Repair Manuals Honda Repair Manuals Hyundai Repair Manuals Infiniti Repair Manuals Jaguar Repair Manuals KIA Repair Manuals Lexus Repair Manuals Mazda Repair Manuals Mercedes-Benz Repair Manuals MG, Austin-Healey Repair Manuals MINI Cooper Repair Manuals Mitsubishi Repair Manuals Nissan, Datsun Repair Manuals Oldsmobile Repair Manuals Opel Repair Manuals Pontiac Repair Manuals Porsche Repair Manuals Renault Repair Manuals Saab Repair Manuals Saturn Repair Manuals Subaru Repair Manuals Toyota Repair Manuals Triumph Repair Manuals Volkswagen (VW) Repair Manuals Volvo Repair Manuals You can fix it! The DIY manuals we sell, can help you save money on all kinds of service, repair jobs and more. Easy-to-follow step-by-step instructions with clear and close-up photos ensure you have the right level of information to do the job right. Having access to an automotive repair manual is like having a professional car mechanic by your side. And equally as important, you must have the right car service manual. One that will provide step-by-step, easy-to-follow instructions to help you get the job done quickly and correctly. The repair manuals available at The Motor Bookstore provide exactly that. Clear, sequential text instructions, accompanied by sharp photos and illustrations of a complete vehicle teardown and rebuild. And best of all, whether you choose a Haynes, Chilton or Bentley repair manual, they are intended for the do-it-yourselfer, so you can repair or maintain your car with ease. From the simplest service procedure to the most complex overhaul job, an automotive repair manual is a tool you don't want to be without. Manuals by Haynes , Chilton , and Clymer , on sale. Privacy | Security | Store Info | Contact us | Site Map | Shipping  The Motor Bookstore A Division of iSite Enterprises, Inc. 4430 Lavon Dr. 374-132 Garland, TX 75040 Contact and Office Hour Information Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. CT Phone: 214-385-4890 or 888-255-2950 | Email Copyright  1997-2013 TheMotorBookstore.com SERVICE & REPAIR Car Repair Manuals Truck Shop Manuals Van Repair Manuals Motorcycle Manuals Tractor Manuals Outboard & Inboard Personal Watercraft Snowmobiles RV & Camper Power Equipment HOW-TO BOOKS Engine Rebuilding High-Performance Transmission Brakes, Suspension Electrical, OBD Auto Body & Paint Car Restoration Hot Rods, Customs Weld, Fabricate Auto Racing Automotive: General MOTORHEAD STUFF Lighted Clocks Gift Ideas for Men  