  Home Guides Car Buying Guide Bad Credit Buying Private Car Sales Blue Book Guide Used Car Inspection Credit & Loans Your FICO Score Bad Credit Loans Good Credit Loans Auto Loan Refinance Insurance GAP Insurance Extended Warranty Tips, Tricks & Reviews Blog Articles Car Salesman CarMax Review Car Buying Scams Bad Credit Lenders Got Questions? Site Map Your Questions Auto Loan Help [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site Car Salesman Tips How to Sell Cars Ethically and Profitably Car Salesman tips and tricks to master the art of selling cars. How to sell cars for a living, even in a tough economy... It may seem a little odd that a car buying tips website would have a section devoted to salesmen (saleswomen included) and how they can increase their sales and profits, but the information found throughout this section of the site can actually be used for both buyers and salesmen. If you are planning on buying a car you can learn what's going on behind the scenes and what to expect. If you are a salesman or saleswoman you can increase your knowledge and fine tune your skills. You can even ask your Car Sales Questions below. Let's begin with... How Much Car Salesman Make? OK, let's get to the good stuff! One of the most popular pages on this site is about car salesman salary , how they're paid and what to expect. This is an excellent page to start with as this will show you whether or not you can actually profit in this business. Hint: Car salesmen can do quite well, even in this economy. Steps to the Sale Now that you've had a chance to see how much money can be made selling cars you're probably eager to get started... Selling cars is not as easy as simply meeting a buyer, going on a test drive and signing some contracts. It can be, but it's usually not the case. Those crafty buyers will make you work just a little bit harder than that and most car dealerships will have steps to the sale to follow. Read my How to Sell Cars page to learn the most common steps to the sale that car dealerships use. If you are already a car salesman and are currently in a rut or you simply want to take your sales to the next level, take a look at my How to Sell More Cars page. This will give you some insight into what the "Top Dogs" do day in and day out to sell more and earn more. Even though those tend to be the most common steps to the sale, I've found that the best approach I've ever used and/or been trained in, was Grant Cardone Sales Training , it literally saved my car sales career. His approach is very "21st Century," non-confrontational and extremely effective. I've begun to see many dealerships switching over to the Grant Cardone style of sales or similar systems. It's very pressure free for buyers while at the same time smoothly moves the sale forward. This typically translates to more sales and higher profits. The newly built Sales Tips page is a great refresher for those in the business and a must read for "newbies." Be Ethical for More Profits and Good Sleep There are really only two ways to sell cars and you can profit either way, but only one is for a long standing career with a steadily increasing income and the ability to sleep well at night with a clear conscience. In addition, you'll have a steady and solid base of repeat and referral customers that will actually make your job easier as time goes on. The second way to sell cars is through deception and bold faced lies. If you choose this option you'll probably find yourself bouncing from dealership to dealership with little to no repeat business, or referrals, and somewhere down the road you'll have such a bad name that you may have problems getting a job in your city, or worse, the entire state. To sum this this up, stay ethical, make fair profits, sleep well at night and be proud to call yourself a professional car salesman. Oh yeah, don't be The Badger ! Talk the Talk This business can be a funny one and it also has its own language. If you want to start your first day at the dealership and not be viewed as a total "Green Pea," then you'll want to know what the heck everyone is talking about. Take a look at the car salesman dictionary Slang Words and Phrases to learn the language and speak like a pro! Things That Are Bound to Drive You Crazy Selling cars can be a fun and profitable job, but it also comes with some drawbacks. Take a look at 7 Things That Will Drive You Crazy . That page was originally written for people buying cars and I'll apologize in advance for spilling the beans, but whether I wrote about it or not, trust me, these 7 things would still happen. Top Car Negotiation Tips  Car Sales Closing Techniques In order to start closing sales, it's important to have a solid foundation and understanding of the negotiation process. Take a look at these Car Negotiation Tips to see some of what I consider to be absolutely essential rules of the road for closing a car deal. These are not strictly car salesman closes, but what it takes to build a strong closing base. Ben Franklin Close Ben Franklin would have been an excellent closer and a strong car salesman. OK, maybe that's a bit of a stretch, but he did leave behind a very solid closing technique that is still used quite successfully to this day. Take a look at the Ben Franklin Close to learn how Mr. Franklin made tough decisions. My Boss Said No Close "My boss said NO!" I'm sure you've been told no by your boss before, but now you can finally make some money turning those no's into car deals. Closing sales is fun and can be easy with this profitable car salesman closing technique. Sales closing technique when the boss says no . The Handshake Closing Technique One of my favorite closing techniques that I used rather frequently to close the deal and make more profits when I was a car salesman. The Handshake Close , Congratulate, Shake, Disclose and Close! Handling "Payment Too High" Objections Here are some funny come backs to the most common objection the Payments Are Too High . They're not only funny, but can be very effective. Top Your Car Sales Questions Have car sales questions about closing techniques, sales strategies, miscellaneous car salesman tips, or anything car sales related, but didn't find your answers, please don't hesitate to contact me just below. Enter a General Title for Your Question What's your question? [ ? ] Close Help Your question will appear on a Web page exactly the way you enter it here (only your first name, city and state are shared). You can wrap a word in square brackets to make it appear bold. For example my story would show as my story on the Web page containing your question. Author Information (optional) To receive credit as the author, enter your information below. Your Name (first or full name) Your Location (ex. City, State, Country) Submit Your Contribution Check box to agree to these submission guidelines .  (You can preview and edit on the next page) Click here to see the rest of the form and ask your question. What Other Visitors Have Asked Click on the links below to read other visitors questions and get the answers... How Does a Car Salesman Keep From Getting Walked Around the Lot Question: How does a car salesman keep from getting walked around the lot car to car giving prices for each one? I am have trouble when every  How Can I Prospect for Customers as a Car Salesman Question: How can I prospect for customers as a car salesman? I had an interview with a car dealership-they asked me how I would find my new  How Much Can I Make Selling Cars in the First Month? Question: How much can I expect to make selling cars in my first month? I recently started to work for Hudson Kia and it's my second week  Is a Car Sales Job Right for Me Question: Is a car sales job right for me? I'm considering a career as a car salesman, but am looking for some advice.I am 30 years old  AutoMax Car Salesman Training, How Legit is AutoMax? Question: Hello, I've recently been looking into getting in the car sales business, so looking through Craigslist I find a posting from a nearby  I want to be a car salesman. Question: Hello, my name is Carlos and I am going to college in pursuit of a bachelors degree in architecture or business. About myself,  Car Sales Qualifying Questions Question: I need some advice for car sales qualifying questions. I am currently spending way too much time with people who can't or won't buy  Want to be a Finance Manager for a Car Dealership Question: I want to be a Finance Manager for a Car Dealership and I know most dealerships want you to have auto sales experience first, which  Car Dealership Internships Question: I'm a freshman in college and I was wondering how I could get a car dealership internship or a part time job at a car dealership.  Move from Independent to Franchise Dealer in Finance Question: Looking to move from a smaller independent dealership to a franchise dealership in Finance.I've been working at a small independent  Car Salesman Qualifying Questions Question: What are some key car salesman qualifying questions to ask a potential car buyer? I'm looking for questions to see if they can buy,  Building Rapport as a Car Salesman Question: What are some questions used to build rapport? Answer: Hi Lasha. Rapport building as a car salesman will vary from customer  Becoming a car sales man Question: I have worked in retail for 2 years now as a manager at an auto parts store. What would be my chances of becoming a car sales man  Car Salesman Interview Tips Question: Hey I have an interview at a big, new Nissan dealership in Georgia on Monday and I really want to make a good impression and I kinda  Can I get a job at a Honda Dealership? Question: Good day, my name is Stephen and I've been interested in getting a job as a car salesman in order to help me gain money before going  Besides Lot Traffic, Where Would I Find Customers Question: I am considering becoming a car salesman after 25 years in transportation management, some sales also. I was wondering how you could  Click here to write your own. I Want to be a Salesman - Advice? Jay in Illinois Hi there, you seem very intelligent on what you are preaching so I had a few questions for you about being a car salesman. I'm 20 years old and in college now planning on getting a bachelors in business, but I want to be a car salesman, I love cars so much!!... What Benefits Come With The Job Car sales questions from Tony in Hampshire, IL Hi, I am thinking about taking a job as a car salesman and a local car dealership is offering paid training. They sell BMW and Volks... How do I Get More Customers? Corey in Florida How as a car salesman do I get in front of more people during the day? I seem to get fewer than everyone... Return from Car Salesman to Insider Car Buying Tips home Copyright 2008-2011 www.InsiderCarBuyingTips.com Click here to view my Privacy Policy New & Used Car Buying Guide Bad Credit Car Buying Guide Your Credit & FICO Score Good Credit Auto Loans Bad Credit Auto Loans Search 400+ Pages!   Enter postal code: Choose your country: USA CAN 