 Compare and Save! AAAWebDirectory Avivadirectory Alivedirectory $4.95 Regular $24.95 Featured $49.95/YEAR Regular $74.95/YEAR Featured $149.95 Regular $224.95 Featured Best Value !!! Submit Site | Top Sites | New Sites | New Articles | Remove/Modify Link | Contact AAAWebDirectory.com ~ Arts  Entertainment ~ Humor Sort by: Hits | Alphabetical Regular Links Funniest Jokes The worlds funniest jokes. www.funniestjokes.com ~ Read more... Funny Pictures FloppyTaco lists all the best dirty jokes,funny jokes and blonde jokes. We also have hilarious pictures and a lot of stupid video clips. FloppyTaco is your joke of the day site. www.FloppyTaco.com ~ Read more... Comedy, jokes, and humor Jokes, funny stories and pictures, and practical jokes. If its funny, fun, or has to do with humor, we have it. www.goobsmooch.com ~ Read more... Funny Poems Humorous and occasionally rude poems for teenagers and adults www.peculiar-poetry.com ~ Read more... Worlds Funniest Jokes A collection of the worlds funniest jokes. www.funniestjokes.net ~ Read more... Funny Jokes Laugh loud after reading hundreds of funny jokes from funnyjokes.co.in. Your source for rib tickling jokes from around the world. www.funnyjokes.co.in ~ Read more... Funny 3GP Videos Download Stupid and Funny Video Clips and files from stupid3gp.com. At stupid 3gp you have all the fun related video clips. www.stupid3gp.com ~ Read more... Wazoon! Funny Media! Wazoon! is your best source for funny, extreme, and cool videos, sweet games to play, and a ton of other awesome stuff to do! www.wazoon.com ~ Read more... SMS Dose: Daily Funny SMS Jokes Your Daily Dose of Free SMS Jokes Portal, Free SMS Jokes, Free Love SMS, Free Friendship SMS, and Many More. Free SMS Messaging Worldwide. www.smsdose.com ~ Read more... Ha! Ha! Ha! Had a stressful day? Tired? Bored? Need relaxation? Want some fun in your life? Want to smile (or laugh like nuts)? If your answer is an affirmative, then visit this blog site. It is filled with all that tickles. Unlike other jokes sites (which are filled with thousands of jokes), I have handpicked some of the most hilarious jokes that have been ever told. The criteria for selection has been that if it makes me laugh its worth a share. Keep visiting as I add a few jokes almost every day. jo-kes.blogspot.com ~ Read more... send free sms send free sms, play online games, watch cartoons and movies and much more... www.forfreestuff.net ~ Read more... Afix Business  Entertainment Portal, Free ads, Design  animations for your site, New jokes, Horoscope, Web directory  promotion www.afix.ro ~ Read more... Search Advertisement Quickly submit to 4,000+ directories! Submit website Barnefordeling - advokat Oslo Skilsmisse Advokat Oslo Invitations Custom Promotional Pens Advokatfirma : Eiendomsadvokat i Oslo Find a Property David Harris Designs Evil Eye Bracelets Bedriftsbasen Bedriftsguiden Free web directory SEO strategies Make money blogging YOUR LINK HERE Copyright AAA Web Directory , All Rights Reserved. Powered by: PHP Link Directory Design by: OS Designer 