  Search Home  Arts and Entertainment  Astrology  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Arts and Entertainment: Astrology category? Email Address: Subscribe Astrology RSS Feed Top Authors in Astrology More Arts and Entertainment categories: Arts and Entertainment (10,762) Animation (1,097) Astrology (5,920) Body Piercings (258) Casino Gambling (30,408) Filmmaking and Film Editing (884) Humanities (4,325) Humor (4,218) Movies TV (16,265) Music (40,232) Music Industry (2,955) Music Instruction (6,270) Painting (1,686) Performing Arts (5,147) Philosophy (2,466) Photography (19,803) Poetry (6,042) Short Fiction (984) Tattoos (11,578) Visual Graphic Arts (9,327) Arts and Entertainment: Astrology Article Category The Laws Of The Universe Are The Keys To Successful Living by Lucinda Tinsley Connecting the Age of Aquarius with the laws of the Universe. We are now at a time when we can understand and implement them into our mindset. We do however, need to let go of our old paradigms that have kept us in ignorance for so long. Perfecting Our Soul's Journey: The Month of Virgo, 2013 by Sharita Star THE REWARDS OF SUMMER! When our Sun enters a Mutable Communication Sign, it's time to make changes within our present season. Virgo taps us into the richest passage of purity within summer, as The Virgin asks for us to get back to what is natural, health-oriented, as well as what is routine within our lives. Wherever Virgo asks for these details to be addressed in your Zodiac Pie, here is where you'll find a dedicated, practical, conscientious and serving energy wishing to speak to you over the next month. Full Moon in Aquarius and Rare Star of David Coming Up by Barbara Goldsmith This is the second full Moon in Aquarius - we had one last month on July 22nd, and now another which is quite unusual. It's accentuating everything Aquarian and leading us further into the Age of Aquarius. Are YOU Psychic? 4 Universal Psychic Abilities That ANYONE Can Develop (Even You!) by Danny Fredricks How Psychic Are You? Ever see, feel or sense an event before it happened? (that's called precognition... and 80% of all people report some level of this happening in our lives) Have I Lived a Past Life? Learn How to Safely Remember Your Previous Lifetimes by Danny Fredricks What can a psychic, medium or spiritual professional tell you about past lives? Should you seek out a hypnotist to remember a previous lifetime? Or maybe it's smarter to simply try to work them out on your own? Is Astrology Valid? by Lynda L Abdo Astrology is found in all the higher more advanced civilizations throughout history. Some of the most intelligent men have studied and practiced astrology or "knowledge of the stars." Is Astrology really valid and how can it be valuable in our modern-day life? What Really Is a Psychic Tarot Card Reader? by Scott Truel People tend to be spooked or intrigued about such things as psychics and tarot card reading. Here we discuss what this phenomena is. How to Contact Dead Relatives in 3 Simple Steps by Danny Fredricks Most people think that communicating with a spirit is difficult. Or that you have to be born a medium or be especially gifted to have a genuine experience with those on the other side. The truth couldn't be more different. Do I Have a Spirit Guide? How to Prove Your Guardian Angels Are Real by Danny Fredricks Are spirit guides real? Do I have one? How many? Astrology Forecast for August 2013 - General Tendencies for All Sun Signs by Janet Moon The planets are constantly moving, and astrology cycles on a positive - negative rhythm. If the planets are "bad" today, be patient. They will move to a better place in time, and visa versa. Back in April and May, life was difficult under the Uranus-Pluto square. Then, in June and July opportunities were plentiful with the Jupiter-Saturn-Neptune grand trine. And now comes August, and its time to get back to the routine of life. Little challenges will be popping-up throughout the month, and there will be a couple of big problems as Jupiter moves to oppose Pluto then square Uranus around mid-month. We will get back into our grooves and spiritual tests this month, and the Leo Sun will remind us to take a break and enjoy life when we can. The Parents You Never Had - Astrology by Jill Ellen Preston Imagine, you were not provided any guidance in your life at all, especially in your early years. You might feel like a lost soul. Astrology is a tool that can help guide you Royal Baby Is Born! All About Its Astrology Chart by Barbara Goldsmith The interconnectedness of family astrology is fascinating. This child has the same Sun sign as his father, Cancer, and the same Moon sign as his mother, Capricorn! Astrology is very powerful and there are no accidents. Taking It To Your Heart: The Month of Leo, 2013 by Sharita Star THE HEART OF SUMMER! We know if a Fixed Organized Sign is on the Zodiac horizon, we are seriously settling into the current season. Leo beams into our center asking to indulge in the action of devotion, attracting the collective to be loyal, enjoy life, and most importantly: glow like our Sun, the planet behind our time within The Lion. Look to where he reigns in your Zodiac Pie to see where a protective, earnest, and creative spirit wishes to shine here in the month ahead. Should I Get a Tarot Card Reading? (This May Change Your Mind) by Danny Fredricks How do tarot readings work? Can a psychic, intuitive or tarot reader REALLY get accurate information by phone, or without seeing you face to face? If so. Full Moon in Aquarius - Unleash Your Creativity by Barbara Goldsmith Full Moon in Aquarius on July 22nd with intense aspects for the last week in July coming up! This Full Moon in Aquarius is at 0 degrees while the Sun is just going into Leo also at 0 degrees. This is a time of new beginnings, the opportunity to start fresh in all areas of your life. How to Meet Your Personal Spirit Guide (And the 1 BIG "Lie" About Guides You Ought Ignore) by Danny Fredricks I believe that everyone has a personal spirit guide. A guardian angel or ancestral, energetic protector. No matter what you call them (or it) we've all got guides that are here to help us, guide us and make sure we stay on a path of PURPOSE and passion and dancing in the direction of our destiny. Why Learn About Your Past Lives? (This May Change Your Mind) by Danny Fredricks I know that I'm a bit biased. As a past life intuitive and karma coach, I really believe that learning about past lives is the KEY to all spiritual health, wealth and authentic happiness. The truth is, in my own experience, we carry karmic "baggage" around from life time to life, reliving the same traumas, making the same mistakes, fighting with the same groups of "souls" and pretty much living each lifetime like a wild, weird and wacky version of "Groundhog Day" (the movie where Bill Murray was destined to... How to Find the Perfect Psychic For YOU (And the BIG Mistake Most Spiritual Seekers Make) by Danny Fredricks What is the very best way to pick a psychic, medium or spiritual adviser? Are they ALL created equal? Should I just browse a whole bunch of online reviews and then pick the one that looks the best rated, most reviewed or has the most star power instead? What Kind of Psychic Are You? by Danny Fredricks What sort of psychic abilities do you have? What kind of special powers do you secretly crave... or truly posses? Do I Have a Guardian Angel? by Danny Fredricks What are guardian angels? Do I have one? What purpose do they serve? 3 Signs You've Got a Spirit Guide (And The EASIEST Way to Find Out Who It Is!) by Danny Fredricks Let's start with the good news first... A Brief Introduction to the Planets in Astrology by Augusta Ryder In our solar system there are nine known major planets, and thousands of minor ones which we call asteroids. Planets orbit the Sun, and the orbit of a planet is called its cycle. The planets are at different distances from the Sun and so it follows that, from the Earth's perspective, they vary in the amount of time they take to complete their orbits. Astrology Sun Sign Interpretations by Augusta Ryder With the Sun in Aries, you truly are a force of nature. Fiery, impulsive, and spontaneous, you restlessly seek an outlet for self-expression through action. You are a natural trailblazer who assumes the leadership role through your thirst for new experience and a hunger for recognition. However, this can bring conflict if you are the one receiving, not giving, the orders! No matter. How else can you prove yourself but through a healthy dose of competition? Matching Flowers and Sun Signs by Pranav Kumar Reddy Did you know that each sun sign has a different flower suitable for it? Now you have a way to gift your loved one the perfect flowers even if you don't know which are her favourite. How Do I Use The Law of Attraction To Manifest Love? (And The Spiritual Secret to Doing It Right) by Angela Zoile Can the law of attraction be used to fall in love? Can it help me attract the ideal person? How to Become a Law of Attraction Karma Coach (Turn Your PASSION Into Profit) by Danny Fredricks Do you love astrology, spirituality and the idea that the UNIVERSE wants us all to succeed? Imagine what it would be like to turn your love of spirituality and your passion for helping people find their purpose, into a fun, profitable and lucrative business that allowed you fulfill your OWN divine destiny as well? The truth is, teaching other people how to manifest, or how to attract the life they love is not only incredibly rewarding and fulfilling, it's actually the BEST way to practice what you preach on a daily basis to boot... Jupiter Into Cancer - June 26th - How Will Your Luck Change? by Barbara Goldsmith Jupiter goes into Cancer at the end of this month and on that same date Mercury goes retrograde until July 20th. We may see things back-pedalling, decisions being reversed, stocks and commodities going much higher or much lower. When Mercury goes direct, expect to see a complete change in direction again. Every 12 years, Jupiter changes sign so if you have Jupiter in Cancer in your natal chart, you are coming up for a Jupiter return and the beginning of a new 12 year cycle. It's usually a time of learning, new opportunities, chance encounters and a great time to take risks and move out of your comfort zone. Who Were You in a Past Life? (This May Change Your Mind) by Danny Fredricks Have you lived before? If you have... who were you? Actually, come to think of it, who are you NOW? If past lives are real, the logical conclusion is, future lives are true, too... meaning that the face you see in the mirror every morning is not only NOT who you used to be, it's also not who you are going to be in 100 years, or 10 lifetimes from now, or forever more as well. Hire Services of a Professional Astrologer by H Himanshu The science of astrology has a lot of branches and there are many details associated to each section. It is based on the planetary positions at the time of birth and the way they will affect them for the rest of their life. Past Life Test: How to Tell If You've Lived Before Through a Past Life Memory Quiz (5 Signs) by Danny Fredricks Who else would love to explore their past lives? Have you ever considered getting a psychic reading for identifying your past lives? Maybe you've spent some time reading about past lives online. Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First  Previous 1 2 3 4 5  198 Next   EzineArticles.com  2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 