  Smythe Volvo 326 Morris Avenue Summit , NJ 07901 Sales : (888) 349-5758 Service : (888) 375-1756 Parts : (888) 375-9120  Home New New Vehicles Featured Vehicles Save Big on a New Volvo Incentives Showroom Vehicle Models Vehicle Reviews Over Seas Delivery Pre-Owned Pre-Owned Inventory Volvo Certified Pre-Owned Cars Under $10K ! Featured Vehicles Trade-In Evaluation Out Of State Delivery Finance Finance Center Finance Application Finance Specials Volvo Increased Protection Warranty Service Service Center Service Specials Volvo Tire Advantage Customer Reviews Parts Parts Center Tire Store Volvo Remote Start Parts Specials Specials Incentives Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Specials Pre-Owned Specials New Specials Service Specials Parts Specials Finance Specials Montclair Volvo Videos Video Gallery Video Blog Customer Reviews About Us About Us Directions Meet The Staff News Our Blog Customer Reviews Contact Us Community Activities Employment Opportunities  Smythe Volvo    Previous pause Next  C30  C70  S60  S80  XC60  XC70  XC90  Schedule Appointment Contact Information * First Name * Last Name * Contact Me by * Email Phone Email Address Phone AppointmentInformation Preferred Appointment Date Preferred Appointment Time Please Select Anytime Morning Mid-day Afternoon Evening Service Information Service Requested Please Select Factory Scheduled Maintenance Routine Service Interval Oil Change Brake Repair Replace Tires Tire Rotation Balance Tires Wheel Alignment Transimission Service Coolant Service Air Conditioner Repair Exhaust Repair Complete Detail Power Steering Service Engine Tune Up Other Submit       Pre-Owned Offers Certified Specials Service Center Appraise My Car  Smythe Volvo   Welcome to Smythe Volvo serving Summit, Morristown, Jersey City, Newark, Basking Ridge, and Westfield We make the dream of owning a new 2013 - 2014 Volvo come true with an award-winning lineup of new and used cars, auto-financing that's easy to wrap your head around, and an expert team of auto repair specialists dedicated to using only Volvo parts. Volvo is bringing a lot of exciting new vehicles to our showroom floors for the current model year. Come explore your favorite model's fresh new look, enhanced comfort and convenience, and updated safety features today at 326 Morris Avenue Summit, New Jersey. Serving Morristown, Jersey City, Newark, Basking Ridge, and Westfield, we're happy to share complete specs, compare models (including the new C30 , C70 , S60 , S80 , XC60 , and XC70 ) and arrange test drives. Smythe Volvo knows that new Volvo vehicles are a great investment that are made to last. We also realize that some of you are looking to save a bundle of Franklins the next time you decide to commit to a new set of wheels. That's why Smythe Volvo offers a vast selection of used cars near Morristown, Madison, Newark and Bridgewater . Here, you'll find used Volvo models among other brands, all thoroughly inspected to ensure they meet our high quality standards and are ready to go the distance. Now, Let Us Introduce Our Auto Financing, Service and Parts Departments You might think we're being sarcastic; but we're not. First, auto financing in Summit is the key to making the car you want yours. Second, our car loan and Volvo experts make it a whole less intimidating than what you might be used to. Not only do they take the time to clearly explain all terms and conditions; they they like what they do - getting you the best deal possible - and it shows. When you take your Volvo to Smythe Volvo in Summit, New Jersey for auto service, you can rest assured knowing your vehicle is in the hands of highly-skilled technicians. Working with Volvo autos every day isn't just what our auto service and repair team does. It isn't just something we're good at. It's our love...which means we have as much invested in maintaining, and when necessary repairing, your car as you do. And, if you decide you want to do it yourself, we'll happily provide you with any manufacturer certified parts you might need - from oil filers to batteries to tires. Among the many services Smythe Volvo routinely performs are wheel repairs, auto glass repairs, muffler repairs, transmission repairs, tire rotations, oil changes, belt inspections and more. Of course, it's one thing to brag about everything Smythe Volvo has to offer drivers from Morristown, Jersey City, Newark, Basking Ridge, and Westfield; it's something completely different to actually show you ourselves. That's why we invite you to see us in person at 326 Morris Avenue Summit, New Jersey today.    Smythe Certified pre owned Volvo Volvo Video Presentations Share Facebook Twitter Print Google +1  Directions Contact Us About Us Privacy Sitemap  Website by Dealer.com  false false With this tool, you can search inventory at any time as you browse our site. Results will remain visible allowing you to click on individual vehicles and alternate between vehicle detail pages. Drag results to the GET YOUR EPRICE pane to quickly request information on vehicles of interest.  Search Results Search Inventory   omniture implementation    [if IE]>