 SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISING PAPER LOCATIONS CONTACT US Site Map Welcome! Volume 38, No. 50 This Afternoon: Mostly sunny with a high of 89 Search:  August 27, 2013 Homepage About Us News Business Editorials Sports Life & Religion Health A & E Events Calendar Submit an Event Event List Job Openings Paper Locations Opinion Polls Other Services Post Blogs View E-Edition Advertising SHOP Local Carolina Classifieds Classified Information Search Listings Submit Classifieds Photo Albums Upload Photo Post Foundation Triangle Tribune NC Lottery Other Services Site Registration  Arts and Entertainment Working marriage with humor, honesty Ebony Magazine's 2012 Couple of the Year to host Charlote book signing Published Thursday, April 11, 2013 by Michaela L. Duckett Rufus and Jenny Triplett, Ebony magazineÂs 2012 Couple of the Year, have been busy canvassing the country doling out marriage advice. WWW.SURVIVINGMARRIAGETIPS.COM Rufus and Jenny Triplett. Ebony Magazine's Couple of the Year, will be in Charlotte April 15. TheyÂve hosted workshops, appeared on television and have been featured in numerous publications. In February, they released a book ÂSurviving Marriage in the 21st Century.Â The Tripletts will be at UNC-Charlotte April 15 to sign copies of their new book and host a candid discussion about relationships. ÂSurviving MarriageÂ is a compilation of 13 tips they believe can help married couples make it to 20 years and beyond without divorce, just as they have. The Post recently caught up with the Tripletts to discuss everything from shacking up and cheating to submission and weight gain. HereÂs how they weighed in: On making marriage look easy: Jenny Triplett: ÂDonÂt believe everything that you see (laughter). Marriage is hard work, but weÂve been doing it so long that weÂve gotten over so many of the hurdles. WeÂve gotten to a point where we know how to be easy in our happy place, but trust me, it wasnÂt always like thisÂ Our first year of marriage was hell. It was really, really ugly.Â Rufus Triplett: ÂYou were in hell, but I was good to go. You just couldnÂt get with the program (laughter).Â On dealing with infidelity: RT: ÂI ainÂt dealing with it. I know people who have and if you can get past it, then thatÂs good for you. ItÂs all about marriage and dealing with other peopleÂs faults.Â JT: ÂIf you choose to stay and get past the infidelity, donÂt constantly bring it up and throw it up in someoneÂs face every time something breaks out.Â RT: ÂYou have to move on. But some couples just canÂt get past it, so you have to move on without each other.Â JT: ÂThere are so many factors. Sometimes itÂs a one-night stand. Sometimes itÂs multiple infidelities over a period of time. Some people can get over one timeÂÂ RT: ÂSo do I get one time?Â JT: ÂNo. IÂm not talking about us, IÂm talking about people.Â On putting God first: JT: ÂThere has to be a referee. If you have two people and you have disagreements or youÂre at odds, there has to be a third party with recourse. So you take all matters back to God. No matter what your faith is and what you believe, take it back to that book. There is something in there in regards to your marriage and your disagreement. You have to take it back to that and trust and believe that God knows what HeÂs talking about.Â On a wifeÂs submission: JT: ÂIÂm a Muslim, but I grew up Baptist. I was in the churchÂ And growing up that way it was always taught that a married woman is supposed to follow her husband. A single woman is to please God, and a married woman is to please her husband. IÂve always tried to do that unless my husband has some knucklehead ways that he was thinking and trying to go. IÂm not going to follow a knucklehead. He had to have some type of guidance and a good head on his shoulders. ÂIf heÂs doing everything that heÂs supposed to be doing, providing for me and protecting me and encouraging me, then whatÂs the problem [with submitting]? There are a lot of problems in marriage because a lot of women donÂt do that.Â On living together before marriage: JT: ÂWe donÂt believe in that at all.Â On weight gain and divorce: JT: ÂWe wouldnÂt get divorced over it.Â RT: ÂShe can eat if she want to, and weÂll just have to see what the outcome isÂ No. I donÂt think you should divorce over it. I think you should give words of encouragement if you would like your mateÂs health to improve, but you canÂt control the other person. As a married couple, thatÂs something you deal withÂ God tests us big time with marriage, and sometimes the weight gain is a test.Â JT: ÂI think itÂs really shallow to get divorced over that. A lot of people have weight issues because they are emotionally depressed or their hormones are out of whack. There are different things that can be going on.Â Advice to aspiring authors: RT: ÂWrite the truth. DonÂt try to make stuff seem so fairy tale.Â JT: ÂWrite what you are passionate about. If you have something that is really on your mind and really in your heart and you want to get it out there. Write that. DonÂt try to go out and find the curve of what is selling.Â RT: ÂIÂd like to see more authors write about things that may benefit others. IÂd like to see a lot more of that.Â On the Net: www.survivingmarriagetips.com Comments Leave a Comment Name: E-Mail:  Submit Comment Send this page to a friend Copyright  2013 Charlotte Post | Homepage | About Us | News | Business | Editorials | Sports | Life & Religion | Health A & E | Events Calendar | Job Openings | Paper Locations | Opinion Polls | Other Services | Post Blogs | View E-Edition | Advertising SHOP Local Carolina | Classifieds | Photo Albums | Post Foundation | Triangle Tribune | NC Lottery | Site Registration Designed and Delivered by Accrinet 