 Love our work? Write us a review!  Call Us: (281) 395-1100 About Our Team Shop Gallery Join Our Team Community Involvement Testimonials Specials Service History Location  Hours Contact Home Vehicle Repair Engine Repair Brake Repair A/C  Heating Repair Steering  Suspension Repair Transmission Repair Windows, Locks, Doors Repair Vehicle Makes We Service Auto Maintenance Factory Scheduled Maintenance Tire Rotation  Balance Oil  Filter Change Auto Services Used Vehicle Inspection Texas State Vehicle Inspection Bosch Services BG Services Off Road Performance Repair Warranty Estimate Request Home  Katy Car Repair Katy Auto Repair Auto repair is a necessity and waiting until the last minute can be detrimental to your car. What might be a minor repair can escalate to major damage, fast. At Dillon’s Automotive, we take pride in servicing all of your vehicle’s needs. Whether it is repairing a flat tire to replacing an entire engine, our state-of-the-art facility allows us to take on any auto repair need you may require. Staying proactive with auto repairs is essential, especially when it comes to enhancing your vehicle’s longevity and maximizing your return on investment. More importantly, we understand that you have a busy schedule which is why we want to make sure that any necessary repairs aren’t put off in order to keep your vehicle in excellent condition. We strive to complete all repairs within the same day, if possible. At Dillon’s Automotive we provide a fast, accurate diagnosis alongside a no-hassle 2-year/24,000 mile warranty . For all automotive repairs, we provide you with a written estimate of any changes needed and any recommended maintenance . Prior to any work being started, we wait for you to instruct us of what you would like to do and are more than happy to discuss different options with you. Here are some of the car repair services we offer: Engine repair Brake repair A/C and heating Steering and  suspension Transmission repair Windows, Locks, and Doors With over 20 years in the industry, our dedicated team of ASE trained specialists will give you a quality and complete estimate centered around a personalized experience. We do not try and up-sale you on unnecessary services; we are reliable and want you to be a customer for life. We want your experience with us to be a memorable one. We handle all of your automotive demands, “bumper to bumper,” with honesty, integrity, and care. Contact Dillon’s Automotive today to get an estimate for your auto repair needs. Request an Estimate Online Form - Dillons Automotive - Request an Estimate  Dillon’s Automotive is a family owned and operated full-service auto repair and maintenance shop. Our values concentrate around honesty, integrity, and offering quality, competitive priced services. More importantly, we stand behind every single repair, part, and labor by providing you with Katy’s Best Automotive warranty: 2 years or 24,000 mile warranty with trip interruption plan. Our warranty is hassle-free and no fine print. We want to take care of our customers and hope you’ll come by and see the difference of Dillon’s Automotive. Our Team Shop Gallery Join Our Team About Dillon's Auto Community Involvement Testimonials Specials Online Form - Dillons Automotive - Contact Us(footer) Copyright © 2013 Dillon's Automotive, All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Sitemap Serving the following areas: Katy, Cinco Ranch, Seven Meadows, Seven Lakes, Grand Lakes, Cross Creek, Bella Terra, West Houston, South West Houston 