  +myConnections: Engage your community - connect to news, events and information you care about. View more information... Sign In Welcome to an Engaged Community There's a better way to personalize your website experience . With myConnection, the profile you create allows you to set up a unique starting point for the tasks and transactions that you want to complete in your time on this website. Use myConnection to gather the information that you most care about from across this website into one central location, giving you greater control over how you connect with your community . Sign In or Create an Account My Dashboard Personalize your online experience to stay up-to-date on news, events and other information. View My Dashboard Total Users 961   Connect with us: AboutShare Delicious Digg Facebook Google MySpace StumbleUpon Twitter Yahoo    Home  Departments > Community & Economic Development > Community Affairs > Arts & Entertainment District A A A  Art & Entertainment District City Center Hagerstown Where creativity and talent thrive. Designated as an Arts and Entertainment District, City Center Hagerstown has impressive historic architecture, urban infrastructure, culture incentives, and places to create, live, and learn. The district also has impressive performance spaces, art galleries, wonderful restaurants, museums, education centers, retail stores, and more. Anchoring the district is the Historic Maryland Theatre on South Potomac Street. Incentives  Benefits Incentives and benefits await those who locate their arts and entertainment enterprise within the art and entertainment district. Those who just visit the district will find places to enjoy culinary arts, appreciate talented performances, and view and purchase one of a kind art. Artist Registry | Useful Links | A  E District Events | Taxform (pdf) | District Map (pdf)  Home Print Contact Us Calendar RSS Site Map Copyright Accessibility Powered by CivicPlus One East Franklin Street | Hagerstown, MD 21740 | Ph: (301) 739-8577 Live Edit Close Close window 