  Mobile e-Edition Buy Photos Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Email Alerts Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  69 Clear Weekly Forecast Wednesday 77 58 Thursday 75 59 Friday 80 57 Saturday 76 55 sponsored by  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home News Topics Local Crime ArrestLogs VandenbergAFB Government Education Business WineNews Weather State National World WeirdNews Election2012 The Latest Love of math leads woman to VAFB Not eager to end up with a teaching career, Margarita Marquez wasn't sure how her love of math could add up to any other job — let alone one l Woman charged in teen’s death A Santa Maria woman is facing criminal charges for the death of a 15-year-old girl she allegedly struck and killed at the intersection of Mill Fog may hamper visibility of Delta 4-Heavy launch The weather forecast appears favorable for Wednesday’s attempt to launch a Delta 4-Heavy rocket and a top-secret spacecraft from south Vandenb Gaviota Coast Plan up for more discussion The Santa Barbara County Planning Commission will resume its discussion of agriculture along the Gaviota Coast when it meets Wednesday. Recent Man drives minivan into house Righetti to launch online college prep tool City to discuss future of Los Flores Central Coast Bandit nabbed, officials say Supervisors to consider ways to reduce jail population Rate hikes reveal discord over unions SM soldier killed in Afghanistan Winery ordinance changes up for comment Pismo Beach OKs changes to mixed-use development City council to look at special events Sports Topics HighSchool College Baseball Basketball Football Soccer MotorSports Olympics Rodeo YouthSports The Latest Knight time is almost here Gabi Brunello was part of a St. Joseph girls tennis team that made the postseason party in 2011. Experience on the sidelines Hancock will have 60 freshmen coming in this season. It had a big graduating class of starters from last year and at the community college lev Recent Pressure is on for Titans Hit hard by graduation, Shaffer still has confidence in young team Knowles expects Conqs to succeed Game of Thrones Will Braves continue to dominate LPL? Espinoza takes the reins Ellington: We will surprise people Opinion Topics Columnists Commentary Editorials LetterstotheEditor Submitaletter The Latest Revealing inner pain Many of us by now know the story of the bookkeeper and the gunman in a Georgia schoolhouse. Another season of burning One thing for certain about California life — it’s best to have a packed suitcase by the front door, waiting. Recent Zeroing in on racism Why elect nitwits to public office? A pay raise for teachers Fond memory of trips east Heating up climate debate Columns Blogs CressPass DailyBailey GoingtheDistance Hey,CheckThisOut! OrcuttKat Obituaries Entertainment Topics Books Calendar Comics Games Horoscope Movies Music Puzzles TV The Latest Single tickets on sale for UCSB 2013-14 season Single tickets for UCSB Arts  Lectures’ 2013-14 season are on sale now. Gallery to host Mac Kah workshop The C Gallery in Los Alamos, in collaboration with the highly regarded classical realist painter, Mary Kay West, and Cathy Duncan of the histo In ‘Cyrano,’ an outstanding lead performance in a long play The classic play “Cyrano de Bergerac” is now playing at PCPA in the Solvang Festival Theatre. And the play is only as good as the actor playin Recent ‘Cyrano de Bergerac’ opening in Solvang Stamey to perform at Dana Adobe New attractions planned for Stone Soup Music Festival Balay and Newman shine in ‘Patsy Cline’ ‘A Fine Romance: Falling in Love with the English Countryside’ World-renowned artists to be featured Fast on the draw Local musician revisits Hendrix’s ‘Rainbow Bridge’ Life Topics Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Announcements Calendar Columns Food Health HomeandGarden IntheMilitary Obituaries Pets Recreation The Latest Students tend to their studies and gardens at school In a community closely associated with agriculture and horticulture, it is heartening to know that many district schools include activities re Suzanne Valenzuela Suzanne Valenzuela Suzanne Valenzuela Arthur Herrera Recent Arthur Herrera Mary Parsley Mary Parsley Norman Wates Norman Wates Juanita Uvalle Juanita Uvalle Arthur S. Herrera Allen Edward Peterson Fred James Haupt Paul B. Maynard Get It! Classifieds ViewAllClassifieds Automotive Jobs Merchandise Pets GarageSales Services LegalNotices PlaceAnAd Homes HomesforSale OpenHouses Jobs LocalJobs PostResume WorkForUs Español Noticias Deportes Entretenimiento Hot Topics SM woman charged in teen’s death Family left homeless after man drives into house SM soldier killed in Afghanistan Home / Entertainment / Books and Literature RSS Books And Literature ‘A Fine Romance: Falling in Love with the English Countryside’   Arroyo Grande resident Susan Branch is the author of 12 best-selling “Heart of the Home” books — all hand-written and watercolored — about coo   August 11, 2013 12:00 am (0) ‘Send Me an Angel’   This book by Samuel Santana tells the story of World War II when women were still looked upon as weak and inferior with little to contribute o   July 07, 2013 12:00 am (0) Patrick Smithwick will hold book signing   Award-winning author and horseman Patrick Smithwick will be signing his latest book, “Flying Change: A Year of Racing and Family and Steeplech   July 05, 2013 12:15 am (0) JOURNEYS WITHIN: The Princess Arisen   This book by author J Arriola de Oliva, a former Guadalupe resident, tells the tale of magic realism.   June 30, 2013 12:00 am (0) The Princess Arisen   This book by author J Arriola de Oliva, a former Guadalupe resident, tells the tale of magic realism.   June 23, 2013 12:00 am (0) ‘The Best Bear Hugs Ever’   The book “The Best Bear Hugs Ever,” by Santa Marian Scott Washburn, is a children’s picture book inspired by his personal experiences.   June 16, 2013 12:00 am (0) ‘Painted Chair’ opens Saturday   Altrusa Foundation of Santa Maria, the Friends of the Santa Maria Public Library and People for Leisure and Youth will open its annual Drop Ev   March 22, 2013 12:00 am (0) Story time at Orcutt library   Back by popular demand is “Mouse Tales,” a preschool story time at 11:15 a.m. on Tuesdays at the Orcutt Branch Library through April 23.   March 15, 2013 12:00 am (0) Author forum set for March 16 in Santa Maria   Four California authors will be featured at the American Association of University Women-Santa Maria’s 13th annual Authors’ Forum, slated from   March 01, 2013 12:00 am (0) Annual women’s literary festival presents diverse lineup of writers   The Women’s Literary Festival (WLF) committee has lined up authors for the 2013 event, celebrating readers and women writers in a day of inter   March 01, 2013 12:00 am (0) SB seeking next Poet Laureate   The Santa Barbara County Arts Commission and City Arts Advisory Committee are accepting nominations for Santa Barbara’s next Poet Laureate. Th   February 08, 2013 12:00 am (0) Lompoc Library to hold book sale   The Friends of the Lompoc Library System will kick off the new year with a book sale today and Saturday in the Lompoc Public Library Grossman    January 18, 2013 12:00 am (0) SM Library workshops to help new tablet users access digital collections    Those pixels on Kindles, Nooks and iPads haven’t yet replaced the printed word, but as more and more people join the e-reading movement, some    January 07, 2013 12:20 am Photos Photos (0) More and more needing help with their devices    The pool of people who may need help learning to use their electronic reading devices is a large one, and growing.   January 07, 2013 12:15 am (0) Library to hold eBook, eAudiobook workshop   The Santa Maria Public Library will hold free workshops on how to download eBooks and eAudiobooks on computers and handheld portable devices.   January 04, 2013 12:00 am (0) ‘Birds’ theme for story time Jan. 12   “Birds” will be the theme for the Saturday, Jan. 12, Children’s Story Time and Activity set for 10 a.m. to noon at the Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes Center.   December 30, 2012 12:00 am (0) Friends of Lompoc Library book sale   The Friends of the Lompoc Library will kick-off the new year with a Fall Book Sale Friday and Saturday, Jan. 18 and 19, in the Lompoc Library    December 30, 2012 12:00 am (0) ‘In Quest of the Old West — A Driving Diary’  ‘The Mystery of the Lost Recipe’   ‘In Quest of the Old West — A Driving Diary’   December 23, 2012 12:00 am (0) Brenda Wilder to hold book signing   Author Brenda Wilder will hold a book signing from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 29, at South Side Coffee Company, 105 South H St. in Lompoc.   December 21, 2012 12:00 am (0) Marian nurses, program featured in new book    Chapter 16 of the recently published book “Great Health Care — Making it Happen” may not read like “The Great Gatsby,” “The Grapes of Wrath” o   December 11, 2012 12:10 am Photos Photos  (0) Orcutt library moving to new location   On Saturday, Dec. 1, the Orcutt branch library will close its doors at its current location and reopen on Saturday, Dec. 8, at the new expande   November 30, 2012 12:00 am (0) Orcutt author brings early 1900s to life    Maybe you remember your own worn-out shoes. Maybe you don’t.   November 25, 2012 12:15 am Photos Photos (0) Honoring the ‘Code Talkers’    In honor of Veterans Day, author and filmmaker Gary Robinson will hold a book signing and film screening from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday, at The Boo   November 09, 2012 12:00 am (0) Published writer moves to Lompoc    Lompoc’s newest author, Connie Amarel, wrote the first line of her first book, “I Wonder Why” when she was just a kid, looking up at the night   November 09, 2012 12:00 am (0) Storyteller at SM library today   Storyteller John Weaver, usually known for spreading silliness during his all-ages performances throughout the San Francisco Bay area and beyo   October 24, 2012 12:00 am (0) More Books And Literature  Local advertising by PaperG Follow Us Facebook Santa Maria Times on Facebook Twitter Santa Maria Times on Twitter Follow @santamariatimes YouTube Santa Maria Times on YouTube Foursquare Santa Maria Times on Foursquare Like us on foursquare Email Get email updates from Santa Maria Times Email Updates RSS Follow Santa Maria Times via RSS RSS Feeds Most Popular Articles Comments Facebook SM soldier killed in Afghanistan Soldier from Santa Maria killed in Afghanistan Kevin S. White A shadow of her old self Fenenga beats the odds Good job of finding more jobs (27)  Abortion issue and other views (23)  Race issues at the very top (11)  County moves to consider Chumash Camp 4 (10)  Real mission: Saving planet (10) Deals and Offers $100 OFF Permanent Makeup and Lash Enhancement! Custom Printing Visit Furniture Depot today for all your home furnishing needs! Free bail information Looking for a unique gift? Featured Businesses View More... Nu-Tech Pest Management Lanini's Plumbing  Heating Repairs Inc LeeLocal - Santa Maria Children's Resource  Referral of Santa Barbara County Aloha Dental Arts Find a local business I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory . Online e-Edition Read your newspaper online, anytime, anywhere! Read today's Santa Maria Times print edition at any time from any computer. Your local news and information at your convenience! Read | Subscribe  Featured Ads Jobs Homes Rentals  Services Contact Us Events Calendar Subscriber Services Our Other Newspapers Adobe Press Lompoc Record Santa Ynez Valley News Times Press Recorder  Copyright 2013, Santa Maria Times , 3200 Skyway Drive Santa Maria, CA | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Santa Maria Apartments Santa Maria Attorneys Santa Maria Auto Dealers Santa Maria Auto Parts Santa Maria Auto Repair Santa Maria Beauty Salons Santa Maria Car Rental Santa Maria Dentists Santa Maria Doctors Santa Maria Flowers Santa Maria Hotels Santa Maria Insurance Santa Maria Loans Santa Maria Mortgages Santa Maria Movers Santa Maria Pizza Santa Maria Realtors Santa Maria Restaurants Santa Maria Storage Santa Maria Tax Preparation Santa Maria Travel More Santa Maria Casmalia Apartments Casmalia Attorneys Casmalia Auto Dealers Casmalia Auto Parts Casmalia Auto Repair Casmalia Beauty Salons Casmalia Car Rental Casmalia Dentists Casmalia Doctors Casmalia Flowers Casmalia Hotels Casmalia Insurance Casmalia Loans Casmalia Mortgages Casmalia Movers Casmalia Pizza Casmalia Realtors Casmalia Restaurants Casmalia Storage Casmalia Tax Preparation Casmalia Travel More Casmalia Guadalupe Apartments Guadalupe Attorneys Guadalupe Auto Dealers Guadalupe Auto Parts Guadalupe Auto Repair Guadalupe Beauty Salons Guadalupe Car Rental Guadalupe Dentists Guadalupe Doctors Guadalupe Flowers Guadalupe Hotels Guadalupe Insurance Guadalupe Loans Guadalupe Mortgages Guadalupe Movers Guadalupe Pizza Guadalupe Realtors Guadalupe Restaurants Guadalupe Storage Guadalupe Tax Preparation Guadalupe Travel More Guadalupe Nipomo Apartments Nipomo Attorneys Nipomo Auto Dealers Nipomo Auto Parts Nipomo Auto Repair Nipomo Beauty Salons Nipomo Car Rental Nipomo Dentists Nipomo Doctors Nipomo Flowers Nipomo Hotels Nipomo Insurance Nipomo Loans Nipomo Mortgages Nipomo Movers Nipomo Pizza Nipomo Realtors Nipomo Restaurants Nipomo Storage Nipomo Tax Preparation Nipomo Travel More Nipomo Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, Santa Maria Times. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with santamariatimes.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: santamariatimes.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 11:17:14 am 