    Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help bbc.co.uk navigation News Sport Weather Capital Culture Autos TV Radio More  Search term:  Entertainment  Arts Home US  Canada Latin America UK Africa Asia Europe Mid-East Business Health Sci/Environment Tech Entertainment Video  21 March 2013 Last updated at 21:28 ET Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print BBC TV Centre: Goodbye to the dream factory By Tim Masters Entertainment and arts correspondent, BBC News BBC Television Centre opened in 1960 Continue reading the main story Related Stories Last BBC news bulletin at TV Centre Madness for BBC hubs farewell gig The biggest newsroom in Europe Watch After 53 years, BBC Television Centre is closing its doors for development at the end of this month. How will it be remembered? With a design said to have been inspired by a question mark scribbled on the back of an envelope, BBC Television Centre is one of the UKs most recognisable cultural landmarks. As a BBC handbook from 1960 points out, TV Centre was the most up-to-date, self-contained broadcasting centre in Europe - the first in Britain to be designed specifically for television. Some of the best-known programmes on British television were recorded within its walls: Dads Army, I Claudius, Fawlty Towers, Top of the Pops, Monty Pythons Flying Circus, The Two Ronnies, Blue Peter, classic era Doctor Who and Absolutely Fabulous. Continue reading the main story  Start Quote This is a cathedral to the entertainment and news industry End Quote Esther Rantzen The site sold for £200m last year, and will shut at the end of March to be redeveloped into a hotel, flats, a cinema and office space. The three main television studios will be refitted and leased out to production companies, including the BBC, from 2014. The 14-acre site will also house the BBCs commercial arm, BBC Worldwide. This is a cathedral to the entertainment and news industry, said Esther Rantzen earlier this week. It is a media cathedral. Its not just bricks and mortar. The £200m development will see the forecourt opened up to the public Rantzen, who joined the BBC as a clerk in 1966 and worked as a researcher before achieving fame as the presenter of Thats Life!, added: I thought it was the most exciting set of gates ever to walk through. I knew this was a dream factory. Madness will play live on Friday in front of the Grade II-listed building in west London. Broadcast live on BBC Four, the gig is followed by a two-hour show Goodbye Television Centre . Hosted by former BBC chairman Michael Grade, the programme includes contributions from Sir David Attenborough, Sir Terry Wogan, Sir Michael Parkinson, Sir Bruce Forsyth, Sir David Jason, Penelope Keith and Ronnie Corbett. Continue reading the main story BBC TELEVISION CENTRE Opened: 29 June 1960 Location: four miles west of central London on Wood Lane, Shepherds Bush Architect Graham Dawbarn was inspired when he drew a triangle with a question mark in the middle Its distinctive circular main block is affectionately known as the doughnut The central sculpture, by T B Huxley-Jones, depicts Helios, the Greek god of the sun and represents the radiation of television light around the world The two reclining figures at the bottom are Sound and Vision The Forsyte Saga was the last major drama serial to be shot in black and white in 1967 The same year, Vanity Fair - starring Susan Hampshire - became the first drama series in colour The House of Eliott in 1994 was the last major drama series to be shot at TVC The building was damaged by a car bomb left outside in March 2001 The last network news bulletin went out from TV Centre on Sunday, 17 March 2013 But amid the strolls down memory lane, some voiced their regret over the closure. Sir Terry said: I know its only a building. I know its an inanimate object and it doesnt have a heart. But it has a spirit. There are spirits here, of immensely talented, brilliant people who made some of the best television programmes ever seen and I think its a shame. Its a shame to close it down. The allegations of sexual abuse by presenter and DJ Jimmy Savile have also cast a shadow over the buildings past. Its absolutely horrible. Ghastly. Its certainly a stain on the history of TV Centre. But it doesnt undermine the importance of TV Centre, Lord Grade told The Independent this week. The former BBC One controller and director of programmes described the building as the focal point for everything the BBC did best. Back of an envelope Designed by Graham Dawbarn, Television Centre was built in 1960 on the site of the Franco-British exhibition of 1908. Its distinctive circular main block - which housed the studios, dressing rooms and offices - was known to staff as the doughnut. The story goes that Dawbarn came up with idea in the pub after he drew the triangular shape of the building site on the back of an old envelope. Doodling a question mark in the middle, he realised it would make the perfect design. Susan Hampshire outside the dressing rooms in the doughnut during filming of The Forsyte Saga in 1967 Susan Hampshire was among the actors who came to know the studios well in the 1960s. In 1967 she starred in The Forsyte Saga, the last major drama to be shot in black and white; and Vanity Fair, the first to be made in colour. TV Centre had a family feeling. You walked along the corridor and everybody said hello, she recalled. But all the corridors did look the same. We all got lost on our way to find the studio or the canteen. Unless you recognised someone in the costume from your period you had no idea where you were. All of us would end up in the wrong studios. The people who never got lost were the BBC tour guides, who showed thousands of visitors around the building for more than a decade. We knew those corridors pretty well, said Kelly Barnes, operations manager for BBC Tours . TV Centre tours ended in February, but demand was so high in the final weeks that there were 18 separate tours running daily. Kelly Barnes (right) with visitors on a BBC tour in front of the famous facade of Studio TC1 Visitors would get a close look at Gene Hunts Audi Quattro from Life on Mars and the Tardis from Doctor Who. In the studio viewing galleries, they might glimpse rehearsals for shows like Strictly Come Dancing. Sometimes youd catch sight of the dancers having a cigarette out in the hub in their dressing gowns, said Ms Barnes. People loved seeing that it wasnt so glamorous behind the scenes. Most celebrities were really friendly, though occasionally youd see them turn round and walk the other way. Once Ricky Tomlinson, from The Royle Family, came over and said hello, but the tour guide had to tell him the tour group were French and had no idea who he was! One of the last programmes to leave TV Centre has been quiz show Pointless, presented by Alexander Armstrong and Richard Osman. I know everything has to move on, but Im glad theres been an outpouring of affection for TV Centre and an understanding of its place in the pantheon, said Osman, who is also creative director for independent production company Endemol UK. Richard Osman (left) tweeted this picture of himself and Alexander Armstrong as quiz show Pointless came to an end in Studio TC6 Before its move to Elstree last month, Pointless was recorded at TC6, a studio that was also home to Tomorrows World, Doctor Who, Only Fools and Horses, Fawlty Towers and Blue Peter. I was very sorry to leave, said Osman. Its nice to have somewhere where everyone is working together on different shows and genres. Theres something about an industry where everybody knows each other. Our camera supervisor, Nigel, had worked in TC6 for 30 years - his first ever show was in that studio making Top of the Pops. It was a place hed put so much love into, along with so many other craftsmen and craftswomen who genuinely adore the place and adore their jobs. It all bleeds into the walls of the place. So many amazing comedy and entertainment shows have been made there. I think its a terrible shame - it feels like theyve closed down the Royal Opera House. More on This Story Related Stories Last BBC news bulletin at TV Centre 17 MARCH 2013 ,     UK Madness for BBC hubs farewell gig 27 FEBRUARY 2013 ,     ENTERTAINMENT & ARTS The biggest newsroom in Europe Watch 14 JANUARY 2013 ,     ENTERTAINMENT & ARTS BBC TV Centre plans include hotel 05 FEBRUARY 2013 ,     ENTERTAINMENT & ARTS Goodbye Television Centre 06 JULY 2012 ,     IN PICTURES For the love of Television Centre 13 JUNE 2011 ,     MAGAZINE BBC TV Centre turns 50 Watch 29 JUNE 2010 ,     ENTERTAINMENT & ARTS Related Internet links Television Centre Around the BBC BBC Tours The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Share this page Delicious Digg Facebook reddit StumbleUpon Twitter Email Print More Entertainment  Arts stories RSS Cyrus performance draws complaints Miley Cyruss risque performance at the MTV VMAs generates complaints from a parenting pressure group in the US. Madonna is highest-earning celebrity Miffy books to be updated in UK  Top stories US ready to launch Syria strike US house prices continue to rise Facebook details government requests Canadian hostage freed in Colombia Evidence for new element boosted  Features  Analysis Draw your weapons Watch The global arms trade mapped and visualised Party scene Is Pakistan a great place to be a gay man? Tiny lives The low-cost tech that is saving babies Vote - or else Why is casting your ballot compulsory in Australia?  Most Popular Shared 1: Strike against Syria 'catastrophic' 2: US 'ready' to launch Syria strike 3: Inside gay Pakistan 4: The low cost tech that's saving babies 5: Sea otter return boosts seagrass Read 1: Evidence for new element boosted 2: Strike against Syria 'catastrophic' 3: US 'ready' to launch Syria strike 4: Facebook details government requests 5: Syria crisis: Where key countries stand 6: Cyrus performance draws complaints 7: China hit by 'biggest' cyber-attack 8: US house prices continue to rise 9: Syria crisis: Western military options 10: Grand Theft Auto leak sparks apology Video/Audio 1: Visualising the global arms trade Watch 2: France 'ready to punish' over attack Watch 3: Argentine duo tango to victory Watch 4: Syria denies chemical attacks Watch 5: Syria crisis: US military 'ready to go' Watch 6: 'Worst China floods for a century' Watch 7: Cameron: Chemical weapons 'indefensible' Watch 8: 'Police' get into Notting Hill beat Watch 9: 'This is my job': Life on rubbish dump Watch 10: Syria attack: What the footage tells us Watch  Elsewhere on BBC News Life-saving warmth How low cost technology could help save premature babies lives  Programmes Fast Track Watch Rajan Datar takes the train to the Vietnamese coastal town of Hoi An for a cooking masterclass  Services Mobile Connected TV News feeds Alerts E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Media Action Editorial Guidelines  BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC  Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help  Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC  Parental Guidance BBC  2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. SiteCatalyst code version: H.21. Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights Reserved More info available at http://www.omniture.com  