  Copyright  2003 - Sellcar.net - Design by MattCake Welcome to Sellcar.net One click on... and it's gone! UK Car Valuations Do you have a second-hand car for sale? Do you want to sell a used vehicle but don't want to advertise in the press? Would you like to someone to buy your car for cash? Then let Sellcar.net buy your car from you. Sellcar.net is an online car valuation service which will give you a guaranteed offer. At Sellcar.net , we are interested in buying all types of second-hand and used cars - with none of the usual hassles associated with selling your car.  We buy your Car for Cash! We will buy your vehicle for cash. Enter all the information about the condition of your car here on our site and our vehicle valuation experts will make an assessment. If you decide to go ahead with the sale of your car through Sellcar.net , you will be paid cash as per the valuation quoted. At Sellcar.net , we are in the business of buying hundreds of second-hand cars and other types of used vehicles, so we can deal with the sale of your car quickly and efficiently. Sell your Car Online So whatever kind of car you'd like to sell, whether it's a new car, a used or second-hand vehicle, let us at Sellcar.net buy it - our car valuation experts will do all the hard work for you.  Why use Sellcar.net?  it's... F A S T  O nly  48 hours between you contacting our used vehicle valuation  experts, and the sale of your car being finalised by Sellcar.net .  We make a cash payment to you when you sell your vehicle  to us, and you don't pay any 3rd party costs. Whether  it's a second-hand or new car, you can realise your vehicle's  cash potential with us - fast!  it's... E  A S Y Sellcar.net is the best way to sell a  car in the UK and we are the UK's premier cash for cars  service. To get started, just fill in and submit our simple  online proposal form . There  are no visits, no hassles, no bids. Click  here to find out why  it's... F  R E E  Y es,  free. You pay nothing. The valuation we give you is the  money we will pay when the sale of the car is finalised.  No extra charges, no obligation, 100% free .  Sell your used second-hand cars online to Sellcar.net  - the UK's best second-hand car valuation service  on the web.  S E L L C A R . N E T Copyright  2003 Sellcar.net . All rights reserved. 