 Members Technology Car Care/Ownership Used Cars Ford Certified Used Car and Truck Program What are the advantages of buying a used certified Ford versus a regular used Ford? A Review of the Ford used car and truck certification process and benefits. Posted by James Clausen | Last updated: Mar 25, 2013  Ford Certified Used Car and Truck Program  Review of Ford Prewoned Cerftified Cars  There can be some advantages to buying a used certified car from a new car dealer. Most vehicle manufactures have certification programs but there are some differences from one manufacturer to another. This article will examine the Ford pre-owned vehicle certified program for what the qualifications are for certification as well as the benefits. Ford Certified Used Car Qualifications Each car manufacturer has a basic set of rules for the minimum qualifications of pre-owned certification status. The basic rules for all manufacturers include age limits, and mileage limits. Each vehicle must also pass a comprehensive vehicle inspection. The following are Ford’s qualification requirements. Ford vehicles must be less than 6 years old Vehicle must have less than 80,000 miles Must pass a 169 point-by-point inspection by factory trained Ford technicians Ford Pre-Owned Certified Powertrain Warranty Coverage Ford certified used vehicles come with a 6-year or 100,000 mile power train warranty (which ever comes first), from the original in-service date. For example if the original (new) in-service date were exactly 4 years ago, there would be 2 years left on the power train warranty. Power train warranty covers engine, transmission and drive-train components. New Ford’s come with a 3-year or 36,000 mile warranty (which ever comes first). If the used vehicle purchased has less than 3/36, the remainder of the new vehicle warranty will apply. Ford Pre-Owned Certified Comprehensive Warranty Coverage An additional 3-month or 3,000 mile comprehensive limited warranty from the date of the certified used car purchase that covers over 500 components. The component areas that the comprehensive limited warranty covers include steering, suspension, electrical, heating and air, fuel system, safety, brakes, hi-tech, emissions and Ford equipped audio systems. Benefits of Buying a Used Certified Ford Warranties are owner transferable Lower financing rates than non-certified used cars Parts used for reconditioning are genuine Ford parts Auto Check vehicle history report that reports possible fire, salvage, flood damage, odometer problems or lemon law cases Tire tread depth must be 5/32nds or better across the tire or the tires are replaced Brake lining must have 50% or better remaining or they get replaced Reconditioning performed by factory-trained technicians There are certainly some advantages to buying a certified used Ford. How does Ford’s pre-owned certified vehicles compare to other car manufacturers? A new leased vehicle could also be another option for a lower monthly payment. Find out if a purchase or lease is a better option. If planning on trading in a vehicle to reduce the monthly payment, find out what the car’s worth . Selling it to a private party could result in a substantially larger down payment. Source: fordcpo.com Recommend this About the author  James Clausen Suite101 contributor Member since Jun 22, 2009 362 posts 141  Join the discussion View the discussion thread. what others are reading 0 How to Use Edmunds.com Bluebook Used Car Book Value Price Guide Posted by James Clausen  0 Nissan Certified Used Car Program Posted by James Clausen  0 Where to Buy Cheap Used Cars: Best Affordable Secondhand Vehicles Posted by Jenny Evans  0 Honda Certified Used Car Program Posted by James Clausen 1 0 Mercedes-Benz Certified Used Car Program Posted by James Clausen  More on this topic Where to Sell Your Car By Jo Jones  The Lotus Elan SE: A New classic By Douglas Forrest  The Best and Most Reliable Used Cars: Buying Guide By Candice Edwards  Where to Buy Cheap Used Cars: Best Affordable Secondhand Vehicles By Jenny Evans  Car Valuation Tips – Estimate Used Car Values By Candice Edwards  About Terms Contact Suite101 is one of the web's largest independent publishers, home to more than 20,000 experts, writers, teachers and travelers since 1996. Made in Vancouver, Canada.  