  Facebook Twitter RSS Subscriptions About Us WardsAuto InfoBank Help Skip to Navigation Skip to Content WardsAuto Search:  Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close  News  Analysis Auto Makers Dealerships Suppliers By Topic Management/Strategy Plants/Production Politics/Trade Retail Sales/Marketing Supply Chain Vehicles/Technology Vehicle Test Drives By Region World Africa/Middle East Asia Pacific Europe North America South America Newswire Video WardsAuto Video VideoWire Press Releases Data Center Browse Data World Asia Pacific Europe North America South America Other U.S. Only U.S. Sales/Inventory U.S. Production/Installations U.S. Other Search Data Reference Public Data Data Articles Directories Vehicles by Model Supplier Directory Reports/ Magazines 2013 Wards 10 Best Engines 2013 WardsAuto Interiors Conference Special Reports by Year 2013 2012 2011 2010 Prior Years WardsAuto World WardsAuto Dealer Business WardsAuto Flashback White Papers Blogs/Community Community Forum: Vehicles  Technology Industry Voices WardsAuto Blogs Counting Cars Final Inspection Retail Front Road Ahead Events Conferences Tradeshows Upcoming Webinars Past Webinars Advertisement  Home  News  Analysis  By Region  North America  Nissan Pulls Plug on Altima Coupe Nissan Pulls Plug on Altima Coupe Jul. 16, 2013 Christie Schweinsberg |WardsAuto EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 When the Altima sedan was redesigned last year for 13, the coupe was not, with Nissan carrying over the 12 coupe into 13. Altima coupe on sale in the U.S. since 08. Related Media Altima Strong Contender in Crowded Midsize-Sedan Segment Nissan Altima Coupe Set to Launch Advertisement   After much speculation, Nissan officially confirms it is discontinuing its Altima Coupe model.  The 2-door was introduced in 08 as an addition to the previous-generation Altima sedans lineup.  When the Altima sedan was redesigned last year for 13 the coupe was not, with Nissan carrying over the 12 coupe into 13.  When questioned about the future of the coupe last year, Nissan officials were noncommittal. WardsAuto /Automotive Compass forecast data does not show the 2-door Altima returning at a later date.  Nissan doesnt break out coupe sales from total Altima sales, but it is believed to be a low-volume vehicle by many industry watchers.  The No.3 Japanese auto maker targeted single buyers in their 20s and 30s at the vehicles spring 2007 media launch, as well as empty-nesters who are looking for something extra to give them some more self-expression in their lives, after years of driving sedans or minivans, a former Nissan official said then.  The auto maker brushed off concerns limited demand for other midsize coupes signaled the segment was doomed. Shrinking sales were due to lack of exciting product, not the size or door configuration of the vehicles themselves, Nissan said in 2007.  The Altima coupes discontinuance follows that of the Camry Solara, which Toyota pulled from the market in 08.  One 2-door version of a midsize sedan does remain in the U.S., however: Honda s Accord Coupe, which was redesigned for 13 along with the 4-door Accord.  Meanwhile, two other low-volume Nissans continue for 14: the Cube boxy compact and Murano CrossCabriolet convertible cross/utility vehicle.  Both are largely mostly unchanged from 13, although the Cube does get a new turquoise exterior color, which replaces a chocolate-brown shade.  Most of the changes to Nissans lineup for 14 include modifications to option packages.  The 14 Altima 2.5 S gets a new Sport Value package with 16-in. aluminum alloy wheels, while 2.5 S and 3.5 S grades get a new Display Audio package with a 5.0-in. (12-cm) color screen.  However, Nissan says it tinkered with the suspension, steering and transmission tuning for its Sentra compact sedan, which was all-new for 13.  The 14 Sentra also will have improved infotainment features, the auto maker promises.  The closely watched Leaf electric vehicle is mostly unchanged after undergoing a number of additions in 13. Nissan did add a rearview monitor as standard for 14 on all Leaf grades. cschweinsberg@wardsauto.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Related Articles Suzuki Shows New Midsize Sedan to Dealers Honda Accord Coupe Concept Foreshadows Ninth-Gen Model Nissan Banks on 4-Door Sales Accord Rounds Out Trio of New Midsize Cars Next-Gen Nissan Cars to Bear Family Resemblance; Sentra Coupe Possible Related Resources  Editors PIcks Aug. 23, 2013 Article WardsAuto Audi, Mercedes Step Up U.S. Diesel Push Several new diesel vehicles are entering the U.S. market, including five Audis and the Mercedes E250 sedan. A University of Michigan study finds favorable long-term cost of ownership for diesels.... More  Aug. 26, 2013 Article WardsAuto Strikes Slash Hyundai 2013 Output by 102,000 Units Production losses dating back to April are the highest from a strike action the auto maker has ever sustained within one year.... More  Aug. 23, 2013 Article WardsAuto Ford Oz Blames Tax Change for Production Rollbacks The auto maker says six of 12 down days over the next two months stem from reduced demand in the wake of government changes to the fringe-benefit tax rules.... More  Aug. 22, 2013 Article WardsAuto Toyota’s New 2013 Sales Target for Corolla Rides on New Model Despite new highly acclaimed segment offerings such as the Chevy Cruze, Ford Focus, Hyundai Elantra and Kia Forte, a top U.S. executive is confident the new Corolla can command 330,000 deliveries in 2014.... More  Aug. 22, 2013 Article WardsAuto Ford Dirt-Detection Technology Improves Paint Process High-resolution images – 3,150 are captured in 15 seconds on every vehicle – are stitched together for a full 3-dimensional image that is compared with a perfect computer model.... More Click here for more News  Anlaysis WardsAuto editors blog offering insights on the global auto industry. Advertisement  WardsAuto Blogs Aug. 26, 2013 blog Big Oil Has Better Lobby The CAFE standard quickly is becoming a carbon-dioxide emissions rule. The fastest way to cut CO2 emissions is to reduce the amount of carbon in fuel, through ethanol blends. Auto makers need to craft a strategy that puts the onus on the oil industry to carry the load.... More  Aug. 22, 2013 blog Competing Spurs Overreaching No manufacturer sets out to deliberately harm or deceive customers, but there may be a tendency to stretch things.... More  Aug. 16, 2013 blog Banged Up Dream Cruiser Gets Another Chance Another restoration project is about to get under way. Expect it to involve a certain Dearborn pony car that has a milestone birthday next year.... More  Aug. 12, 2013 blog Light-Duty Diesels Ready for Prime Time The only thing wrong with diesels is the technology was invented in 1893. If it had been developed by Elon Musk last year, Congress would be mandating auto makers to offer diesel engines in passenger cars.... More  Aug. 5, 2013 blog Dick Dauch Remembered Industry veteran Dauch started his automotive career at General Motors in 1964, and he was only 30 when he was selected to manage one of its largest plants. Stints at Volkswagen and Chrysler followed, prior to the creation of American Axle from some GM cast-off plants in Detroit.... More WardsAuto Blog page... Advertisement Nissan recently dropped the Altima Coupe from its lineup, leaving the Honda Accord as the only midsize 2-door offered in the U.S. What’s the No.1 reason midsize coupes have fallen out of favor? View all polls Advent of stylish, more practical 4-door coupes Better coupe alternatives with smaller cars Higher insurance premiums CUV craze leaving little market room for midsize 2-doors Styling too bland Performance credentials lacking  Hot Topic Autonomous Vehicles: Analysis and coverage of issues and technologies related to self-driving cars. Aug. 7, 2013 Article WardsAuto Automotive Electronics Moving at Lightning Speed Transformations will occur in the major categories of vehicle components and systems, a strategist from auto supplier Dana says.... More  Aug. 7, 2013 Article WardsAuto Traffic on Road to Automated Driving May Be Heavy 1 A consumer survey shows traditional auto makers are the overall preferred developers of autonomous vehicles, but younger respondents choose high-tech companies.... More  Aug. 6, 2013 Article WardsAuto Lots to Like About Automated Cars, But Hurdles Ahead “If driver error isn’t there, lanes become narrower, merge distances become shorter, curves are more compact, because the (automated) cars know how to drive them,” says the director of MDOT.... More  Aug. 5, 2013 Article WardsAuto Camera Technology Monitors Where Driver is Looking By remembering the contours of the driver’s face, the camera-based system could adjust the car’s seats, lighting and preferences for adaptive-cruise-control settings.... More  Aug. 5, 2013 Article WardsAuto Delphi Onboard With Autonomous Cars The supplier has active-safety contracts with Ford, Volvo and Hyundai, and the head of the Electronics and Safety division sees the future need for additional manufacturing capacity.... More  Jul. 23, 2013 Article WardsAuto Experts Share Visions of Autonomous Vehicles’ Future A panel of experts says the automation of both steering and adaptive cruise control is being achieved in cars such as the Mercedes S-Class. Fully autonomous urban cars could arrive as early as 2017 and as late as 2030.... More  Jul. 18, 2013 Article WardsAuto New Mercedes S-Class Claims Many World Firsts From a perfuming system to self-driving features, Mercedes’ new flagship demonstrates how far auto makers now have to reach to impress luxury car purchasers.... More More related: Vehicles  Technology  Advertisement Advertisement  Advertisement  Key Content For: Analysts Dealers Engineers Marketers Product Planners Suppliers Media Center Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Advertising Contact Subscriptions Privacy Statement Terms of Use Wards AutoInfoBank Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Search: Penton Media  News & Analysis Newswire VideoWire Press Releases Retail Technology Test Drives Data Center Latest Key Data N.A. Production Forecast U.S. Light Vehicle Sales U.S. Sales Forecast World Vehicle Sales Research Engine Specs Interelationships Product Programs Vehicle Directory WardsAuto InfoBank World Assembly Plants Ward's Programs 10 Best Engines 10 Best Interiors Dealer 500 MegaDealer 100 e-Dealer 100 Magazines WardsAuto World WardsAuto Dealer Business Events 10 Best Engines WardsAuto Interiors Conference Special Reports Year in Review Survival of the Fittest - EV Dealer Summit Community Counting Cars Blog Facebook Feeds Copyright 2013 Penton  Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds)   