  HOME AUTOS FORUM HOTLISTS   Cars Offbeat Reviews Bikes Auto Shows Vehicles Concepts JOIN THE CREW Home  Articles  Mercedes-Benz to unveil... Mercedes-Benz to unveil Concept Style Coupe at Auto China 2012  Posted By: Sonia Renthlei | Apr 19 2012 With an attempt to recovering the position it previously lost to competitors Audi and BMW, Germany-based Mercedes-Benz is looking to introduce its new concept, the CSC, better known as the Concept Style Coupe, at the upcoming Auto China 2012 to be held in Beijing. The Concept Style Coupe is Mercedes-Benz’s answer to BMW’s 1-series and 3-series as well as Audi’s A3 and A4. Based on Mercedes’ new stretched version of the MFA platform, the CSC is a fusion of the Concept A and the F800 Style Concept. Mercedes-Benz Concept Style Coupe Picture Gallery Mercedes-Benz Concept Style Coupe The car is a sleeker and based heavily on the F800 style concept we saw in 2010. For now, not much is known about the Concept Style Coupe aside from the fact that it will be sharing the same 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine that the A-Class is using, capable of producing 208 horsepower. However, vehicles coming out of the production line will offer a range of gasoline and diesel engine alternatives to customers. Like the A-Class, the CSC sacrifices space for style although it boasts a graceful exterior dominated by lines. The tail and nose of the car drops away from the massive passenger compartment. The Concept Style Coupe shares many other similarities with the A-Class such as curved headlamps and the stylized metallic looking grille. As per speculations, the interiors will probably feature tons of suede accents coupled with modern styling which will offer a radical change from the classic Mercedes style. The CSC will also be installed with carbon fiber and neon green air vents which will give the car an alien craft-like sensation, and white and gray seats which will match the rest of the interior cabin. Manufacturers also hinted that the Concept Style Coupe’s future models will offer consumers the four-door sloping shape. The CSC is anticipated to hit showrooms by early 2013 and will also be the first compact offering in the United States by Mercedes-Benz. Mercedes-Benz Concept Style Coupe The car is a sleeker and based heavily on the F800 style concept we saw in 2010. Via: Autoguide Add New Comment  Bill Bennett | Apr 20 2012 coupes have two doors not four, I know this because I have a 1983 Audi turbo quattro coupe that owns me, wax, yes dear, wash, yes dear, treat your leather seats and leather door panels yes dear, go for a drive, yes dear,, understeer, yes dear, turbolag, yes dear  LATEST REVIEWS MORE Mitsubishi Pajero Sport $46,345 Skoda Superb Amibition $34,525 Maserati GranCabrio Fendi Edition $474,515 Maruti Suzuki Ertiga $11,536 FORUMS VIEW MORE 6th Generation BMW 3Series Best custom bikes on Indian roads SoundRacers simulator adds Ferrari V12 Engine sound to your boring car Review: Mazda Miata PRHT Special Edition 2012 2012 Detroit Auto show: 2013 Bentley Continental GT V8 bows $392 million in funding helps Fisker unveil its mid range electric luxury sedan Cheapest electric cars you can grab  Recommended best cars Best cars of the last decate snowmobile Snowmobile chopper designs to ride down the snowy lanes Fast cars Fastest cars to circumvent the globe in seconds Car sex Cars too good to make love in Electric cars Electric cars in 2012: What to expect and what not Previous Next OFF BEAT  Ford shows off legendary Cobra 427 S/C at SEMA 2012 as a tribute to Carroll Shelby Bridgestone’s Angelino Petite Assista is the perfect bike for active moms Caterham tantalizes with a teaser shot of its upcoming supercharged track car Enzo successor spied testing outside Ferrari HQ in Maranello Office-K supercar meet in China has auto fans thrilled Life-size cardboard Aston Martin DB5 would be perfect for a future James Bond fighting eco-terrorists iXoost docking station binds love for supercars with quality audio system Guide on finding a car insurance online 1955 Piaggio Vespa welcomes you with a bouquet Williams F1 car inspires award-winning topiary design BAs gold-painted Firefly to ferry precious Olympic torch to London Lumma adds sport trailer to Porsche CLR 558 GT Aston Martins legacy celebrated with Calleija-designed jewelry line Space Shuttle Cafe hits eBay for a cool $150,000 After Mercedes cars  Yachts, Brabus to redefine luxury for private jets Functional Lego Land-Rover Defender 110 Model is big boys toy  CATEGORIES Cars Offbeat Reviews Bikes Auto Shows Vehicles Concepts CONNECT WITH US Facebook Twitter Google + SOME RIGHTS RESERVED  Automotto is a community generated portal. The material on this site is for informational purposes only. Privacy policy About Us Terms of use DMCA Archives Site Map MORE STORIES  2012, Automotto . Some rights reserved.  