 Teacher resources and professional development across the curriculum Teacher professional development and classroom resources across the curriculum  MENU About Us Video Series Professional Development Course  Video Licensing Lesson Plans Interactives News  Blog SEARCH About Us Video Series Prof. Development Licensing Lesson Plans Interactives News Blog About Us FAQ Staff Mission and History Site Map Site Tour Use Policy Legal Policy Privacy Policy Annenberg Foundation Annenberg Space for Photography Explore.org Funding Contact Us Video Series Video Programs View All Arts Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Discipline Page Foreign Language Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Literature & Language Arts Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Literature Discipline Page Language Arts Discipline Page Mathematics Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Mathematics Discipline Page Science Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Science Discipline Page Social Studies & History Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Social Studies & History Discipline Page Learner Express VoD/Broadband FAQ Purchase View Catalog (PDF) Request Print Catalog Purchase FAQ Order Status Purchase Order Application Regional Sales Reps International Orders Broadcast Rights Discontinued Series Customer Service Discontinued Series Professional Development Graduate Credit Continuing Education Units List of Courses Facilitator Guide Course FAQ Course  Video Licensing Free vs. License Broadcast Distance Learning Digital License Collection License Discontinued Series Lesson Plans View All Arts Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Discipline Page ALL Foreign Language Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult ALL Literature  Language Arts Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Discipline Page ALL Mathematics Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Discipline Page ALL Science Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Discipline Page ALL Social Studies  History Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult Discipline Page ALL Interactives View All Student Teacher/Adult Arts Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult ALL Foreign Language Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult ALL Literature  Language Arts Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult ALL Mathematics Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult ALL Science Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult ALL Social Studies  History Grade K-2 Grade 3-5 Grade 6-8 Grade 9-12 College/Adult ALL News  Blog Learner Log Blog New Releases Monthly Updates Signup @Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube Google+  Choose One Interactives Home Math Interactives -Geometry 3D Shapes -Math in Daily Life -Metric Conversions -Statistics Language Interactives -Elements of a Story -Historical and Cultural -Literature -Spelling Bee Arts -Cinema History Interactives -Collapse -Middle Ages -Renaissance -U.S. History Map Science Interactives -Amusement Park Physics -DNA -Dynamic Earth -Ecology Lab -Garbage -Periodic Table -Rock Cycle -Volcanoes -Weather  More About Medieval Music One way we learn about music in the Middle Ages is by examining Medieval art. There are instruments in the borders of many manuscripts of chant. Angels play everything from organs, vielles and harps to trumpets and shawms in the paintings of the period. In paintings one also finds the pipes and tabors (like a modern one-man band), nakers, bagpipes (the instrument of the peasant, found played by a shepherd in many Annunciation scenes), and bands.' These bands of shawms, trumpets, and other winds (called waits or pifferi ) were common in towns from the 13th century on. By the 12th century music grew from one melodic line (monophony) to two or more (polyphony). One of the earliest major centers of polyphonic music was at Notre Dame in Paris. Another important aspect of medieval music is that, for the first time, we have written-down notation and composer attributions. Bands played for special religious feast days, such as Christmas, Easter, and Corpus Christi, at trade fairs, civic ceremonies, royal occasions, banquets, affairs of state, and university functions. Minstrels, minnesingers, troubadours, and trouveres told stories about life and death through the songs they carried from village to village. They wrote the poetry and set them to music and travelled with their jongleurs who accompanied them on a variety of instruments, mostly strings. When the dull nights of winter arrived, and during periods of time when the nobles were isolated from the poor during the plague, people sang songs and told stories, many about love and romance, some of them humorous, heroic, and sometimes bawdy, to pass the time. Many of the songs were written in praise of the idealized woman.  Back to Medieval Music The Middle Ages is inspired by programs from The Western Tradition ,  a video series in the Annenberg Media Multimedia Collection . Home | Catalog | About  Us | Search | Contact  Us | Site Map | Tweet  Annenberg Foundation 2013. All rights reserved. Legal Policy  