 Seattle Met Facebook Twitter Google+ Subscribe Promotions Newsletters RSS Login facebook twitter Entertainment  Find It Tools Find It Restaurants  Find It Events  Find It Bars  Find It Shops  Find It Trails  Top Doctors  Top Dentists  Top Vets  Seattle Restaurants SECTIONS Seattle Restaurants Home  Find It Restaurants  Nosh Pit Blog  Sauced Blog  Editors Picks  Best Restaurants  Restaurant Reviews  Bars  Recent Articles Molly Moon's Headed to U-Village This Fall Along with three other ventures. Mr. Goh, the Guy Who Cleans Up At Canlis The mysterious man who cleans in the night. Five Questions for the Bartender: Aleko Lilly "Vodka’s like tofu—you can add any flavor to it and it will carry the day."  More Articles Slide Shows  Videos  Slide Show: Seattle’s Best French Fries  Jun 14, 2013, 9:00am  Slide Show: Inside Redmond's Highscore Burgers  Mar 26, 2013, 9:30am  Inside the New Ballard Annex Oyster House  Mar 14, 2013, 9:20am  More Slide Shows Sign Up Subscribe Entertainment SECTIONS Entertainment Home  Find an Event  Culture Fiend Blog  Editors Picks  The Met Pages Event Categories Art Books  Talks Charity Events Civic Events Classical Music Comedy Concerts Dance Family Film Food  Drink Out of Town Shopping Special Events Sports Theater  Recent Articles A Fiendish Conversation with Chris Walla Before playing the whole record at Bumbershoot, Death Cab for Cutie's guitarist and producer talks about what makes... The Top Things to Do This Weekend: Aug 22–25 Catch concerts by music legends Willie Nelson and the Beach Boys, and pedal to the Seattle Bike-In at Cal Anderson Park What Happens at the Seattle Anarchist Book Fair? Before the anarchists descend on Seattle Center, we have a mildly antagonistic chat with one of the anonymous organizers.  More Articles Sign Up Subscribe  Fashion  Shopping SECTIONS Fashion  Shopping Home  Find It Shops  Shop Talk Blog  Sales  Events  Fashion  Style Profiles  Recent Articles Downtown Seattle Rocks the Runway Downtown Seattle Rocks the Runway at Pacific Place on Wednesday, September 18 is the kick-off to a week of specials and... Save the Date: YWCA Closet Treasures Sale 2013 It's not too early to begin thinking about your strategy for this annual shopping fundraiser.  Pop-Up: Craft and Culture The locally run online shop shows up in the real world—at Object in Belltown—on Sunday, September 8.  More Articles Slide Shows  Videos  Slide Show: Glamping Inspiration Shoot  Aug 7, 2013, 1:00pm | 3 comments  Street Style: Best of Capitol Hill Block Party  Jul 30, 2013, 2:30pm | 1 comment  We Were There: Nordstrom Designer Preview 2013  Jul 19, 2013, 2:16pm  More Slide Shows Sign Up Subscribe Getaways  Trails SECTIONS Getaways  Trails Home  Find It Trails  Tripster Blog  Getaway Guides  Weekend Getaways  Hiking  Biking  Recent Articles Try This Trail: Evergreen Lookout Sure, there's green up here—but also every color of wildflower imaginable. Birdwatching for Beginners It's a bird! It's a plane! No, really, it's a bird, and a new book breaks down our region's finest feathered friends. All the Tourists Of the Rainbow: Seattle's LGBT Visitor Center The Emerald City is among the first to target gay travelers.  More Articles Slide Shows  Videos  Slide Show: Loads More Manson Food and Wine Photos  Jul 12, 2013, 9:02am  Six New Seattle Tourist Attractions  May 20, 2013, 10:34am  Slide Show: The Seattle Waterfront  Apr 15, 2013, 9:00am  More Slide Shows Sign Up Subscribe News  Profiles SECTIONS News  Profiles Home  PubliCola at Seattle Met  Mayors Race 2013  People  Profiles  Politics  Schools  Education  Sports  Business  Technology  Recent Articles  PubliCalendar: Beach Rock, Donuts for Bicyclists, and A Demonstration for Pay  Aug 27, 2013, 11:08am  Judge Tosses SeaTac Minimum Wage Petitions  Aug 27, 2013, 10:50am | 6 comments  Morning Fizz: Overwhelmingly by Voice Vote Last Night  Aug 27, 2013, 8:20am | 2 comments  On Other Blogs Today: The Rent's Too Damn High, the Coal Bubble? And More  Aug 26, 2013, 6:20pm | 16 comments Monday Jolt: Guns and Gender Mapping Out the Primary Results PubliCalendar: Breakfast for Bikers, Ask the Mayor, and Science on Tap Morning Fizz: Doing Especially Well in Wealthier Zones Friday Afternoon Fizz: McGinn vs. FOX, SLU vs. Downtown, and More  More Articles  Blogs SECTIONS Nosh Pit  PubliCola at Seattle Met  Sauced  Culture Fiend  Shop Talk  Tripster Recent Posts  Nosh Pit: Molly Moon's Headed to U-Village This Fall  Aug 27, 2013, 11:24am  PubliCola: PubliCalendar: Beach Rock, Donuts for Bicyclists, and A Demonstration for Pay  Aug 27, 2013, 11:08am  PubliCola: Judge Tosses SeaTac Minimum Wage Petitions  Aug 27, 2013, 10:50am | 6 comments  Shop Talk: Downtown Seattle Rocks the Runway  Aug 27, 2013, 9:38am  Nosh Pit: Mr. Goh, the Guy Who Cleans Up At Canlis PubliCola: Morning Fizz: Overwhelmingly by Voice Vote Last Night PubliCola: On Other Blogs Today: The Rent's Too Damn High, the Coal Bubble? And More Culture Fiend: A Fiendish Conversation with Chris Walla PubliCola: Monday Jolt: Guns and Gender Subscribe  Bars  Nightlife SECTIONS Bars Home  Find It Bars  Sauced Blog  Best Bars  Wine  Cocktails  Spirits  Beer  Seattle Restaurants  Nosh Pit Blog  Recent Articles Five Questions for the Bartender: Aleko Lilly "Vodka’s like tofu—you can add any flavor to it and it will carry the day."  This Week in Happy Hour: Jalapeno Edition If you can’t handle the heat, then don’t order the jalapeno poppers.  5 Reasons to Get Excited About Witness Bar Oh, hey—it opens tomorrow.  More Articles Slide Shows  Videos  Slide Show: Loads More Manson Food and Wine Photos  Jul 12, 2013, 9:02am  Linda Derschang's Bait Shop Opens  Dec 10, 2012, 10:11am  First Look: Outlander Brewery and Pub  Aug 8, 2012, 11:24pm  More Slide Shows Sign Up Subscribe Home  Design SECTIONS Home  Design Home  Home Remodel  Gardening  Recipes  Slide Shows  Videos  Recent Articles  Garden in a Glass  Aug 1, 2013, 7:56am  Backyard Escape  Jul 1, 2013, 8:00am  Homeowners Survival Guide  May 22, 2013, 9:00am  7 More Things Every Homeowner Should Know  May 14, 2013, 12:09pm  Killer Antique Finds Gardening Must-Haves Urban Chicken Farming in Queen Anne The Cycle House Spring Cleaning and Organizational Must-Haves  More Articles  Health SECTIONS Health Home  Womens Health Annual 2013  Top Doctors  Top Dentists  Top Vets  Fitness  Recent Articles  Killing Me Falsely  Aug 1, 2013, 7:53am  Stories from the Front Lines  Jul 12, 2013, 9:00am  Top Doctors and Nurses 2013  Jul 12, 2013, 8:57am  Infertility: A Toll for Two  Apr 19, 2013, 12:54pm | 1 comment Women's Health Annual 2013 Testing for Breast Cancer When Sitting Kills No Longer in Vein Caring for the Girls  More Articles  Real Estate SECTIONS Real Estate Home  Neighborhoods By The Numbers  Best Places to Live  Neighborhoods  Real Estate News  Recent Articles  Real Estate 2013  Apr 17, 2013, 9:00am  10 Seattle Neighborhoods Annotated  Apr 17, 2013, 9:00am | 2 comments  The Investor  May 18, 2012, 7:00am  The Born-Again Renter  May 18, 2012, 7:00am  The Move-Up Homebuyers Real Estate 2012 The Rental Virgin Seattle-Area Rentals By the Numbers Seattle Neighborhoods and Suburbs By the Numbers  More Articles  Best of the City  Best of the City Home  Wine  Cheap Eats  Food Trucks  Breakfast  Restaurants  Places to Work  Places to Live  Bars  Asian Food  Schools  Pizza  Burgers  Shopping  Seafood  Insider Guides SECTIONS  Mt. Rainier National Park  Beer  Guide to Gaming  Hair  1962 Worlds Fair  10 Greatest Homes  Pike Place Market  Olympic National Park  Mayors Race 2013  Weddings SECTIONS Seattle Met Bride  Groom  Real Weddings  Reception  Ceremony Sites  Newsletters Nosh Pit News On the Town Shop Talk Tripster Seattle Met Daily The Met Pages Seattle Met Events Editorial Surveys Special Offers The Magazine SECTIONS Current Issue  Subscribe  Advertise  Contact Us  Digital Edition  Past Issues  - Advertisement - OTHER POPULAR CONTENT  Seattle Times Columnist "Bursts Out Laughing" at Manning's Gender Transition Announcement Curious About Cronuts? Get Thee to Ba Bar. Seattle Summer Outdoor Movie Guide 2013 30 Perfect Day Trips Morning Fizz: Doing Especially Well in Wealthier Zones Seattle’s Best Seafood Friday Afternoon Fizz: McGinn vs. FOX, SLU vs. Downtown, and More Morning Fizz: Helping the Industries that Helped Us 5 Reasons to Get Excited About Witness Bar The Top Things to Do This Weekend: Aug 22–25 Cascade Endorses, Ballmer Bails, and More The 30 Seattle Restaurant Experiences You Must Have Before You Die  0 0 7 Reasons Why Seattle Is Funny A bald-faced defense of Seattle’s sense of humor. Published Oct 14, 2011, 9:00am By Laura Dannen  Photo: courtesy Marc Maron RUMOR HAS IT Seattle isn’t funny. Some say dreary weather breeds dreary people, but it’s a cop-out to blame everything on defenseless clouds. GQ magazine infamously ranked Seattle as the “Least Funny City” in 2008, calling us “…Norway on the Pacific. Norwegians should design wind farms and plan the health care system, but they may not roast people at the Friars Club.” But amid all this can’t-take-a-joke liberal piety—and just in time for the Seattle International Comedy Competition—we unearthed plenty of evidence that Seattle’s funny bone isn’t broken. 1. Angry, Neurotic Comedians Feel at Home Here When he’s not podcasting WTF with Marc Maron from his garage in Los Angeles, the caustic comedian and former Air America host seems drawn to soggy Seattle. Last year he bantered at Bumbershoot with King of Queens comic Patton Oswalt; before that, he dedicated episode 42 of WTF to a “Seattle Road Trip,” complete with a stop at Fantagraphics Books and an encounter with an ex-girlfriend and a blowtorch in a welding factory. Maron’s candid rants run from his bitter divorce to cat wrangling to existentialism—but he knows better than to bitch to us about Seattle’s weather. Marc Maron, Nov 25, Neptune Theatre 2. Our Locals Are Sitcom Superstars Shorecrest alum Rainn Wilson—aka nerdy cube dweller Dwight Schrute on NBC’s The Office —comes home with friends in tow for the second (hopefully annual) music-and-comedy benefit for the Mona Foundation. Last year he invited his keyboard-toting costar Craig Robinson, and this year he’s joined by Mindy Kaling, who plays airhead Kelly Kapoor on the sitcom. Don’t let her character’s passion for Hello Kitty fool you: Kaling writes, directs, and produces the show (overachiever) and balances chick shtick (shoe shopping, UTI medications) with lovably nerdy confessions (“It wasn’t until I was 16 that I even knew marijuana and pot were the same thing”) in her new book Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? Also on the program: singer-songwriter Andy Grammer, Visqueen, Colin Meloy of the Decemberists, and Seattle’s real-life superhero Phoenix Jones. Rainn Wilson and Friends, Nov 19, Paramount Theatre Photo: courtesy David Shankbone/Flickr Photo: courtesy GDCgraphics/Flickr 3. We Can Handle the Diva and the D-Lister on One Night Grande comedienne Joan Rivers, who recently was rumored to be dead, is scheduled to perform here the same night as her protege/rival Kathy Griffin. But like a scene out of Rivers’s documentary A Piece of Work —when the Queen of Mean bemoans, “No Vegas, no giant club dates. Kathy Griffin has taken all those”—Griffin gets the plum gig at the Paramount Theatre while Rivers headlines in Tacoma. Why hasn’t anyone realized the potential of a double bill? Imagine the possibilities: Griffin calls Rivers a “barely living legend,” Rivers bitch-slaps Griffin, and then they team up to mock everyone in the audience wearing fleece. Joan Rivers, Nov 4, Pantages Theater, Broadway Center for the Performing Arts, Tacoma; Kathy Griffin, Nov 4  5, Paramount Theatre, Seattle 4. Our Writers Turn Twitter into One-Liners In addition to the new fiction Sherman Alexie will showcase during the Hugo Literary Series on November 18, the Seattle scribe doles out a joke a day on Twitter ( @Sherman_Alexie ). • Marilyn Monroe married Arthur Miller. That’s like Jonathan Franzen marrying Angelina Jolie. • Can we end “douche bag” as an insult? I propose “enema.” It’s more inclusive and accurate. • I make enough money to know that rich people who complain about taxes are evil. • I want to be buried with a basketball, hand drum, and electric typewriter. • Every woman knows that every man looks good in a pink shirt. • Trapped and starving in the wilderness, I could eat human flesh. That’s why I always carry Tabasco sauce. • In airports, I enjoy watching white businessmen get searched by black security workers. Hugo Literary Series: While You Were Sleeping with Sherman Alexie, Kevin Sampsell, Nicole Hardy, and Rachel Flotard, Nov 18, Richard Hugo House 5. We Laugh at the Coming Global Superpocalypse “Like all things with computers inside of them, microwave ovens will be rendered useless by the omega pulse. So if you want to enjoy good, old-fashioned microwave popcorn, you’re going to have to dip into your dried corn stockpile, and then kidnap one of the descendants of Orville Redenbacher, about a third of whom still carry his telepathic mind-popping gene." Photo: courtesy John Cornicello John Hodgman on “how to make essential household products yourself after the coming global superpocalypse known as Ragnarok.” The Daily Show ’s longtime trivia nerd and purveyor of fake facts just published the final installment of his Complete World Knowledge trilogy, That Is All . He’ll coach us on how to prepare for the end of the world at Town Hall. John Hodgman, Nov 7, Town Hall, presented by Elliott Bay Book Company 6. Sketch Troupe the Habit Is Back! In the year 2000 (cue the Conan O’Brien voice-over) UW alums John Osebold, Jeff Schell, Mark Siano,  Ryan Dobosh, David Swidler, Luke Thayer, and Austin Elston ruled the local comedy scene with sketches  about incompetent ninjas and a day in the life of marshmallow Peeps. Then the troupe packed up and  moved to Los Angeles, where “they enjoyed the smell of smog and failure.” Back in Seattle this fall,  the now Stranger Geniuses (Osebold) and cabaret stars (Siano) performed their first original hometown  show in a decade—and Seattle split its sides. thehabitcomedy.com 7. A Man with a Mustache Keeps Things Weird…and Awesome Emmett Montgomery followed a typical path to comedy fame: Leave Utah for Bellingham. Suffer severe loneliness. Resort to making paper-bag puppets. Move to Seattle and manage a Hollywood Video. Do stand-up on the side dressed as a unicorn. Cofound the People’s Republic of Komedy and become the “mommy the lost boys of Seattle comedy always wanted,” to quote his Komedy colleague Barbara Holm. For the past decade Montgomery, whose mustache precedes him, has delighted in what’s zany about the Emerald City—so much so that he’s created a monthly variety show for Annex Theatre called, simply, Weird and Awesome with Emmett Montgomery . “I like stuff that scares and excites the imagination,” he said. The 90-minute show ventures from traditional stand-up to a parade of robots, puppets, and cartoon monsters. “It’s different every time. It’s nice to have a show where I can kind of push the limits. It’s the best thing I can do right now.” Photo: courtesy M. Kyle Moseby Why do people insist that  Seattle isn’t funny? Nobody’s ever told me that—but they probably wouldn’t tell me that to my face. I think all the elements are here for unique, creative stuff. This is a literate city, so there’s a fair amount of weirdness, bitter weirdness… The sky doesn’t exist for nine months of the year, so it causes people to retreat into things like booze and good food and dark corners, which is where comedy tends to happen. I think any city with a high suicide rate is going to have a really good comedy scene. I’d say they’re both acts of desperation. What’s the future of Seattle comedy? I firmly believe there will be a sketch boom soon, a lot like there was five years ago for stand-up. Sketch group the Habit is back, and SketchFest is talking about having a year-round presence. And I see a lot of young, hungry minds making wonderful things.… There are pockets of wonder hidden in this gray and despair. What local comedians make you laugh? David Crowe is one of the most intelligent and funny comics around. Also Rylee Newton, Kermet Apio—I’ve never seen him not be funny—and John Keister. I really like Mike Drucker, who’s written for SNL and The Onion and is here to work for Nintendo. We are losing a bunch of comedians, [people] moving to LA and New York, but I think that’s good. We’re exporting a good product. Most importantly: How do you keep such a sleek ’stache? Any advice for people growing facial hair for Movember? I’d just tell people to cut off the parts of your facial hair you don’t like and keep the other parts, and then wait. And have a lot of Viking DNA . Weird and Awesome with Emmett Montgomery, Nov 6, Annex Theatre File Under: The Green Room RELATED CONTENT Worlds Fare Share  The Perfect Party 0 Share  Burning Man 2 Share  Comments ( 0 ) Login to comment: Facebook Twitter Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Seattle Times Columnist "Bursts Out Laughing" at Manning's Gender Transition Announcement Curious About Cronuts? Get Thee to Ba Bar. Seattle Summer Outdoor Movie Guide 2013 30 Perfect Day Trips Morning Fizz: Doing Especially Well in Wealthier Zones Seattle’s Best Seafood Friday Afternoon Fizz: McGinn vs. FOX, SLU vs. Downtown, and More Morning Fizz: Helping the Industries that Helped Us 'The Price Is Right' Is Coming to Seattle Top Doctors and Nurses 2013 Curious About Cronuts? Get Thee to Ba Bar. The Great Drive: North Cascades Highway New Smartphone App to Decrease Seattle's Food Leftovers Seattle’s Best Seafood A Visit to Nordstrom's New Cocktail Bar, Habitant Paleo Food Truck Outside the Box Officially Hits the Streets Sims Said to Accept Post in Obama Administration Woman Says She Rented to Drug Dealer Because She Couldn't Afford Her Mortgage Matching Federal Dollars for Basic Health Plan May Be in Vain Prosecutors Charge Seven More In Speakeasy Case, Police Say Art Foundation Was A Front Our Public School Kids Deserve Better than I-1240 SeattleCrime.com: McKenna, 44 Other AGs Demand Records from Backpage McGinn Staffer Attacks This Crank as "Sexist" PubliCalendar: Concussion Discussion, Bike Planning, Big Green Picnic, and a Night of Genius - Advertisement -  Most popular Slide Shows  Videos Six New Seattle Tourist Attractions  May 20, 2013, 10:34am  Slide Show: Seattle’s Best French Fries  Jun 14, 2013, 9:00am  Street Style: Best of Capitol Hill Block Party  Jul 30, 2013, 2:30pm | 1 comment  Our 20 Favorite Summer Shoes  Jul 16, 2013, 10:30am  Slide Show: Meet the New Cupcake Royale  Jul 22, 2009, 12:00pm  Slide Show: Glamping Inspiration Shoot  Aug 7, 2013, 1:00pm | 3 comments  Inside the New Sundance Cinemas Seattle  Jun 25, 2013, 2:06pm  - Advertisement -  More Stories In Seattle Restaurants Molly Moon's Headed to U-Village This Fall  Aug 27, 2013, 11:24am  Mr. Goh, the Guy Who Cleans Up At Canlis  Aug 27, 2013, 9:00am  Five Questions for the Bartender: Aleko Lilly  Aug 26, 2013, 12:49pm  5 Reasons to Get Excited About Westward and Little Gull  Aug 26, 2013, 11:30am  More Site Map | Contact Us Company About Us Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscription Services Subscribe Renew Subscription Change Delivery Address Pay Invoice Purchase Back Issues Subscriber FAQ Other Sagacity Media Portland Monthly Portland Bride and Groom Seattle Met Bride and Groom Other SagaCity Media Titles  Best of Seattle Best Places to Live in Seattle Best Places to Work in Seattle Top Doctors in Seattle Top Bars in Seattle Seattle Top Food Trucks Seattle Best Breakfasts Seattle Best Restaurants Regional Content Seattle Shopping Seattle Events Seattle Great Wheel Seattle Attractions Seattle Best City Parks Best Washington Wines Seattle Real Estate Seattle Food and Drink Find a Restaurant in Seattle Find a Bar in Seattle Seattle Restaurant Reviews Seattle Burger Restaurants Seattle News Meeru Dhalwala Seattle Restaurant Top Chef Seattle Seattle Great Wheel Email First Name Last Name Zip Code YES! Subscribe me to these newsletters: Nosh Pit News Restaurant tips, cheap eats, and booze news from all over the city delivered by Seattle Met’s expert food and drink team. On the Town Your source for the citys best arts and entertainment bets, cant-miss events, plus celebrity interviews, charity benefits, and ticket giveaways. Shop Talk Get the goods on fashion and shopping. Seattle Mets style editor spots the trends and tells where and when to hit the hottest sales and bargains. Tripster Weekend escapes, travel deals, lodging and dining picks, and getaways to destinations around the Northwest and beyond, delivered by the Seattle Met travel team. Seattle Met Daily Every weekday morning Seattle Met and PubliCola deliver breaking news and essential updates from around the Northwest. The Met Pages The city’s pre-eminent who’s who in pictures and words, highlighting the remarkable people and events that make our city so vibrant, exciting, and generous. Editorial Surveys Join Seattle Mets panel of VIP tastemakers and be invited to share your opinions, vote for favorite businesses, make nominations for upcoming editorial features, and participate in Seattle Met reader surveys. Your voice matters! Seattle Met Events Its no secret: we throw the best parties in town! Become one of our VIPs and get advance notice and special offers for all of our great events. Special Offers Would you like to be notified about special deals from our trusted partners? They run the gamut from Hawaiian travel to free gelato!  Close 