  Unbiased Reviews by Real People All Categories To Show Car Seats Kids & Family All Categories Related: infant carseat , convertible car seats , baby car seats , chicco car seats , twin mattresses , more  racing seats , eddie bauer carseats , less   How to earn    | Sign In     | Join Now Home & Garden Electronics Health & Beauty Sports & Outdoor Computers Media Kids & Family Watches Office Store Reviews More... Home  Kids & Family  Car Seats  1500 STE Convertible Car Seat 1500 STE Convertible Car Seat 17 consumer reviews | Write a Review Average Product Rating: Excellent  5 stars 9 4 stars 5 3 stars 2 stars 2 1 star 1 <;url>" onclick="return fbs_click()" target="_blank" style="text-decoration:none;">   Ask friends for feedback   Convertible Car Seats Up to 90% Off on Name Brand Baby Convertible Car Seats . Shop Now! www.zulily.com/ Car - Seats ')" onmouseout="cs()" onclick="ga(this,event)" target="_blank"> Car Seat Blowout Sale Save up to 53% on the Top Brand Convertible Car Seats -Free Shipping www.albeebaby.com/ Car - Seats Ads by Google Compare Prices Read Reviews (17) View Details Read more customer reviews | Write a Review About the Author Epinions.com ID: stlmom - Top 1000 Location: St. Louis, MO Reviews written: 91 Trusted by: 33 members About Me: "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." Martin Luther King, Jr.  ONLY Convertible Car Seat Under $100 that gets Excellent Crash Rating from Consumer Reports Jul 25, 2004 Rated a Very Helpful Review by the Epinions community User Rating: Excellent Durability: Ease of Use: Pros: Outstanding value, impressive padding and great safety ratings Cons: May be too small for certain children, rear-adjusting straps, no recline The Bottom Line: This is an outstanding convertible with uncompromised safety features at an unbelievable price point.  Let me just start off by getting right to the point: the Century 1500 STE Convertible Car Seat really does make the perfect second car seat, particularly if you are on a budget. It's affordable, it's comfortable and it's safe. Its so safe that it is the ONLY convertible under $100 that receives an excellent for a crash rating. On the other hand, its got some design peculiarities that may not make it the perfect seat for all children. At the same time, don't throw the baby out with the bath water! I would highly recommend this seat if you are looking for an inexpensive but safe second car seat to accommodate a baby or smaller toddler. If you are planning to have another child, this may be a seat that be passed down once your growing toddler is ready for a booster seat. Because of the outstanding price point and great padding on this seat, I would definitely recommend taking a look! PRODUCT DESCRIPTION The Century 1500 STE Convertible Car Seat is a convertible car seat produced by Graco . For those who may be unfamiliar with car seat terminology, a "convertible" car seat is positionable in either the forward-facing or rear-facing modes to accommodate the safety needs of infants and toddlers. *Harness: Its got a 5-point harness with straps that can be positioned at three shoulder levels. The metal clips are simple (no IQ tests here) and easy to insert into the clip base. A red button can be pressed with one-hand to release the clips. *Straps: They are a little wider than some of the other straps Ive seen on the market. This width may prevent them from getting tangled. Ive been pleasantly surprised with the fact that really dont get tangled very easily at all. This chest clasp is good. I think this particular Graco clasp releases more easily than the Evenflo clasp. *Seat frame: The seat frame is all plastic and positioned at a comfortable angle to allow a child remain either alert or asleep. Unfortunately, this seat does not recline which may make it suboptimal for long car rides or long commutes but for ordinary use it is just perfect. *Padding: The padding on this seat is just OUTSTANDING for the value. Its full and cushy to really hug a small child nicely. The fabric is soft, attractive and machine washable. Also, a plush little pillow has been provided for added comfort in the head and neck. I couldnt be happier with the quality of the fabric and padding for the price point. WHAT ARE THE WEIGHT OR SIZE LIMITS FOR THIS CAR SEAT? The manufacturer recommends using the Century 1500 STE Convertible Car Seat rear-facing only for infants up to 22lbs and forward-facing for children 20 to 40lbs and less than 40 inches tall. HOW DO INDEPENDENT ORGANIZATIONS RATE THIS SEAT? * National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) Ratings: Assembly - A Evaluation of Labels Rating - B Evaluation of Instructions Rating - B Installing Features Rating - A Securing the Child Rating - B Overall Ease of Use Rating - B * Consumer Reports Ratings: Crash Protection  Excellent to Very Good Ease of Use  Fair to Very Good Fit to Vehicle  Good to Excellent Notes about this particular rating from Consumer Reports  This is the ONLY convertible under $100 that receives an excellent for a crash rating. For more information on this seat and for great safety tips related to the installation of all car seats please go to: http://www.consumerreports.org/ HOW EASY IS IT TO INSTALL? The installation of this seat is a snap. Because its not as bulky as some of the other seats out there, it is very easy to thread a seat belt through the space in the back. Youll also find that Gracos convenient leveling device (a ball that falls within a green or red region depending on how the seat is positioned) will instantly let you know if the seat is angled appropriately within your vehicle. It is also LATCH compatible which makes installation very straight-forward. HOW EASY IS IT TO ADJUST? Because of the great price point on this seat, youre going to have to adjust the straps from behind. This means that youll need to remove the seat from the car to re-thread the straps at the various levels or to tighten at the same level. It is definitely an inconvenience but I suppose somethings got to give for such an affordable seat. OVERALL ASSESSMENT I now personally own five car seats and this is the newest seat added to our fleet. I am extraordinarily pleased with the comfort and safety it provides for my child at a most reasonable $40-50 price. Go GRACO ! If you have any questions about this product, please feel free to contact me at any time. Recommend this product? Yes Amount Paid (US$): 40  Age Range of Child: 12 to 36 Months  Read all comments (3) | Write your own comment Read more product reviews on 1500 STE Convertible Car Seat | Write a Review Share this product review with your friends <;url>" onclick="return fbs_click()" target="_blank" style="text-decoration:none;">  Related Deals You Might Like... The First Years True Fit Convertible C670, Gray/Black The Lamaze True Fit Convertible Car Seat in Grey/Black seat for use rear facing up to 35 pounds (22-35 with headrest) and forward facing from 23 to 65... $152.99  Clek Foonf Convertible Seat - Drift Shop for Convertible Car Seats from Cribs.com! Don't be put off by the weird name. The Clek Foonf Convertible Seat - Drift is a dependable, convertibl... $449.99  True Fit Convertible C680 - Gray Find car seats and boosters at Target.com! The first years true fit convertible c680 - gray $205.99  Recaro Performance RIDE Convertible Car Seat - Sapphire Rear-facing capacity: 5-40 lbs Forward-facing capacity: 20-70 lbs Height capacity: 50 inches Dimensions: 27 to 29 H x 19 W x 11 D Introducing the RECA... $249.99  The First Years True Fit Convertible C680 Car Seat Y600 Color: Pop of Pink Color: Pop of Pink The First Years Y600 The First Years launches an new convertible car seat, the True Fit SI. (model C680). The SI has all the featu... $185.79  Clek Foonf Convertible Seat - Snowberry Clek Foonf Convertible SeatClek combines safety for babies and small children with ease of use for parents in the Foonf Convertible Car Seat. Clek\'s ... $399.99  Clek Foonf Convertible Child Seat, Drift Foonf is Clek's no-compromise convertible child seat introducing revolutionary safety technology, innovative convenience features, and 100% recyclable... $377.37  Clek Foonf Convertible Seat - Drift Shop for Convertible Car Seats from Cribs.com! Don't be put off by the weird name. The Clek Foonf Convertible Seat - Drift is a dependable, convertibl... $449.99  Clek Foonf Convertible Child Seat, Snowberry Foonf is Clek's no-compromise convertible child seat introducing revolutionary safety technology, innovative convenience features, and 100% recyclable... $399.99  Recaro Performance RIDE Convertible Car Seat - Slate Rear-facing capacity: 5-40 lbs Forward-facing capacity: 20-70 lbs Height capacity: 50 inches Dimensions: 27 to 29 H x 19 W x 11 D Introducing the RECA... $249.99  The First Years True Fit Convertible C680 Car Seat Y600 Color: Plaid Gray Color: Plaid Gray The First Years Y600 The First Years launches an new convertible car seat, the True Fit SI. (model C680). The SI has all the featur... $185.79  Clek Foonf Convertible Child Seat, Dragonfly Foonf is Clek's no-compromise convertible child seat introducing revolutionary safety technology, innovative convenience features, and 100% recyclable... $399.99  Recaro Performance Ride Convertible Car Seat - Sapphire Recaro takes their four decades of racing seat safety and applies that technology into the side-impact protection of the Performance Ride Car Seat. Th... $300.00  Safety 1st - Complete Air Convertible Car Seat, O2 Set of 2 The Safety 1st Complete Air Convertible Car Seat, O2, provides your child with a great ride. Its safety features as well as the comfort ensures you ba... $298.96  Simpson Tyler Convertible Child Car Safety Seat New Simpson Tyler Convertible Child Car Safety Seat (Speedway Part #63094000) Condition: New | Part Brand:Simpson | Manufacturer Part #94000 Sold Indi... $229.99  Clek Foonf Convertible Child Seat, Dragonfly Foonf is Clek's no-compromise convertible child seat introducing revolutionary safety technology, innovative convenience features, and 100% recyclable... $379.00  The First Years True Fit Convertible C680 Car Seat Y600 Color: Pop of Teal Color: Pop of Teal The First Years Y600 The First Years launches an new convertible car seat, the True Fit SI. (model C680). The SI has all the featu... $185.79  Kiddy USA World Plus Convertible Car Seat - Walnut Shop for Car Seats from Cribs.com! Demanding safety and comfort for your child shouldn't mean you have to sacrifice style; and with the Kiddy USA Worl... $299.99  Britax Pavilion Convertible 70-G3 Car Seat E9LK3 Color: Onyx Color: Onyx Britax E9LK3 The Britax Pavilion 70-G3 convertible car seat accommodates children rear facing from 5 to 40 pounds and forward facing from... $253.74  Kiddy USA World Plus Convertible Car Seat - Walnut Shop for Car Seats from Cribs.com! Demanding safety and comfort for your child shouldn't mean you have to sacrifice style; and with the Kiddy USA Worl... $299.99  RECARO Euro Convertible Seat, Dakota The Euro Convertible Car Seat is appropriate for children weighing between 5 and 35 pounds rear-facing or 20 to 70 pounds forward-facing. It features ... $195.48 See all 876 related deals!  Ads by Google Britax at Kohls速 Save on Brands for Baby  More. Shop Now: $50 Orders Ship Free! www.kohls.com/Britax Convertible Car Seats Shop Convertible Car Seats - Long Lasting Infant-to-Toddlers Seats ! www.giggle.com/ CarSeats ')" onmouseout="cs()" onclick="ga(this,event)" target="_blank">  BabiesRUs速 Car Seats Car Seats - Lowest Price Guarantee! Visit Our Stores  Well Match It. www.babiesrus.com/ CarSeats   About Epinions Help Member Center Site Rules User Agreement Privacy Policy Site Index Topic Index Advertising Copyright  1999-2013 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved | Trademark Notice | Follow us on Facebook Google+1 Twitter StumbleUpon Active DAL host: 