 Alliance Media Arts and Entertainment Design High School Home About Us Principal's Message Mission, Vision  Values School Report Card Staff Directory Directions Photo Album Links Academics Departments Teachers/ Staff Counseling Graduation Requirements College Resources Students Bell Schedule Student Handbook Clubs & Activities Parents School Calendar Contact Teachers Parent Involvement Contact Us Study up for the CSTs and AP tests! These last weeks of school are going to go by fast. Stay focused and on track to succeed! Quick Links Departments Teachers/Staff Photo Album Alliance Highlights Upcoming Events Summer Session Starts Date: 6/11/2013 Last Day of School Date: 6/7/2013 Location: All Locations Open House – Whittier site Date: 5/30/2013 Location: Whittier site No School - Memorial Day Date: 5/27/2013 Time: 9:00 AM  10:00 AM Location: All Locations Show Calendar  Show All  Bulletin Board Parent & Student Handbook Show All  Important Links IMPORTANT NOTICE: Once you click on any one of the following links, you will leave this website. Please note that we are not responsible for any content posted on these websites or the design of these websites. Alliance for College-Ready Public Schools Contact Webmaster School Application Show All   Principal's Message Thank you for your interest in Media Arts and Entertainment Design Academy High School. We are very proud to be an Alliance for College-Ready Public Charter School. We believe that we share a partnership with our families, students and faculty in the pursuit of excellence in education. We share a common dream to all of our students graduate from a college that will open the door to a wonderful life. Our highly qualified faculty and staff establish strong relationships with families and students that result into a highly successful learning community. Our school community emphasizes good values, character building, ethics and individual responsibility for each other. Rigorous and relevant teaching and learning are the result of our standards-based instruction and genuine care in meeting the needs of our high school students. Our primary goal is to prepare students for success in college or a four year university. Our theme of media arts and entertainment design promotes students interests and talents in the technology and art of the media field and develops their understanding and skills in entertainment design. Through media arts and design, students will discover their talents, define their place in the world and determine how they can make a difference in the local and world community. They are challenged to apply their skills and talents through digital photography, film, animation, web design, broadcasting, music and graphic design, within the context of making a difference in anothers life. Students will learn to apply media arts and design within basic entertainment industry models. Student products will be guided and critiqued by experts who have gone to college and had successful careers. Our goal in presenting you with this information on this website is to keep our community, and the public in general, well informed. In light of that goal, we desire to keep the lines of communication open and welcome any suggestions, comments, or questions you may have. It is the opinion of the district, myself in particular, that a well informed public is vital in continuing to advance in an ever-evolving world. Thank you for helping Media Arts and Entertainment Design Academy evolve with the times and maintain flexibility in this and future generations. Principal John Fox Read More » News and Announcements Congratulations Class of 2013!!! 99% of our Senior class are on their way to further their education! We are so proud of each and everyone of them. New school site pictures from April 26 Dr. Fox shared a couple of pictures with us from the site. Show All   © Copyright Alliance Media Arts and Entertainment Design High School 5156 Whittier Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90022 • Phone: (323) 873-4046 Alliance Public Schools 