 Welcome to the Cincinnati Ohio Arts and Entertainment Guide! - where ZIPmouse provides the most relevant information and links to Cincinnati theaters, museums, and other arts and entertainment alternatives in an efficient web directory format. Cincinnati City Guide Brought To You By: ZIP to Topic... Art Galleries Ballet  Dance Children's Theater Community  City-wide Events Concert Venues Movie Theaters Symphony Theaters  Shows More Some Link / ZIPmouse Directory / Cincinnati, OH / Arts  Entertainment /  AMC Theatres ArtWorks Carl Solway Gallery Carnegie Ctr Columbia Tusculum CCM - Musical Theatre Program CCM - Orchestra Children's Theatre Inc Cincinnati Art Galleries Cincinnati Art Museum Cincinnati Arts Association Cincinnati Black Theatre Co Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra Cincinnati Flying Pig Marathon Cincinnati May Festival Cincinnati Music Theatre Cincinnati Opera Assn Cincinnati Playhouse-The Park Cincinnati Shakespeare Festival Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra Cincinnatti Ballet Contemporary Arts Center DAAP Galleries at the University of Cincinnati Ensemble Theatre of Cincinnati Fitton Center for Creative Arts Friends Of The Groom Drama Grp Kennedy Heights Arts Kentucky Symphony Orchestra Kincaid Regional Theatre Co Know Theatre LA Comedia Dinner Theatre Learning Through Art Madcap Puppets Mason Dance Ctr Muse Cincinnati Women's Choir Oktoberfest-Zinzinnati Pendleton Art Ctr-Rising Sun Riverbend Music Center Robert D. Lindner Family OMNIMAX Theatre Shadowbox Cabaret Showcase Cinemas Step-N-Out Dance Studio Studio Vertu Summerfair Taft Museum of Art Taft Theatre The Carnegie Visual Performing Arts Center Northern Kentucky The Esquire Theatre Tiffany Art Glass Gallery U.S. Bank Arena Weston Art Gallery   Web Directory Home ZIPmouse Site Index City Guide Site Map Cincinnati Ohio City Guide Map Feedback  2006 ZIPmouse Advertise Here AMC Theatres Large - 20 screen - first run movie house located at Newport on the Levee just across the river from downtown Cincinnati. ArtWorks The ArtWorks Time Warner Cable Gallery breaks the boundaries oftraditional galleries by showcasing art of young and emerging talentwhose works range from fun and funky to provocative and profound. Carl Solway Gallery Large gallery featuring works by many well-known artists. Carnegie Ctr Columbia Tusculum The Carnegie Center Galleryhosts exhibits from individual artists and non profit organizations, aswell as producing original exhibits from time to time such as 2004exhibits, "Celebrating the Blues", partially supported by a grant fromSummerfair, and "Imagine Cincinnati" supported by the Fine Arts Fund,the Columbia Tusculum Community Council and The Carnegie Center. CCM - Musical Theatre Program One of the nation's premieretheatre and musical theatre programs stages a complete season oftheatre, cast from their undergraduate and graduate students in theCollege Conservatory. CCM - Orchestra The Philharmonia Orchestra is CCM's premierorchestral ensemble and is recognized as one of the world's eliteconservatory orchestras. Conducted by Xian Zhang, the Concert orchestrais comprised of largely undergraduate orchestra students. They have theopportunity to perform with the Mainstage Series, the Opera Orchestraand also present full-scale concerts. Children's Theatre Inc We introduce young audiences in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana to theperforming arts through professional, fully-staged productions thatappeal to parents and educators while teaching morals and values. Eachseason, we present three one-hour children's productions aimed atchildren ages 4 and up. Weekday performances are held for local schoolstudents, while weekend shows are for the public. Cincinnati Art Galleries Our paintings gallery features acontinually changing display of 19th and 20th Century American andEuropean Paintings. In addition, their second gallery has rotatingworks by various artists in art glass and pottery. Cincinnati Art Museum General admission to this well-knownmuseum is free. With a large permanent collection and several travelingexhibitions, it also offers an extensive outreach and educationprogram. Cincinnati Arts Association This organization programs MusicHall, the Aronoff Center and the Weston Art Gallery. Sponsoring theBroadway Series and many other popular events in Cincinnati, they workwith almost all of the Cincinnati arts orgs. Cincinnati Black Theatre Co The Cincinnati Black TheatreCompany (CBTC) is a non-profit organization that includes: professionalleaders, educators, and visual artists from various racial and culturalbackgrounds. CBTC is committed to providing positive culturalinteraction within our city. Cincinnati Chamber Orchestra Cincinnati's chamber orchestra for over 31 years. This group offers an entire season of classical chamber music. Cincinnati Flying Pig Marathon This city wide event - TheCincinnati Flying Pig Marathon has made a mark being the third-largestfirst-time marathon in the country. Welcoming athletes of all runningabilities, this is a race where you can find personal reward. Cincinnati May Festival For two weekends in May, everything in Cincinnati revolves aroundclassical music and the 133-year old Cincinnati May Festival, theoldest continuous choral music festival in the Western Hemisphere. Cincinnati Music Theatre Producing and encouraging outstandin musical theatre in and with theCincinnati community, they produce a whole season of musical theatrewith auditions open to anyone. Cincinnati Opera Assn Performing large scale operas on the stage at Music Hall, this Opera Company has received acclaim since 1920. Cincinnati Playhouse-The Park The Cincinnati Playhouse in thePark is a professional regional theatre committed to producing andpresenting for diverse audiences the broadest range of theatre in aninviting theatrical environment. Our mission is accomplished throughworks of the highest caliber produced on stage in a fiscallyresponsible manner, and through stimulating educational and outreachprograms. Cincinnati Shakespeare Festival The Cincinnati ShakespeareFestival is a resident ensemble theatre bringing Shakespeare and theClassics to life for audiences of all ages. Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra This symphony and pops orchestraperforms year round at Riverbend in the summer and Music Hall in thewinter. In addition they offer many outreach activities. Cincinnatti Ballet Rich with history, Cincinnati Balletcontinues to thrill audiences with unparalleled performances. TheCompany is a major part of Cincinnati's growing metropolis. Fromexcellence on stage to outreach in local schools and community,Cincinnati Ballet takes pride in the fact that it is an integral partof the culture of the city. Contemporary Arts Center For more than 65 years, theContemporary Arts Center (CAC) has been a forum for progressive art andideas serving the city of Cincinnati and the region. DAAP Galleries at the University of Cincinnati Galleries at UC display the permanent collection of the University and host a number of touring exhibitions. Ensemble Theatre of Cincinnati The Ensemble Theatre ofCincinnati is an exciting home to Regional, World and Off-Broadwaypremiere productions. Ensemble Theatre is a professional Equity Theatrededicated to the production and development of new works and works newto the region. Fitton Center for Creative Arts This art center offers galleries, activities and educational programs in addtition to a large outreach program. Friends Of The Groom Drama Grp We're a Christian Theater Group that tries to bring the truth of the Gospel of Jesus Christ alive through drama and comedy. Kennedy Heights Arts Created as a public resource for the creation of art. Offering classes,outreach and exhibitions in their galleries this is a community artgem. Kentucky Symphony Orchestra Offering Northern Kentucky and Cincinnati residents a symphony experience in a relaxed atmosphere at an affordable price. Kincaid Regional Theatre Co Northern Kentucky's Professional Theatre providing the finest in musical and comedy entertainment for the whole family. Know Theatre Cincinnati's multicultural and contemporary theatre company. LA Comedia Dinner Theatre Featuring six Broadway-style shows ayear, along with our famous mouth-watering buffet, La Comedia has beensouthwest Ohio's greatest entertainment value for thirty years! Learning Through Art Learning Through Art, Inc. is dedicated toproviding quality diverse performing arts educational programspromoting integrated arts, supporting education and encouragingmulti-cultural awareness and understanding. Madcap Puppets Performing regularly at the Cincinnati Museum and Mason Community Center, this group can also be booked for private events. Mason Dance Ctr Established in 1995, Mason Dance Center provides an opportunity foranyone, ages 3 through adult, to discover the joys of dance. Whetherdancing just for the fun of it or training with a career in dance inmind, we do our best to help all our students reach their goals andtheir full potential. Muse Cincinnati Women's Choir MUSE is a women's choir dedicatedto musical excellence and social change. In keeping with our beliefthat diversity is strength, we are feminist women of varied ages,races, and ethnicities with a range of musical abilities, politicalinterests, and life experiences. Oktoberfest-Zinzinnati Oktoberfest-Zinzinnati showcases therich German heritage of Southwestern Ohio, as well as tasty samples ofGerman-style music, food and beer. First held in 1976, the event hasgrown to be North America's largest Oktoberfest with over 500,000people attending each year. Pendleton Art Ctr-Rising Sun The largest collection of artists under one roof. Studios and gallery space all under one roof. Riverbend Music Center Riverbend is one of Cincinnati's premiere outdoor music venues with both indoor and outdoor seating. Robert D. Lindner Family OMNIMAX Theatre Cincinnati MuseumCenter's OMNIMAX Theater contains a five-story, 72-foot-diameter,tilted, domed screen and a powerful, 6-channel digital sound system.Movies are shown several times daily. Shadowbox Cabaret This sketch comedy and rockroll chain has a venue in Newport just outside of Cincinnati, on the river. Showcase Cinemas Large first run movie house with seven locations in the Cincinnati area. Step-N-Out Dance Studio Step-n-Out is an independently owneddance studio located in historic Covington, Kentucky. Step-n-Out hasbeen in operation for almost nine years, specializing in DANCESPORT,LATIN, TANGO, WEST COAST SWING, LINDY HOP, BALLROOM and more.… groupdancing events held regularly. Studio Vertu Studio Vertu's success story began ten years agowhen owner, Mark Schmidt, developed the concept of the LightweightFresco Tile. Promoting the product as an alternative to permanentlymounted marble tiles or hand-painted mural, Mark captured the attentionof The National Football League Headquarters in New York City. Thisproject continues to be Studio Vertu's single largest installation. Summerfair Summerfair features 300 artists from the US and Canada with 5 stages of live entertainment, food and fun for all ages. Taft Museum of Art The Taft Museum of Art is known as one ofthe finest small art museums in America. A National Historic Landmarkbuilt in about 1820, the Taft is home to nearly 700 works of art,including European and American master paintings; Chinese porcelains;and European decorative arts. Taft Theatre The Taft Theatre features musicians, comedians,childrens' shows and theatre producations. Handicapped seating isavailable, as well as hearing enhancement devices. The Carnegie Visual Performing Arts Center Northern Kentucky TheCarnegie Visual  Performing Arts Center is a multidisciplinaryarts venue for all ages and provides events, educational programs, andart exhibitions to the community. With five art galleries, amagnificent turn-of-the-century theater, and a brand new educationcenter, the Carnegie is one of the most prominent arts institutions inNorthern Kentucky. The Esquire Theatre Movie theatre in downtown Cincinnati offering everything from mainstream to foreign films. Tiffany Art Glass Gallery Our gallery was awarded "Best ofCincinnati" by Cincinnati Magazine in 2001 and 2002 and the "Best ofOhio" by Ohio Magazine in 2003 for good reason. You'll not only find anexclusive line of Tiffany lamps, candles, stained glass, and paintings,but you'll also receive professional instruction on all types of glassart. U.S. Bank Arena Cincinnati's largest arena, over the years, many great performers have visited U.S. Bank Arena to entertain Cincinnati. Weston Art Gallery The Weston, located in the Aronoff Center,is dedicated to the promotion of local and regional artists. It hasbeen recognized for its innovative programming.  