 Car Buying Car Repair Car Parts Carculature Top Fives Auto Loans WheelScene  »  Car Drivers  »  Auto Careers Auto Careers Working in the automotive industry If you love everything that has to do with cars, then your dream job could be in the automotive industry . The automotive world is an exciting yet demanding place to work because it's always changing and evolving. What may be popular and in-demand one week might not be popular the next. That's why it's important to stay flexible when working in this field. Advertiser Links for auto careers [ what's this? ] Auto Careers Find Automotive Jobs Online at the Largest job site. Apply online now! CareerBuilder.com/AutomotiveJobs New Year, New Career Train To Be A Marine Mechanic Technician at UTI. Enroll Now! www.UTI.edu Auto Careers Search Automotive Career Opportunities Near You. iHireAutomotiveProfessionals.com The good news is you have a ton of options when it comes to finding an automotive job . You can work as a salesman at a car dealership, work under the hoods of cars as a mechanic or work behind the wheel of a vehicle as a truck driver. The possibilities are endless. Take a look at some of the most popular auto careers: Automotive The automotive industry is very competitive, especially when it comes to finding a job. However, with a little research and the proper skills and educational background, you should be able to find your dream automotive job. The great thing about the automotive industry is that if offers a wide variety of job opportunities . If you enjoy working with your hands, you can get into mechanical repair, parts and maintenance. If you prefer to work with people then you'll enjoy going into automotive retail or wholesale. Furthermore, if you're a true car fanatic, auto detailing and customization may be your perfect job. Whichever path you choose to follow, don't give up! With perseverance and dedication, landing that dream job can become a reality. Trucking Have you ever thought of becoming a truck driver? Truck driving is becoming an increasingly popular and respected profession in America. Truck drivers get to work under minimal supervision, travel the open road and make lots of money. If you're truly dedicated, you can even run your own trucking company and be your own boss. The more hours you log, the more money you'll make. Thus, the most dedicated drivers are the ones who are swimming in cash. There are basically three types of trucking jobs that you can choose from: long haul, local and independent operators. Truck drivers will always be in demand so they will always be able to find work. The only downside is spending long hours on the road alone. A Bright Future Even though people are buying fewer vehicles lately, there will always be jobs in the automotive industry. The only difference is the types of jobs will be changing. People are moving toward smaller, fuel-efficient vehicles and away from trucks and sports cars. Therefore, the expertise needed to sell, build and repair vehicles will also be changing. If you want to work in the automotive industry you must be willing and able to learn new things and adapt to new technologies.  Add your comments: Enter the code (case sensitive) Read Comments 4X4 Offroad AAA Alternative Fuel Sources Auto Careers Auto Industry Auto Jobs Trucking Jobs Auto Drivers Auto Insurance Boat Trailer Car Accidents Car Collector Car Donations Car Driving Car Hire Car Organizer Car Seat Car Shows Car TV Shows Cars and the Environment Cheap Car Insurance Classic Car Insurance Convertible Safety Custom Motorcycle Defensive Driving Driver Education Driving Driving Directions Driving Enthusiasts Driving Road Trips Driving Safari Vacation Driving Vacations Drunk Driving Family Vacation Formula 1 Racing Gas Prices Motorcycle Apparel Motorcycle Gloves Motorcycle Insurance Motorcycle Racing Motorcycles Motorsports Moving Vans NASCAR Online Car Insurance Quit Smoking Racing School Recreational Vehicles Reducing Emissions Road Trip Planning Road Trip Vehicles Road Trips Save Money on Gas Scooter Motorcycle Selling Cars Online Shop for Car Insurance Traffic Ticket Young Drivers' Insurance Copyright  2013 | About Us | Contact Us | Link to Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Resources | Sitemap 