   Home Celebrity news Celebrity news Latest issue Fashion news Beauty news Hair news Celebrity A - Z Now says TV News Video news Horoscopes Pictures Celebrity spy pics Celebrity news pics Red carpet pics Funny pics Fashion news pics Star style pics Celebrity hair pics TV news pics Beauty news pics Gallery specials pics Fashion Fashion news Star style pictures Red carpet pictures Shop Sex  the style editor Style stalker Beauty Beauty news Star style pictures Celebrity beauty secrets Beauty videos Shop Beauty buzz Blogs Now says TV addict Style stalker Sex  the style editor Win Prize draws Instant wins Feelgood games Competition winners Hair Celebrity hair Search:  Cheryl Coles tattoo history: From her old ink to her new designs We look at the Girls Aloud singers tattoo transformation SPOTTED: New celebrity pictures of all the stars See the latest snaps of One Direction, Selena Gomez and Perez Hilton Star Trends: New celebrity fashion looks We check out whos been wearing what 23 - 27 August 2013 Star Trends: New celebrity fashion looks We check out whos been wearing what - 22 August 2013 Meet the new Celebrity Big Brother contestants 2013 See whos appearing on the show this series... New looks we love - the outfits that rocked So hot right now, celebrity fashion hits Celebrity fashion disasters - the outfits that shocked A look at the stars who made bad style choices this week... Celebrity hair - cuts, colours and sexy up-dos A look at all the latest celebrity hairstyles this week... TOWIE hunk Mario Falcone strips off in sexy naked shoot The Only Way Is Essexs Italian Stallion shows us what hes made of SPOTTED: New celebrity pictures of all the stars See the latest snaps of Helen Flanagan, Leonardo DiCaprio and Lady Gaga One Direction wow US fans in New York days after London premiere of 1D movie This Is Us Lads rock out on The Today Show Shoe Lust: Top 10 celebrity shoes - the latest styles A look at all the new heels this week... Get Now Magazine on your tablet and mobile Four issues for just £4.99 Get your Now Magazine iPad Edition Calling all Apple owners! Now Magazine iPad Edition has arrived. This weeks Now magazine is the shops Tuesday! Nearly naked Miley Cyrus dances to Blurred Lines with Robin Thicke at MTV VMAs Stars hit the red carpet for the annual ceremony in LA  Celebrity news  blogs Great British Bake Off's Mary Berry: I hate Gordon Ramsay's shows and Jamie Oliver used to be irritating and bumptious VIDEO Louis Tomlinson: Lady Gaga is a f*cking legend for supporting us after boos at VMAs Why Will Smith and his family WEREN'T shocked by Miley Cyrus's gross MTV VMAs performance Fashion news Celebrity hair  Star Trends: New celebrity fashion looks Shoe Lust: Top 10 celebrity shoes - the latest styles Kesha: Harry Styles' hair smells like roses and butterflies - he's a beautiful thing Celebrity hair - cuts, colours and sexy up-dos Beauty news EXCLUSIVE Blurred Lines model Emily Ratajkowski reveals her favourite body part - and it's not what you think... Guess which feature Blurred Lines beauty Emily Ratajkowski loves most? Kelly Brook shows off boobs in sexy bikini and tight spacesuit for hot Lynx advert The model lets Danny Cipriani see what he's missing TOWIE's Lucy Mecklenburgh admits: I started fake tanning when I was 12 years old Reality star has always liked to look bronzed Lauren Goodger: My bronzer's £2 from Romford market Reality star talks tanning Cheryl Cole: Tre Holloway puts my £100 Creme de la Mer face cream on his ankles Cheryl's boyfriend uses her beauty products TV addict Abz Love from 5ive WILL win Celebrity Big Brother 2013! Yay, the rumours are true - Abz has gone into the house. And I think he'll be the winner Why I NEED teen bride Courtney Stodden to go on Celebrity Big Brother I'm a teeny bit obsessed with Courtney - this is my favourite rumour yet One Direction fans, please! You don't need to gouge anyone's eyeballs out or kills dolphins! Crazy About One Direction on Channel 4 was just that - an insight into the mad world of the super fan. Be warned, Directioners are SCARY! Downton Abbey is back and it promises love and death - and sexy new men Now went along to the Downton press day yesterday and got a sneak peek of the new series... Rejoice! Abs from Five is rumoured to have signed up for the new series of Celebrity Big Brother I am over the moon - he was the best thing ever on The Big Reunion and I know he'll win CBB if he's in the house Now TV See more videos Video player By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. Follow @Nowmag  Free Newsletter Get your celebrity gossip alert  So hot right now OMG! Cheryl Cole shows off tattoo of English roses all over her bum in sexy pink thong Harry Styles: I expect Taylor Swift to write songs about me - at least she's a great songwriter! The secret of how Blurred Lines model Emily Ratajkowski keeps a body so amazing girls are prepared to go lesbian Aw! Liam Payne's ex Danielle Peazer tells Eleanor Calder she looked 'so pretty' at One Direction premiere Competitions Win A Bundle Of Ten Minute Solution & Tracy Anderson DVDs & Shape Up For Summer Summer is fast approaching and its time to get that hot bikini body in as little time as possible with the UKs number one fitness brand 10 Minute Solution and Tracy Anderson. Enter Grab your copy of the latest Teen Now FREE! One Direction This Is Us CD for every reader Brand advice Behind the scenes with Curvissa Big Beautiful Brides-to-be Slim Down in New Competition What to wear this summer? Your Wardrobe Wish List Sorted More  Search:  Celebrity news TV news Teen now Celebrity A - Z Now says TV addict Beauty  hair Celebrity hair Beauty news Beauty tips Beauty best buys Celebrity beauty secrets Beauty buzz Fashion Fashion news Fashion best buys Fashion hot trends Get the look Sex and the style editor Style stalker Shop Pictures Celebrity spy Gallery specials Star style Red carpet Funnies Competitions Enter Winners Contact us Work experience This week's issue of Now Back issues of Now Subscribe to Now magazine Newsletter Archive iPad Editions Now Magazine iPad Edition Now Magazine iPad Edition International Now Magazine iPad Edition North America Other Horoscopes Videos Blogs RSS feeds Celebrity news Blogs Fashion news Beauty news Celebrity hair news Our associated sites: Good To Know Look Marie Claire Instyle Feelgood games: Puzzles Card Games Jigsaws Word Games Bejeweled 2 Mahjong Solitaire Terms  conditions Privacy policy Cookie information Advertise with us  Copyright nowmagazine.co.uk 2013 Now Magazine is part of the IPC Media Fashion & Beauty Network [if lt IE 7 ]>  window.attachEvent('onload',function(){CFInstall.check({mode:'overlay'})}) 