    Accessibility links Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help bbc.co.uk navigation News Sport Weather Capital Culture Autos TV Radio More  Search term:  Entertainment  Arts RSS feed Home US  Canada Latin America UK Africa Asia Europe Mid-East Business Health Sci/Environment Tech Entertainment Video  27 August 2013 Last updated at 16:23 ET Cyrus performance draws complaints Miley Cyruss risque performance at the MTV VMAs generates complaints from a parenting pressure group in the US. In pictures: MTV Video Music Awards Timberlake wins big at MTV awards Madonna is highest-earning celebrity Pop star Madonna was the worlds top-earning celebrity over the past year, making an estimated $125m (£80m), according to Forbes magazine.  Miffy books to be updated in UK Childrens favourite Miffy, the cartoon rabbit drawn by Dutch artist Dick Bruna, is being updated in the UK Other Top Stories Memorial for Malevich burial site Russia plans to mark the burial site of the artist Kasimir Malevich, found to be under a new housing development in a Moscow suburb. Grand Theft Auto leak sparks apology Sony apologises to developer Rockstar after audio from the forthcoming game Grand Theft Auto 5 was leaked online. Comedian Mike Winters dies at 82 Hollyoaks train death broke rules Blunkett criticises TV subtitles King speech marked by BBC Radio 4 The Butler stays atop US box office Tickets sales up at Edinburgh Fringe Biffy Clyro close Reading Festival Newsbeat Also in the news British Bake Off gets the chills John Lennon tie sells for £3,000 Arts  culture Museum Whistler bid awarded £350k A museums bid to buy a collection of material by 20th Century designer Rex Whistler is awarded £350,000. Fans save Brighton Philharmonic Broadway star Julie Harris dies Film Star Wars cinematographer dies at 99 Gilbert Taylor, the veteran British cinematographer of Star Wars, The Omen and Dr Strangelove, dies aged 99. Affleck is Batman in Superman film Cantona to head film festival jury Music Singer Ronstadt has Parkinsons US singer Linda Ronstadt says she has been diagnosed with Parkinsons disease and is no longer able to sing. Eminem headlines Reading Festival American wins air guitar contest TV  radio BBC plans bonfire of bureaucracy BBC director general Tony Hall says he will light a bonfire of the boards at the corporation, in an attempt to cut bureaucracy and stimulate creativity. ITV wins Channel of the Year Spacey: TV audiences want to binge From BBC Culture A song that made America believe A gospel classic’s moment in history Eight films to watch at Venice Documentaries, sci-fi and art house  Watch/Listen Disabled people dance the tango Watch 02:50 Inside Serbias dormant museums Watch 04:30 Fearless play on sexual violence Watch 02:16 1D not bad to look at - Selena Gomez Watch 00:53 Meet Germaican German reggae stars Watch 02:14 Richard Pryor: Courageous  crazy Watch 01:50 Murals spread Kings dream across US Watch 02:46 Christie wins Fringe comedy award Watch 02:50 Features  analysis Gathering dust Closed galleries blight Serbias artistic life Music soup chef Watch The MIT professor who crowdsourced a symphony Home is what you make it New play shines light on Londons homeless Comedy value Are performers being priced out of Edinburgh Fringe? Wholly Batman! The eight actors to play the Caped Crusader on film Pain and laughter The demons that drove legendary stand-up Richard Pryor Madras Cafe Bollywood film stirs up a storm of controversy About Time Richard Curtis returns to the big screen with a lesson in life Kermode Uncut Why The Lone Ranger falls foul of my blockbuster rules The Big Picture Reveal picture Quote of the Day  Give people what they want, when they want it, in the form they want it in, at a reasonable price, and they'll more likely pay for it rather than steal it  Kevin Spacey offers some advice to TV executives about keeping audiences happy Elsewhere on the BBC Living with lava Why some Hawaiian residents choose life in the shadow of a volcano  Most popular From Entertainment and Arts in the last week Monday: Timberlake wins big at MTV awards Sunday: The demons that drove Richard Pryor Saturday: Affleck is Batman in Superman film Friday: Affleck is Batman in Superman film Thursday: Collins to leave Coronation Street Programmes Talking Movies Watch Oprah Winfrey and Forrest Whittaker on their roles in the new movie - The Butler Talking Books Watch British novelist and playwright Hanif Kureishi discusses his writing with Razia Iqbal The Forum Listen With Margaret Hamburg, Thomas Frieden and Anthony Coles.  Services Mobile Connected TV News feeds Alerts E-mail news About BBC News Editors' blog BBC College of Journalism News sources Media Action Editorial Guidelines  BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC  Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help  Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC  Parental Guidance BBC  2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. SiteCatalyst code version: H.21. Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights Reserved More info available at http://www.omniture.com   