  Economy Compact  Intermediate Standard Fullsize Convertible Premium  Luxury  Truck  Cargo Van Minivan Fullsize Van SUV Premium Sports Luxury John Wayne Airport, Orange County California Car Rent  San Diego Airport, San Diego California  Ontario California International Airport, San Bernardino County Orange County (888) 660-0101 |San Diego (855) 313-9431| Ontario (866) 609-0550   U nited Auto Rental, Inc. is a low-cost alternative for all your Auto / Car , Van , Minivan , SUV and Convertible for rent in Orange County California and conveniently located by John Wayne Airport (SNA), San Diego Airport (SAN)as well as Ontario International Airport (ONT). W e carry a wide selection, with optional GPS Navigation Systems , in a variety of sizes and categories. Whether you are looking for a basic economical transportation to get around town such as a compact , minivan , truck or need a luxurious vehicle  for that special occasion (or not), an SUV , or just need something roomy and comfortable , such as a fullsize van , cargo van , we have the vehicle to meet your needs. Be sure to check out the Jaguar and Mercedes Benz models and, of course, our Sports Coupe , Convertible or Luxury . W e offer complimentary pick-up and drop-off ,free shuttle to Orange County Airport / John Wayne Airport, prompt and professional service with a smile. A t United Auto Rental, Inc. you will never have to wait in long lines or walk long ways just to get your car rental; we will have your rental vehicle parked right up front for you by the time your rental agreement is processed. O ur auto rental policies are far more flexible than those of most other auto rental agencies; - We accept Cash Deposits in lieu of credit cards. - We rent to drivers under 25 years of age. (minimum age is 21) - We accept International Driving Permits. - We direct bill to Insurance Companies and third Parties. - We Offer a complete line of Collision, Liability and personal Insurance Packages for your Security and peace of mind. Check out our low prices and quality vehicles Orange  County's Choice for Auto, Van  SUV Rentals John Wayne/Orange County (888) 660-0101 (toll free) 4500 Campus Drive #300 Newport Beach, CA 92660 San Diego Airport (855) 313-9431 (toll free) 1516 W Redwood Street San Diego, CA 92101 Ontario International Airport (866) 609-0550 (toll free) 4425 E. Airport Dr #101 Ontario, CA 91761 Free  shuttle to John Wayne / Orange County Airport and local area Here are some returning United Auto Rental customers' comments regarding our Car, Van, Truck  SUV rentals. Igor - "We have rented cars from your company for more than 6 years by now and we are very satisfied with your service." Lilo of Portland Oregon - "I have used your company before and was very happy, want to use it again next month when I arrive at John Wayne Airport. I have no definite dates yet, but it'll be mid month. thanx, Lilo" David of Livermore California - "I have rented a Suburban from your Ontario location in February and the service and vehicle were both great." Jered T. Ede - " I just had a car rental with you this past week and I just wanted to thank you. You offered excellent service at a great price, and your policy of not charging an extra fee for drivers under 25 is extremely appreciated. My week in California was made infinitely more enjoyable because of your service! Thanks!" Natalya of Rockville, Maryland - "I am your happy returning customer for six years. Looking forward to renting a car from you again" Susan Hansford of Palm Beach, Florida - "I have rented from you before and enjoyed your courteous service!" Kathryn of Jacksonville Florida - "I am a repeat customer! Had a great experience last year!" Norma of Irvine California - "I rented from you last year and was very satisfied with the service" Home - Fleet  Rates - Map Directions - Contact Us - Reservation Request - Rental Policies Member of The Better Business Bureau Reciprocal Links Exchange Auto car rental including Vans, SUV 's, Convertibles,Truck Ford F-250 ,Chrysler 300 Jaguar, PT Cruiser, Mercedes Benz, Compact and Economy rentals Chevy Cavalier, Ford Explorer, 12 and 15 Passenger Van. Cargo Van - Near John Wayne AirportCar Rental Orange County, San Diego Airport, Ontario AirportCalifornia gps navigation system california 