 Surprise Yourself Current Students Parents Faculty and Staff Alumni Visitors Information For E-town Home Elizabethtown College Fine and Performing Arts APPLY VISIT A-Z DIRECTORY MAP LIBRARY  Fine and Performing Arts Division Websites Music Theatre and Dance Fine Arts Fine and Performing Arts Catalog Catalog information for the Fine and Performing Arts. We're on Facebook! Stay up to date with the Department of Fine and Performing Arts -- Music, Theatre/Dance and Fine Arts -- on Facebook. View Cultural Events The arts are alive at E-town. Check out the exciting events happening this semester. Home Departments fapa Fine and Performing Arts View our Cultural Events Calendar Students at Elizabethtown College enjoy the opportunity to perform in five major ensembles, engage multiple theatrical and dance productions, and present their art work in three separate gallery spaces. In addition, we pride ourselves on personal attention each student receives throughout his or her studies whether as a major, a minor, or a student seeking to continue their artistic training while pursuing another area of academic inquiry. Elizabethtown College is also a vibrant part of the regional arts and culture scene, offering a variety of music, theatre and dance performances that are open to the public, usually free of charge. In addition to courses in each of these areas, it offers courses in Dance and has a Preparatory Music Division that offers instruction to pre-college students, adults and College students who desire to take instruction without credit. Elizabethtown College is an accredited institutional member of the National Association of Schools of Music . The Department of Fine and Performing Arts consists of three divisions: Music, Theatre  Dance, and Fine Arts. Each of our divisions has a website offering information specific to its discipline: Music Division Fine Arts Division Theatre  Dance Division  YouTown View YouTube Video Elizabethtown College Quick Links Apply Visit Tuition Admissions Departments Offices Centers Majors  Minors Campus Map News  Events Employment Student Consumer High Library Disability Services Alumni Current Students Faculty  Staff Athletics Parents Visitors Connect with E-town College Facebook updates , view pictures, and interact our community. Tweet with Elizabethtown College in 140 characters at a time. Instagram a free, fun photo app for your phone. Flickr photos of campus, students, events, classes and more Discover more ways to connect with us by using our social media directory. Elizabethtown College Elizabethtown College 717.361.1000 One Alpha Drive, Elizabethtown, PA 17022-2290 Employment Contact  Directions  Elizabethtown College 