   HuffPost's QuickRead... Loading... HuffPost's QuickRead... Loading...  Movie Trailers iPhone app iPad app Android phone app Android tablet app More Log in Create Account Notifications Profile Settings  Logout   August 27, 2013  Edition: U.S. CA Canada  FR France  IT Italia  JP  (Japan) MG Maghreb ES Espaa  US United States  UK United Kingdom    FRONT PAGE Politics Rodeo Clown Says He'd Be 'Honored' To Shake Obama's Hand 2.2k This Is What Happens When Lawmakers Declare War On Abortion 21k Air Force Bans Greek Yogurt Flavor Over Anti-Drug Policy 1.1k Pastafarian Wins Battle At The DMV, Wears Colander On Head For License Photo 647 For Obama, World Looks Far Different Than Expected 5.3k Go to Politics More in Politics Pollster Politics Blog Speculatron Off The Bus Election Maps You might also like World Green Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Business Starbucks CEO Takes Firm Obamacare Stance 6.2k 10 Cult Brands So Popular They Don't Need To Advertise 798 Burger King Unveils Weird New Offering 372 Bill Ackman's Costly Defeat Marks End Of An Era For J.C. Penney 435 New Science Explains Why He's So Narcissistic 394 Go to Business More in Business Small Business Money You might also like World Tech Media Arts Sports Weird News Crime Smarter Ideas Media Daily Beast Reportedly On Track To Losing Staggering Amount Of Money 912 Mika: Miley Cyrus 'Disturbing,' 'Disgusting' 3.4k Journalist Goes Topless During Interview To Prove Point 977 Meredith Vieira's New Venture 55 Chris Hayes Admits His Ratings Are 'Bad' 1.8k Go to Media More in Media Eat The Press Calderone: The Backstory You might also like Entertainment TV Comedy Arts Books Religion Moviefone Celebrity Billy Ray Cyrus Reacts To Miley's VMAs Performance 1.2k One Big Miley Cyrus VMA Rumor Totally Debunked 831 Mike Tyson Crashes A Wedding To Everyone's Joy 160 Are Faith Hill And Tim McGraw Headed Toward Divorce? 151 Taylor Swift Tells Harry Styles: 'STFU' 540 Go to Celebrity More in Celebrity Celebrity Kids Celebrity Couples The Kardashians Lady Gaga You might also like Entertainment TV Women Gay Voices Moviefone TV PTC Blasts MTV's VMAs 1.2k The Bravermans Clean Up Nicely Critics Pick The Best New Comedies 16 Temptation Rocks 'The Good Wife' 32 'Breaking Bad' Mash-Up: Where In The World Is The Ricin? 93 Go to TV More in TV TV Replay TV Recaps TV Spoilers Maureen Ryan Maggie Furlong You might also like Celebrity Media Comedy Arts Books Comedy The Onion Saw Miley Cyrus' Future In 2008 306 36 Simpsons GIFs That Teach You Absolutely Nothing About Life 22 Drunk vs. Stoned 144 Maybe The Most Terrifying Prank Ever 43 WATCH: Here Are Really Confused Cats Being Really Adorable 17 Go to Comedy More in Comedy Funny Videos Comedy Club Political Humor Original Video Crossing The Line You might also like Entertainment TV Weird News College Arts Taste PHOTO: Japanese Chain Unveils The Megaburgerpizza 83 12 Cakes So Good They Don't Need Flour The Guilt-Free Big Mac From Chips To Almonds, The Best Breaded Chicken The Best Pickles, In Order 49 Go to Taste More in Taste Recipes Baking Entertaining Healthy Eating Taste Tests Thanksgiving You might also like Food Healthy Living Travel OWN Style PHOTOS: Check Out VMAs Red Carpet Fashion From The 2013 Show 305 Fergie & Prince Andrew To Remarry? 231 PHOTOS: Erin Wasson's 2013 VMAs Dress Is... Wow 323 WATCH: Does This Bra Ad Offend You? 82 Rihanna Flashes Gold Cross Grill At The 2013 VMAs 16 Go to Style More in Style The Beauty Page Fashion Trends Celebrity Style You might also like Home Women Parents Weddings Travel Divorce Post 50 Arts A Different Kind Of Homeless Portrait 58 8 Scantily Clad Reasons To Rethink Masculinity 157 WATCH: The Russian Army Choir Puts Adele's 'Skyfall' To Shame 160 These Women Chose To Live As Men 150 500 Years Of Being Absolutely Obsessed With Witches 151 Go to Arts More in Arts Painting Film Design Photography Theater Architecture You might also like Books New York Los Angeles Books 17 Most Screwed Up Relationships In Books 36 The 'Harry Potter' Character JK Rowling Misses Most 9 Best New Books Out This Week The Book We're Talking About Go to Books More in Books Book Club Libraries In Crisis You might also like Arts Food Education Media Recipes Black Voices Latino Voices Religion LIVE Next LinkedIn: Words From The Wise Next Wedding Etiquette Mistakes Coming Up Eat Your Way To Health & Beauty Coming Up Actress Mischa Barton LIVE Coming Up Kristin Chenoweth Duet Goes Viral Go to HuffPost Live  ALL SECTIONS News Politics World Business Small Business Money Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Entertainment Entertainment Celebrity Comedy Arts & Culture Books TV Life  Style Healthy Living GPS for the Soul Style Home Food Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce Huff/Post 50 Marlo Thomas OWN Tech  Science Tech Science Green TEDWeekends Voices Women Black Voices Latino Voices Voces (en espaĂąol) Gay Voices Religion College Teen Impact Local Chicago DC Denver Detroit Miami New York Los Angeles San Francisco Our Mobile Apps iPhone iPad HuffPost Live iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Moviefone Entertainment For Your Consideration Celebrity TV Political Hollywood Features Hollywood Buzz Videos   Best Movies Of 2012: 'Zero Dark Thirty,' 'Lincoln,' 'The Avengers' & 33 More Posted: 12/07/2012 9:13 am EST |Updated: 12/18/2012 10:40 am EST reddit stumble Best Movies of 2012: "Silver Linings Playbook," "Marvel's The Avengers" "Lincoln," "Beasts of the Southern Wild," "Zero Dark Thirty Get Entertainment Newsletters: Subscribe React: Inspiring Funny Hot Scary Outrageous Amazing Weird Crazy Follow: Video , 2012 Best Movies , Les Miserables , Argo , Best Film Of 2012 Zero Dark Thirty , Best Films 2012 , Best Films Of 2012 , Best Movies 2012 , Best Movies 2012 Zero Dark Thirty , Best Movies Of 2012 , Huffington , Huffington Magazine , Huffmag , Lincoln , Zero Dark Thirty , Entertainment News Want More? Download Our New Weekly Magazine: Huffington. Narrowing down the best movies of 2012 is a more difficult task than you might assume. This year was one of the strongest in recent memory, with well-crafted indies like "Moonrise Kingdom" and "Beasts of the Southern Wild" succeeding alongside major studio films like "Les Miserables," "Argo" and "Lincoln." There wasn't a "J. Edgar" or "War Horse" to be found among the anticipated fall releases, making it nearly impossible to keep a list of best 2012 movies to 10 entries. Which is why HuffPost Entertainment has listed the 30 best movies of 2012 for your reading pleasure. As compiled by Huffington Post executive arts and entertainment editor Michael Hogan, entertainment editor Christopher Rosen and senior writer Mike Ryan, these 30-plus films represent the best of 2012's narrative offerings. (To keep the list at a manageable level, documentaries were left off, but 2012 had its fair share of great ones, including "How to Survive a Plague," "Searching for Sugar Man," "Bully," "Central Park Five," "Side By Side," Knuckleball!" "West of Memphis," "Mea Maxima Culpa," "Detropia" among many others.) Below, find the best films of 2012, ranked from 30 to one. Plus, stick around after the Top 30 for three polarizing wild-card entries that didn't make the official cut, but were beloved by Hogan, Rosen and Ryan for different reasons. This appears in Issue 28 of our weekly iPad magazine, Huffington , in the iTunes App store , available Friday, Dec. 21. Loading Slideshow 30. 'Ruby Sparks' & 'Celeste & Jesse Forever' (TIE) Two actress-scripted, unconventional indie love stories co-starring Chris Messina for the price of one! Ruby Sparks and Celeste  Jesse Forever were released within nine days of each other over the summer, and while both owe a lot to previous films -- Sparks, written by and starring Zoe Kazan, was like the love child of Adaptation and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind; Celeste  Jesse, co-written by and starring Rashida Jones, was like (500) Days of Summer and Scenes from a Marriage -- each was a fresh take on the tired rom-com genre. More like these, please. -- Christopher Rosen 29. 'The Is 40' Someday, we'll look back at this movie and give thanks that Judd Apatow and Leslie Mann had the guts to not only bare the ugly underbelly of their generally blessed and loving marriage but also invite us to laugh at it. For now, though, we're condemned to suffer through critical sniping about west of the 405 privilege (that's Los Angelese for I wish I could afford to live in Brentwood) and the 30 minutes Apatow should have left on the cutting room floor. Can Hollywood's king of comedy help it if Melissa McCarthy, Megan Fox, Charlyne Yi, Jason Segel, John Lithgow, Albert Brooks and Chris O'Dowd iall/i insist on being in his movie? Then there are Mann and Paul Rudd, who portray the ups and downs of contemporary middle-aged marriage with a level of accuracy that's liable to induce PTSD episodes in any parent born between 1962 and '72. -- Michael Hogan 28. 'The Sessions' Having banked boucoup cred with his creepy/terrifying supporting roles in Winter's Bone and Martha Marcy May Marlene, John Hawkes takes on leading-man duties in The Sessions. This being a John Hawkes movie, however, that leading man sleeps in an iron lung. Based on the life of Mark O'Brien, a poet and journalist paralyzed from the neck down by polio, the film follows O'Brien's sexual awakening, at age 38, and subsequent effort to lose his virginity with the help of a sexual surrogate played by a frequently naked Helen Hunt. Along the way, O'Brien shares his hopes and doubts with his priest, the blessedly open-minded Father Brendan (William H. Macy). Given the cuckoo premise, it's amazing how gentle the film turns out to be. -- MH 27. 'Sleepwalk With Me' Comedian Mike Birbiglia based Sleepwalk With Me on his stand-up routine-turned-This American Life episode about his relationship issues and the pesky sleepwalking problem that once caused him to jump through a hotel window. That grim tale aside, Sleepwalk With Me is the funniest movie of the year. -- Mike Ryan 26. 'The Grey' Remember this movie? Yeah, the one where Liam Neeson fights with wolves. Released emway/em back in January -- a month not exactly known for its stellar movie slate -- The Grey surprised audience by emnot/em being a schlocky vehicle for Liam Neeson to fight wolves. Instead, it's a much more surreal, almost-meditation on the human instinct to survive. There were complaints about the ending -- strongspoiler/strong: it never actually showed the human versus wolf fight the trailers teased -- but those of us who had been paying attention to the rest of the movie already knew that a literal fight wasn't the point. -- MR 25. 'The Cabin In The Woods' The Cabin in the Woods -- filmed before Chris Hemsworth became Thor, but released a year after because of financial troubles at MGM -- is the most surprising horror movie to be released in the last decade. Horror would not be the accurate genre to define Cabin, really, but there's never been a movie quite like Cabin before. Now, if the last 58 words look like a filibuster for blurb writing purposes, they very much are. Because even nine months after the film's release, we still wouldn't dare spoil anything about this gem. -- MR 24. 'Magic Mike' This was the Year of Channing Tatum, and Magic Mike was the most Channing Tatum of all Channing Tatum movies. Tatum co-wrote the stripper drama and based it on his own experiences as a dancer. (Of course he did.) Credit to director Steven Soderbergh for bathing the film in dingy yellows (a color that will forever recall Tampa) and getting the most out of Matthew McConaughey. As Dallas, the strip club's emcee, McConaughey is playing McConaughey playing McConaughey. All right, all right, all right. -- CR 23. 'Promised Land' Free from the shackles of Jason Bourne, Matt Damon gets back to his Good Will Hunting roots in Promised Land, a folksy yarn masquerading as a social statement about the dangers of fracking and the decline of America's small towns. Directed by Gus Van Sant and co-written by Damon and co-star John Krasinski (from a story by Dave Eggers, obviously), Promised Land is like Frank Capra by way of How do you like them apples? -- CR 22. 'ParaNorman' & 'Wreck-It Ralph' (TIE) For adults, Wreck-It Ralph and ParaNorman are two of the most interesting animated films of the year, but for different reasons. ParaNorman disguises itself as a children's movie, then unleashes a deeply disturbing and emotional third act; Wreck-It Ralph, with it's sappy-sweet story, is very much a movie for kids, but the movie is littered with so many classic arcade and gaming Easter eggs that ... well, let's just say, if you've forgotten the Contra code, you'll know it again after Wreck-It Ralph. (OK, fine: it's up-up-down-down-left-right-left-right, B, A, Start.) -- MR 21. 'The Impossible' The true story of a Spanish family who gets torn apart by the tsunami that struck Thailand in 2004, The Impossible looks like one of those schmaltzy, triumph-of-the-human-spirit movies that make audiences cry. What sets it apart is that director J.A. Bayona stages the tsunami like Roland Emmerich and the aftermath like Eli Roth -- all on a budget of less than $40 million. Held up by a strong performance by Naomi Watts -- pushed to physical limits in ways that recall James Franco's work in 127 Hours -- The Impossible works because it stays small. It's not about the millions of people displaced by the natural disaster; it's just about a family. -- CR 20. 'Holy Motors' Premiering at the Cannes Film Festival in May to rave reviews, Holy Motors is, well, bizarre. But not bizarre in the sense that it leaves the viewer bewildered as to what just happened. As we see our protagonist, Mr. Oscar (Denis Lavant), chauffeured around Paris acting out elaborate, strange scenes that he calls appointments, we, as a viewer, just accept that this is Mr. Oscar's life. It's a movie better absorbed than analyzed. Not to mention that it's worth watching just for the midway impromptu accordian jam session. Did I mention that this is a bizarre movie? -- MR 19. 'The Perks Of Being A Wallflower' Faithfully evoking the glorious moment in American teenage history when geeks suddenly became cool, Stephen Chbosky's adaptation of his own novel tells the story of Charlie (Logan Lerman), a confused loner who finds acceptance among a group of arty proto-hipsters led by two step-siblings, Patrick (Ezra Miller) and Sam (Emma Watson, in her first major post-Hermione role). Despite the occasional corny miscue -- and Watson's wavering allegiance to her character's American accent -- the film strikes all the right emotional chords, bringing us back to a time when the right song, played in the right person's car, really could change everything. -- MH 18. 'Flight' There's not a lot about Flight that's inherently remarkable: man has an addiction problem, man struggles with addiction problem, man reconciles addiction problem. But! That man happens to be played by Denzel Washington, who gives a driven performance as a commercial airline pilot. And, most important, the first act of the film -- depicting a harrowing plane crash sequence -- will make you think four or five times before booking your next flight. -- MR 17. '21 Jump Street' Channing Tatum's character curses science during 21 Jump Street, but what else could explain how this reboot of an out-dated television series wound up being one of the year's funniest movies? It emwas/em science, along with Tatum's comic timing and puppy dog charm, Jonah Hill's acerbic cockiness and Dave Franco, James' brother, an ambitious stoner for the 21st century. -- CR 16. 'Amour' Michael Haneke's last film, The White Ribbon (2009), traced the roots of the Third Reich by focusing on daily life in a provincial German town in the years before World War I. (Spoiler alert: The kids are proto-Nazis.) His latest, Amour, may show more compassion to its characters, but the upshot is no less grim. Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva play a loving elderly couple whose lives are disrupted by illness and the inevitability of death. Trintignant, Riva and Isabelle Huppert, as their daughter, are in top form, and Haneke approaches the story -- based on a situation that befell his own family -- with oh-so-European seriousness. You may not want to watch, but you won't be able to turn away. -- MH 15. 'Pitch Perfect' There were certainly better movies released in 2012, but none were as aca-perfect as Pitch Perfect. An intoxicating amalgam of Bring It On, Glee and Mean Girls, Pitch Perfect made Rebel Wilson a star, put Bright Lights Bigger City on perma-repeat (just me?) and included emtwo/em stand-up-and-cheer moments: Wilson's rendition of Turn the Beat Around and the rousing, John Hughesian finale. -- CR 14. 'The Dark Knight Rises' & 'The Hunger Games (TIE) When blockbusters get serious. Both Gary Ross and Christopher Nolan proved that not all superhero movies have to be brightly-colored, all-ages romps like Marvel's The Avengers. The Hunger Games and The Dark Knight Rises were serious endeavors that managed to be entertaining emfilms/em. Thanks to Ross' direction, The Hunger Games was like Terrence Malick-light; Nolan, meanwhile, turned the most superhero-y entry of his Batman trilogy into an epic worthy of those directorial comparisons he gets to David Lean. Also, can Selina Kyle and Katniss Everdeen team up for a spinoff? -- CR 13. 'The Master' For a brief moment in September, after its heavily hyped debut at the Toronto International Film Festival, The Master looked like the film to beat this awards season. Then the public got a chance to weigh in and decided there was no there there: the performances were too weird, the story made no sense, the Scientology stuff wasn't juicy enough. But there are reasons to think that P.T. Anderson's long-anticipated follow-up to There Will Be Blood will enjoy an afterlife as a Vertigo-style critical darling. For one thing, the 70-mm cinematography is drop-dead gorgeous. And the same unconventional storytelling that confused viewers makes this a film of daring originality, one whose unanswered questions -- about kinship, addiction, mind control and fate -- resonate long after its flaws have been forgotten. -- MH 12. 'Life Of Pi' How do you film a bestselling book about a boy and a live tiger stranded on a life boat for 227 days? If you're Ang Lee, you hire an unknown first-time actor, build a giant water tank in Taiwan and order up some ground-breaking CGI effects so you don't have to work with an actual jungle cat. And, for good measure, you shoot the whole thing in 3D. The fact that Life of Pi even exists is a miracle -- 20th Century Fox tried to pull the plug during preproduction, only to be talked out of it by Lee. The fact that it's one of the most moving, visually sumptuous and financially successful movies of the year is a testament to Lee's singular vision and unflappable spirit. -- MH 11. 'Marvel's The Avengers' It's not just that The Avengers was good -- it's remarkable that the movie exists in the first place. First planted in the original Iron Man as a post-credits scene, the formation of this film made its way though five Marvel movies before it reached a culmination this past summer. What was most impressive about Joss Whedon's direction wasn't so much the action scenes, but the fact that he took so many characters and gave each one a distinct individual arc. -- MR 10. 'Looper' If my future self from 30 years in the future suddenly appeared in front of me, I would at least make sure that my future self had seen Looper one last time before I shot myself in the chest. -- MR 9. 'Les Miserables' Tom Hooper's dreamed dream of mixing live, on-set singing with A-list performers and set pieces straight out of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy succeeds thanks to its cast. Anne Hathaway is a lock to win Best Supporting Actress, and Les Miserables provides Hugh Jackman with his best role ever. Forget Wolverine; for the rest of Jackman's career, his name will be Jean Valjean. (Or prisoner 24601 if you're Javert.) -- CR 8. 'Skyfall' Mendes. Sam Mendes. That's how the director of the latest James Bond adventure should be introducing himself now that Skyfall has become a license to print money, earning a record-breaking $152 million in the UK and close to $1 billion worldwide. The secret to 007's success is simple: leavening the gritty realism of Daniel Craig's first two outings with a bit of the old Bond wit. Mendes also had the wisdom to cast Javier Bardem as a sexually ambivalent villain, give living legend Dame Judi Dench plenty of screen time and enlist Adele to sing the theme song. Best Bond ever? Never say never. -- MH 7. 'Silver Linings Playbook' Silver Linings Playbook is one of those rare movies that can actually be called the feel-good movie of the year! with a straight face. To wit: This dysfunctional family comedy about a mentally unstable former high school teacher (Bradley Cooper, in a career-best performance) and his equally broken love interest (Jennifer Lawrence), actually ends with a emdance competition/em. It's the heart-clutch moment of 2012. -- CR 6. 'Moonrise Kingdom' Set in the summer of 1965, Moonrise Kingdom marries Wes Anderson's meticulously designed retro-sensibilities with what Don Draper would have described as the pain from an old wound. (You might describe it as nostalgia.) The result is like a perfect summer cocktail: light and fizzy with a sneaky amount of depth that lingers on long after it's finished. Kudos to Anderson for getting great performances out of the two teens at the center of the film (Kara Hayward and Jared Gilman), but veterans like Bill Murray, Bruce Willis, Edward Norton and Frances McDormand hold things together by being appropriately deadpan and melancholy. -- CR 5. 'Django Unchained' The embargo on reviews of Quentin Tarantino's follow-up to Inglourious Basterds doesn't lift until Dec. 17, so for now we'll just say that Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz, Kerry Washington, Samuel L. Jackson and Leonardo DiCaprio star in a pre-Civil War slavery revenge fantasy that will change the way you think about American history. -- MH 4. 'Argo' Argo has a little bit of everything: spy thriller thrills; real-life political intrigue; a foreign crisis; and, of course, inside Hollywood hijinks. Ben Affleck directs and stars in this (mostly) true story of a joint CIA and Canadian effort to sneak six Americans out of Iran after they fled the now-captured American embassy in 1979. A riveting thriller, Argo alleviates its tension (rivaled only by Zero Dark Thirty) by having Alan Arkin and John Goodman play movie-industry professionals fronting a fake studio, which was created as a cover to sneak the six Americans out of Iran as part of a movie crew. The plan, like the movie, was so crazy, it actually worked. -- MR 3. 'Beasts Of The Southern Wild' Visually stunning and boldly unorthodox, Benh Zeitlin's Beasts of the Southern Wild spins a fearsome and intoxicating tale of life beyond the borders of civilization, inviting viewers to an endangered bayou community where freedom, passion and survival trump all other concerns. First-timers QuvenzhanĂŠ Wallis, who was 6 years old when the movie was filmed, and Dwight Henry, who almost didn't make the movie because he was worried about neglecting his New Orleans bakery, form one of the most unforgettable daughter-father combos in cinematic history, and the first-rate screenplay, score, set design and cinematography seal the spell. -- MH 2. 'Lincoln' The first trailer was a dud -- a href=http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/09/14/lincoln-voice-daniel-day-lewis_n_1883693.htmlremember all that noise about Daniel Day Lewis' squeaky voice/a? But low expectations served Lincoln well, allowing it to arrive not with the usual Spielbergian thud of pre-ordained importance but instead with a pleasantly surprising splash. With an unapologetically brainy script by Angels in America playwright Tony Kushner and a lead performance by Day-Lewis that history is all but guaranteed to remember as Oscar-winning, Lincoln feels less like a modern multiplex experience and more like a night at the theater when absolutely everything goes right. -- MH 1. 'Zero Dark Thirty' How did Kathryn Bigelow follow The Hurt Locker, which won Best Picture and Best Director at the 82nd annual Academy Awards? With a movie that tops it in almost every way. Zero Dark Thirty, Bigelow's globe- and decade-spanning docudrama about the search for Osama bin Laden, mixes the obsessive nature of David Fincher's Zodiac with the clear-eyed suspense of Michael Mann's Heat. The result is 2012's best film, a feature that will be studied for years to come -- not just for Bigelow's filmmaking prowess (the third-act raid on bin Laden's compound in particular), but because of Mark Boal's well-researched script and Jessica Chastain's star-making performance. Her character is, after all, the motherf--ker who found bin Laden's house. -- CR WILD CARD: 'Cloud Atlas' a href=http://entertainment.time.com/2012/12/04/top-10-arts-lists/slide/cloud-atlas/#ixzz2E8Aab0bxTIME Magazine called Cloud Atlas the worst movie of the year/a. HuffPost Executive Arts  Entertainment editor Michael Hogan couldn't even make it through to the end. Yet for all its flaws, no film in 2012 was more epic in scope and scale than Cloud Atlas. The film was so large it needed three directors (The Wachowskis and Tom Twykwer) and about 3,000 years to tell its story. Buoyed by the best Tom Hanks performance in nearly 10 years, and loaded with actors in multiple roles, Cloud Atlas seemed to do the impossible: strikemake Halle Berry interesting/strike turn David Mitchell's unadaptable novel into first-rate entertainment of the oxymoron variety. Cloud Atlas is an intimate epic, an effortless tightrope walk and one of 2012's best, despite people saying it's one of the worst. Sorry, TIME (and Mike). -- CR WILD CARD: 'Battleship' Battleship is not a good movie, per se. But there's an ever-present vibe that Battleship iknows/i it's not a good movie. It's not isupposed/i to be a good movie. This is a movie based on a board game. Actually, it's not even a board game -- it's just two people reciting letters and numbers to each other. Really, you think that iyou/i could make a better Battleship movie? No other movie his year absolutely iowns/i what it is more than Battleship. -- MR WILD CARD: 'Prometheus' It's hard to imagine any movie billed, however informally, as Ridley Scott's sequel to Alien living up to fans' impossibly high expectations. So maybe it was inevitable that Prometheus would become the subject of angry recriminations and at least one a href=http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/06/17/whats-wrong-with-prometheus-video_n_1603575.htmlhilarious Internet video cataloguing every single WTF moment/a. But it would be a shame if viewers' occasional (OK, constant) confusion blinded them to the spellbinding cinematography, the mind-bending set design and the terrible beauty of Michael Fassbender's performance as David the amoral android. Moreover, there is still a chance that at least some of the loose ends will be tied up in the sequel, if Scott ever gets around to shooting one. Like The Master, this is a movie that invites you to watch again and again, if not to ponder its unanswerable mysteries than to visit its entrancing world. -- MH   Contribute to this Story: Send us a tip Send us a photo or video Suggest a correction FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT  Like 93k  Subscribe From our partners  Edward Snowden's Story Has Already Been Made Into A Film - EW.com Star Of 'Lord Of The Rings' Film Says Goodbye - EW.com A Look At The Impact Of 'The Heat' On Women In Comedy - EW.com  Get HuffPost Entertainment On !    Know something we don't? E-mail us at entertainment@huffingtonpost.com   Related News On Huffington Post: Best Movies Of 2012: Counting Down The Year's 50 Greatest Films (PHOTOS) Best Movies of 2012 (So Far)   Best Movies Of 2012: Counting Down The Year's 50 Greatest Films (PHOTOS)   As another year comes to a close, there's only one question -- well, at least around the Moviefone Christmas Tree -- that lingers in the...    Best Movies of 2012 (So Far)   What are the best movies of 2012? It's only the halfway point of another box-office year, but there have already been plenty of cinematic highlights...   Around the Web: Top 100 Movies of 2012 - Rotten Tomatoes IMDb: Best movies for 2012 and some beyond. - a list by mortymbg13 2012 Movies - MovieWeb.com Best Movies of 2012 - A Listly List Top Movies of 2012 - FilmCrave.com National Board of Review names 'Zero Dark Thirty' Best Movie The Best Movies Of 2012 That No One Saw Filed by Christopher Rosen |    Presented by Investigation Discovery  27 Females Kicking Ass On TV (PHOTOS) Quick Read | Comments (81) | 08.21.2013 Most Popular Miley Cyrus Bleeped By MTV One Big Miley Cyrus VMA Rumor Totally Debunked The BEST Reaction To Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance Billy Ray Cyrus Reacts To Miley's VMAs Performance WATCH: Duets With Audience Members Don't Usually Turn Out Like This... *NSYNC Reportedly 'Upset' With Justin Timberlake Lady Gaga Gets VMA 'Applause' Taylor Swift Tells Harry Styles: 'STFU' Jessica Biel Shows Lots O' Skin In See-Through Dress What Robin Thicke's Family Thought About Miley Cyrus' Raunchy Act The Onion Saw Miley Cyrus' Future In 2008 IT HAPPENED! Rihanna's Priceless Reaction To Spilling Popcorn Study Reveals Terrifying Side-Effect Of Cocaine--After Just One Use Pastafarian Wins Battle At The DMV, Wears Colander On Head For License Photo 9 Things Women Couldn't Do In 1913 -- And 3 Things They Still Can't Lamar Odom Is Reportedly Missing, Abusing Drugs PHOTOS: Check Out VMAs Red Carpet Fashion From The 2013 Show Lady Gaga's Butt Make Full Appearance At VMAs Urlacher Names Player Who Ended His Career Follow HuffPost Email Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Mobile  HuffPost Daily Brief  Entertainment  Get top stories and blogs posts emailed to you each day.  HuffPost Entertainment HuffPost Entertainment  HuffPost Entertainment Most Popular on HuffPost Latest News Entertainment View all RSS feeds   Miley Cyrus RIPPED By Teddy Bear Org. -- They're for Cuddling, Not Twerking! Pippi Longstocking -- Sex Tape Will NEVER See the Light of Day Joe Francis -- SENTENCED TO JAIL TMZ   esi    HUFFPOST'S BIG NEWS PAGES      Guantanamo Soldiers Get 9/11 History Lessons To Keep Terrorist Attacks Fresh In MindsGuantanamo Bay      How Jason Blumer, CPA, Is Looking To Transform AccountancyWhat Is Working: Small Businesses      John McCain On Immigration: Not Giving Up On Path To CitizenshipImmigration Reform      Teens Replace Popular Song Names With 'Twerk' On TwitterFun Stuff      Nidal Hasan, Fort Hood Gunman, Won't Talk Before SentencingFBI      Petra Kvitova Beats Misaki Doi In 3 Sets To Advance At U.S. OpenTennis      Cory Booker Speaks Out On Gay Rumors In Washington PostCory Booker      John Green Posts Adorable Photo Of Shailene Woodley On Set Of 'The Fault In Our Stars'Movies      Bubonic Plague Kills Teen In KyrgyzstanHealth News more big news pages     huff.emit('content/update', '#most_popular_bpages');     Advertise | Make HuffPost your Home Page | RSS | Careers | FAQ User Agreement | Privacy | Comment Policy | About Us | About Our Ads | Contact Us Copyright  2013 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. | The Huffington Post is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of  HuffPost Celebrity on Moviefone   HuffPost Lightbox  