Advertisement  Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad  HOME Breaking Photos Video Crime Obituaries Weather Traffic Crosswords Sudoku Horoscopes Apps  Local L.A. Now Politics Crime Education O.C. Westside Neighborhoods Environment Data & Maps Local Plus  U.S. Politics Nation Now Politics Now Top of the Ticket Science Science Now Obituaries Religion  World World Now Afghanistan war Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East  Business Money & Co. Technology Highway 1 Company Town Personal Finance Jobs Real Estate Cars Business Plus  Sports Sports now Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels NFL Kings NHL/Ducks USC UCLA Preps Scores  Entertainment Awards: The Envelope Movies TV Music Celebrity Arts & Culture Industry Critics' Picks Ent Plus  Health Science Now Medicine Fitness & Nutrition Mental Health Health Reform Mind & Body Health Plus  Style Home Food Fashion Books L.A. Affairs Comics Reader Photos Summer Guide Living Plus  Travel SoCal California Mexico Hawaii Las Vegas Europe Asia Australia Travel & Deal Blog Travel Plus  Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters Opinion L.A. Top of the Ticket Readers' Rep  Shop Daily Deals Travel Offers Coupons Weekly Circulars Offers & Deals Sports Gear LA Times Product See More  Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad   YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home  Collections  Arts Entertainment Television Network IN THE NEWS Arts Entertainment Television Network MORE STORIES ABOUT: Trends Acquisitions Investigations Suits Celebrities | More FEATURED ARTICLES ENTERTAINMENT The Story Behind A's 'Biography' June 19, 1998 | MICHELE WILLENS, SPECIAL TO THE TIMES Producer Peter Jones reaches for something in his West Los Angeles office and picks it up with tender care. Small wonder, for it turns out to be an extremely personal family scrapbook of the Nelson family ("Here's Ozzie, here's Harriet . . . "). When Jones first approached David Nelson, the remaining member of the core family, and his Uncle Don, they were extremely reluctant to cooperate in a probing look at his family, whose TV series came close to being "The Truman Show" of the 1950s. ARTICLES BY DATE BUSINESS A Television Networks to acquire Lifetime Entertainment Services August 28, 2009 | Joe Flint Walt Disney Co., NBC Universal and Hearst Corp. have finalized an agreement to merge several cable networks together -- for now, anyway. Under the terms of the agreement, A Television Networks, which is owned by all three companies, will acquire Lifetime Entertainment Services, which is owned by Disney and Hearst. The channels that will make up the new entity are A, History Channel, Lifetime Television, Biography and a handful of smaller networks. The deal is part of an ongoing process to reduce and eventually eliminate NBC Universal's stake in the entity. Advertisement BUSINESS 'Flip This House' set for court November 3, 2008 | Meg James, James is a Times staff writer. Despite the mortgage meltdown, there still could be money in house flipping -- or at least in a dispute over a show about house flipping. A jury trial in Charleston, S.C., begins today to determine whether cable programmer A Television Networks must pay a South Carolina real estate broker as much as $30 million for creating the popular get-rich-through-real-estate show "Flip This House." The idea originated five years ago at the start of the housing boom. Richard C. BUSINESS 'Flip This House' set for court November 3, 2008 | Meg James, James is a Times staff writer. Despite the mortgage meltdown, there still could be money in house flipping -- or at least in a dispute over a show about house flipping. A jury trial in Charleston, S.C., begins today to determine whether cable programmer A Television Networks must pay a South Carolina real estate broker as much as $30 million for creating the popular get-rich-through-real-estate show "Flip This House." The idea originated five years ago at the start of the housing boom. Richard C. ENTERTAINMENT When It Comes to Mysteries.... : 'Dark Adapted Eye' Latest Evidence That British Sure Know the Genre January 4, 1995 | HOWARD ROSENBERG Those waxing euphoric about all British television haven't seen much British television. What the Brits do well, however, they do very well. And what they do well (most of the time) are mysteries. Just why U.S. television comes up short in this sphere (anyone voting for that CBS second-rater "Murder, She Wrote" should lay off the New Year's punch) is itself a puzzle. Perhaps at fault is mainstream U.S. ENTERTAINMENT New Show Looking for 'The Incurable Collector' April 4, 2001 | SUSAN KING, TIMES STAFF WRITER The producers of A's new weekly series "The Incurable Collector," which premiered Sunday, had no problem finding people who collect interesting, unique and bizarre items. Like the woman who collects swizzle sticks. "She has a thousand swizzle sticks," says the series' executive producer Pam Burke. "It is one of the more inexpensive [hobbies] to get involved in." Burke just "loves" the man who collects vacuum cleaners. "He has 800 vacuum cleaners that date back to the first vacuum," she says. ENTERTAINMENT Snooping Around in Other People's Lives June 9, 1999 | PAULA SPAN, WASHINGTON POST The task at hand, here at Lucky Duck Productions, is choosing a properly stirring musical conclusion for a Lifetime "Intimate Portrait," this one recounting the many trials and triumphs of newswoman Connie Chung. Perhaps flute arpeggios? "Schlocky," decrees editor Lisa Shreve. Swelling strings? Producer Lori Savitch feigns snoring. BUSINESS HBO to Sell 78 'Sopranos' Episodes to A February 1, 2005 | Scott Collins, Times Staff Writer Mobster Tony Soprano is headed to basic cable, minus a @#$%! or two. After a protracted bidding war, Time Warner Inc.'s HBO network agreed to sell 78 episodes of "The Sopranos" to basic cable's A Network, A said Monday. The episodes fetched more than $2.5 million apiece, people familiar with the situation said, the most ever for a syndicated TV show. The deal will bring "The Sopranos" -- a critics' favorite since its debut in 1999 -- to a much broader audience. CALIFORNIA | LOCAL Equipment, Tapes Given to Libraries March 27, 1992 A local cable television company and the Arts & Entertainment cable network have donated televisions, videotape recorders and videotapes to two San Fernando Valley libraries, part of a national campaign to increase library video collections. The equipment was given to the Los Angeles Public Library branches in Canoga Park and Granada Hills by the network and Chatsworth-based Cablevision Industries. ENTERTAINMENT Before 'Peaks,' There Was 'The Prisoner' October 2, 1991 | HOWARD ROSENBERG There's joy in not knowing. Devotees of ABC's cryptic "Twin Peaks" affirmed that last season, treasuring its hairpin curves, blind alleys and often incomprehensible story that left them in a state of exquisite bewilderment. Yet this was hardly the first truly baffling series to air on American television. In the summers of 1968 and 1969, for example, CBS aired a brainy and creative British serial that, while easier to track than "Twin Peaks," was the prime-time enigma of its era. ENTERTAINMENT A focus on criminals gone good March 16, 2007 | Geoff Boucher It looks like Ice Cube will be keeping it real on A The rap icon and star of such films as "Barbershop," "Three Kings" and "Are We There Yet?" has signed a deal with the cable and satellite television network to produce "Good in the Hood," an hourlong pilot for an unscripted drama series about gang members and urban criminals who have changed their ways and are looking to help other people do the same. ENTERTAINMENT The HBO gang's all here, A swears (mildly) January 10, 2007 | Paul Brownfield, Times Staff Writer In an upcoming scene from the edited version of "The Sopranos," the one that begins airing tonight on A, mob guys Paulie Walnuts (Tony Sirico) and Christopher Moltisanti (Michael Imperioli) are chasing a wiseguy through the woods before killing him, in cold blood, pumping his chest full of bullets, repeatedly, brutally. What you don't get in this scene is the full effect of dark comedy -- Paulie Walnuts fretting, in colorful language, that he's just schlepped through poison ivy. BUSINESS HBO to Sell 78 'Sopranos' Episodes to A February 1, 2005 | Scott Collins, Times Staff Writer Mobster Tony Soprano is headed to basic cable, minus a @#$%! or two. After a protracted bidding war, Time Warner Inc.'s HBO network agreed to sell 78 episodes of "The Sopranos" to basic cable's A Network, A said Monday. The episodes fetched more than $2.5 million apiece, people familiar with the situation said, the most ever for a syndicated TV show. The deal will bring "The Sopranos" -- a critics' favorite since its debut in 1999 -- to a much broader audience. ENTERTAINMENT Travelers' tales aloft July 9, 2004 | Jennifer Frey, The Washington Post The blond woman at the check-in counter is crying, tears streaking her cheeks. She has too many bills, she explains. She is supporting her brother, her family. She's just a bus driver. She's stressed, she says, not drunk. Across from her, the man in the Southwest Airlines uniform leans in, nods sympathetically. He understands life can be hard. He understands she is upset. He's still not going to let her get on the plane. ENTERTAINMENT Reality show is a win-win situation for A and Southwest July 9, 2004 | Jennifer Frey, The Washington Post As with several other reality shows (think "Trading Spaces" or "What Not to Wear"), "Airline" is a copycat of a British reality program of the same name, which has shadowed the no-frills carrier EasyJet for eight seasons. When A Network decided to produce an American version, Southwest Airlines seemed like the natural fit -- it was the most recognizable low-cost airline at the time, and it had a reputation for being fun and having character. ENTERTAINMENT Down to the sea again December 2, 2003 | Susan King, Times Staff Writer Peter Weir did more than just read Patrick O'Brian's books when he began pre-production on his seagoing adventure film, "Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World." For more practical advice, the Australian director turned to several crew members of the Emmy Award-winning A cable series "Horatio Hornblower." And for good reason. Over the last six years, A and its British partner, Granada, have produced eight two-hour movies based on C.S. BUSINESS A summary of Southern California-related business litigation developments during the past week. December 10, 1990 | From United Press International Musical Theme: Music composer Diane Steinberg filed a copyright infringement lawsuit against TeleAmerica Entertainment, Improv West Inc. and the Arts & Entertainment Cable Network for allegedly using a theme song she composed for the televised comedy show, "An Evening at the Improv," without crediting her. In the federal lawsuit, Steinberg contends that she wrote the tune, "Improve Strut," in 1982 and had it copyrighted. ENTERTAINMENT Travelers' tales aloft July 9, 2004 | Jennifer Frey, The Washington Post The blond woman at the check-in counter is crying, tears streaking her cheeks. She has too many bills, she explains. She is supporting her brother, her family. She's just a bus driver. She's stressed, she says, not drunk. Across from her, the man in the Southwest Airlines uniform leans in, nods sympathetically. He understands life can be hard. He understands she is upset. He's still not going to let her get on the plane. 1 | 2 | 3 | Next ENTERTAINMENT New Show Looking for 'The Incurable Collector' April 4, 2001 | SUSAN KING, TIMES STAFF WRITER The producers of A's new weekly series "The Incurable Collector," which premiered Sunday, had no problem finding people who collect interesting, unique and bizarre items. Like the woman who collects swizzle sticks. "She has a thousand swizzle sticks," says the series' executive producer Pam Burke. "It is one of the more inexpensive [hobbies] to get involved in." Burke just "loves" the man who collects vacuum cleaners. "He has 800 vacuum cleaners that date back to the first vacuum," she says. ENTERTAINMENT Bridging the Life of Barnum : Father and son team up to play the larger-than-life show-biz visionary. September 10, 1999 | KRISTIN HOHENADEL, SPECIAL TO THE TIMES When Jordan Bridges was in fifth grade, he did an oral report on P.T. Barnum, already captivated by the infamous King of the Circus. His father, actor Beau Bridges, helped him find a voice and a costume. Little did he know that 15 years later, he and his father would share a wig of voluminous curls to portray six decades of Barnum in a four-hour miniseries. Being shown Sunday and Monday on A, "P.T. 1 | 2 | 3 | Next Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times Terms of Service | Privacy Policy SiteCatalyst code version: H.1.Copyright 1997-2005 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  