 Home About Us Video News Crime Civil Society Education Economy Tourism Health Magistrates Court Natural Disasters Politics Social Issues Sports Supreme Court Traffic Accidents Programs Gallery Contact Us RSS Feed Category: Arts  Entertainment 0 New movie being shot on location in rural Belize Since the movie Dog’s of War was shot in Belize back in the early eighties; there have been a number of other motion pictures shot on location in the jewel. Tonight, there is another to tell you about. Love TV’s Marion Ali reports. Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on May 3, 2012 10:33 pm 0 Reality Youth throws free concert for the homeless A free concert and feeding initiative will be held for the less fortunate this Saturday at Battlefield Park in Belize City.  The man behind the event is gospel artist Reality Youth. He today told Love News what the concert entails. Once again the event will take place at Battlefield Park, this Saturday from two o’clock [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 26, 2012 9:57 pm 0 Lova Boy lands in Belize Belizean Punta Sensation Lova Boy touched down at the Phillip Goldson International Airport today.  Lova Boy is in Belize to launch his new album.  Love News was at the airport to greet the artist. Love News asked Lovaboy how the public has been receiving his music abroad. The launch of the album will take place [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 26, 2012 9:06 pm 0 Governor General hands out musical instruments The students of Paraiso Government School in the Corozal District were today the recipients of a donation of musical instruments from the Governor General. Correspondent Arturo Cantun has the details.  Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 25, 2012 10:23 pm 0 Mexican concert pianist to perform in Belize If classical music is your way of unwinding after a long week’s work, then you will be delighted in free piano concerts, courtesy the Mexican Embassy.  Public Relations Officer for the Embassy, Marcelino Miranda, told Love News that the concerts, two to be exact, are scheduled for Belize City and Belmopan. The first concert again [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 20, 2012 10:19 pm 1 Succotz Fiesta coming up this weekend The annual Succotz Fiesta is here once again and the party starts on Friday night at the football field in San Jose Succotz Village in the Cayo District.  Chairman for the Succotz Fiesta, Wilson Pat told Love News more about the annual celebration. Pat says that the fair is made possible through the primary sponsorship [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 16, 2012 11:19 pm 0 Belizean fashion designer shines in Jamaica Nineteen year old Belizean fashion designer Rebecca Stirm from Belmopan, has won a “culture-inspired” challenge in the second episode of regional fashion designer reality series called Mission Catwalk.  [VO STARTS HERE] The series is filmed in Kingston, Jamaica. According to an online report in the Bahamas weekly newspaper, Stirm and over a dozen other designers [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 10, 2012 11:17 pm 0 Belizean fashion designer wins cultural prize in Jamaica Nineteen year old Belizean fashion designer Rebecca Stirm from Belmopan, has won a “culture-inspired” challenge in the second episode of regional fashion designer reality series called Mission Catwalk.  The series is filmed in Kingston, Jamaica. According to an online report in the Bahamas weekly newspaper, Stirm and over a dozen other designers were challenged to [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 10, 2012 1:56 pm 0 Belizeans introduced to stop motion animation A workshop entitled Animagics was held yesterday and ended today at the Youth for the Future computer lab on Youth for the Future drive.  The workshop is an introduction to stop motion animation also referred to as claymation.  Facilitator for the Belize Film Commission Suzette Zaiden explained more about the workshop. Zaiden says that the [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 4, 2012 8:33 pm 0 New champions of Band Fest chosen It was billed as the premiere family event of the year and on Saturday Belize Band Fest did not disappoint. Corozal was the place to be on Saturday for the 2012 edition of Belize Band Fest. At the end of the day, the Corozal Community College Marching Band was voted the most popular marching band. Succotz [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 2, 2012 10:22 pm 0 Basket weaving competition held in Toledo The annual Jipi Japa Basket making Competition Award Ceremony took place at the weekend in Punta Gorda town.  Artisans who participated in the competition were awarded on Saturday by the Building the People Movement, a Toledo based, non-governmental organization primarily focused on economic empowerment.  Founder and Director of the Movement, Dorla Bowman spoke with Love [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on April 2, 2012 10:04 pm 0 Belize Band Fest ready for the big time in Corozal Just over thirty six hours from now, the Ricalde Stadium in Corozal town will be the venue for one of the fiercest battles as five marching bands and seven Drum Corps take to the field in open competition.  It’s the 2012 Belize Band Fest and tonight the organizing committee is putting the finishing touches to [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on March 29, 2012 8:27 pm 0 Band Fest Parade route announced The 7th annual Belize Band Fest will be staged in Corozal town on Saturday, March 31, beginning at 9 o’clock in the morning. The parade is set to start at the beginning of Seventh Avenue (across from the bus terminal), and continue down Seventh Avenue to the roundabout at the entrance to Corozal Town. [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on March 28, 2012 10:10 am 0 Maya womens expo coming next week The work of Maya women will be featured later this week at a Maya Women’s Expo. This is an event put together by the Women’s Department. Cynthia Williams is the Human Development Coordinator at the Women’s Department.  Williams says that all the proceeds of the sales will go directly to the women whose arts and [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on March 27, 2012 10:18 pm 0 Garifuna Collective back from Costa Rica gig Just back today from a four-day tour in Costa Rica are Mohobub Flores and the Garifuna Collective.  The musicians were invited to take part in that country’s Festival Internacional de los Artistas.  And aside from the event being a wonderful experience by their account, Joshua Arana, who headed the group, told Love News that they [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on March 23, 2012 11:07 pm 0 Women in art fair to be held in Benque Viejo del Carmen An art fair that will take place tomorrow in Benque Viejo del Carmen will showcase the work of women.  The event is being organized by the benque Viejo del Carmen House of Culture.  Nayelli Trujillo is the Coordinator. The event is a part of activities in connection with Women’s month. Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on March 23, 2012 10:58 pm 0 The countdown to Belize Band Fest starts It has its origins in the spring of 2006, and over the years, the Belize Band Fest has earned the title of Belize’s Premier Family Event of the year. The 2012 edition of the Belize Band Fest is nine days away, and tonight we begin a series of features on the participating bands. A total [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on March 22, 2012 10:01 pm 6 El Gran Carnaval comes to San Pedro It’s the start of the Lenten season; but for residents of San Pedro it also means that it is time for El Gran Carnival.  Love TV’s Maria Novelo reports. Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on February 22, 2012 10:33 pm 0 NICH plans Kinich Ahau Festival On Sunday February nineteenth the grounds of Altun Ha Mayan Site will be the location for the Kinich Ahau Art Festival that is being sponsored by the National Institute of Culture and History through the Institute of Creative Arts and in conjunction with the Kinich Ahau Art Committee.  It is also the second event held [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on February 16, 2012 11:30 pm 0 House of Culture training ends A four day workshop being carried out at the Belize House of Culture came to an end today.  The workshop is part of an upcoming development program for which Belize is receiving an estimated eleven million dollar fund to develop a major part of the City.  Communications Officer for NICH is Shari Williams. Williams said [...] Published by Rene Villanueva Jr. on February 16, 2012 11:27 pm  Older Entries Newer Entries   News Archives August 2013 M T W T F S S  Jul  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Poll Do you find the cover of the Guatemalan Caricom Passport offensive or disrespectful to Belize? Yes (92%, 11 Votes) Undecided (8%, 1 Votes) No (0%, 0 Votes) Doesn't Really Matter (0%, 0 Votes) Total Voters: 12 Loading ... Polls Archive Comment On Poll Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name Email Website  CAPTCHA Code * Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment  Copyright  2013  Love TV . All Rights Reserved.  