  Skip Navigation My NYSBA | | Join | Renew | Web Survey | FAQ | Online Store | About NYSBA | Contact | Site Map  Home My NYSBA Blogs CLE Committees Events For Attorneys For the Community Forums / Listserves Membership Practice Management Publications / Forms Sections Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law NEW! The Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Blog Section Profile Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Journal Publications Download Upcoming Events Committee Meeting Archive Committee Rosters SECTION and Committee Membership (Sign Up Here!) EASL Section Searchable Directory Law Student Initiative Resources EASL Recorded Programs Site Map Special Services For the Media Government Relations Law, Youth & Citizenship Lawyer Assistance Program Lawyer Referral Service Pro Bono Affairs Conference of Bar Leaders THE NEW YORK BAR FOUNDATION Connect with NYSBA  Advanced Search Search Tips Home Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Home  Welcome! The New York State Bar Association’s Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Section welcomes Section members and visitors. EASL Section's more than 1,700 members represent varied interests, including some of the sexiest issues grabbing headlines being debated in Congress and being heard by the courts. The EASL Section provides substantive case law, forums for discussion and debate and information-sharing in the EASL e-community. Section members receive the Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Journal and may access back issues on our Web site. New: Archive of Committee Meetings The Committees of the Entertainment Arts and Sports Law Section include some of the most active committees in the New York State Bar Association. Committee meetings are held throughout the year, with many of the meetings being approved for MCLE credit. In order to increase our members’ awareness of these valuable meetings, an archive containing the descriptions of these meetings is now being provided. In the future, the course materials distributed at these meetings will also be provided as an exclusive benefit of Section membership. Please click on the Committee Name below to access the meeting notices. Alternative Dispute Resolution Fine Arts Pro Bono Theatre & Performing Arts In the Arena: A Sports Law Handbook Editors:  Elissa Hecker and David Krell Written by dozens of sports law attorneys and medical professionals, In the Arena: A Sports Law Handbook is a reflection of the multiple issues that face athletes and the attorneys who represent them.  Included in this book are chapters on professional athletes, NCAA enforcement, advertising, sponsorship, intellectual property rights, doping, concussion-related issues, Title IX and dozens of useful appendices. Counseling Content Providers in the Digital Age Editors:  Kathleen Conkey,  Elissa Hecker and  Pamela Jones For as long as there have been printing presses, there have been accusations of libel, invasion of privacy, intellectual property infringements and a variety of other torts.   Now that much of the content reaching the public is distributed over the Internet, television (including cable and satellite), radio and film as well as in print, the field of pre-publication review has become more complicated and more important.   Counseling Content Providers in the Digital Age provides an overview of the issues content reviewers face repeatedly. Sponsored by the EASL Section and Committee on Continuing Legal Education, Counseling Content Providers in the Digital Age was written and edited by experienced media law attorneys from California and New York .  This book is invaluable to anyone entering the field of pre-publication review as well as anyone responsible for vetting the content of their client’s or their firm’s Web site. Entertainment Litigation This book is a thorough exposition of the basics that manages to address in a simple, accessible way the pitaflls and complexities of the entertainment and intellectual property fields. Written by experienced attorneys, Entertainment Litigation is the manual for anyone practicing in this fast-paced, ever-changing area of law. Click here  to order a copy of this book. Upcoming Programs We encourage you to check out the EASL events page of our website, as a wide variety of programs covering legal topics in the entertainment field are sponsored by Committees of the Entertainment, Arts & Law Section on a monthly basis, and many times CLE credit is offered.  You can also follow us on Twitter @NYSBAEASL to stay up to date on news, events, programming, and publications. EASL Recorded Programs Please click on the following link for information on how to obtain a copy of an Entertainment, Arts & Sports Law Section program that was recorded and is now available for purchase:   http://www.nysba.org/RecordedPrograms Pro Bono Committee In addition to all of the varied and interesting submissions that are published in this issue of the Journal, we are pleased to highlight the creation of the EASL Section's newest committee on Pro Bono. It is the goal of this Committee to engage EASL members in opportunities that will enrich the entertainment, arts and sports law communities. For more information on this new endeavor, please visit the Pro Bono Committee section of our website. Fashion Law Committee Join EASL's Fashion Law Committee, co-chaired by David H. Faux and Lisa M. Willis.  This committee will keep its members apprised of new developments in copyright, trademark, and other applicable business laws that  particularly apply to the business of fashion.  Already, the co-chairs are planning events in survival skills for designers and designers’ representatives in a down economy, updates on the efforts to gain copyright protection for designs, and more.  They are also looking to expand options and opportunities for committee members to be involved and informed.  If interested, please contact  Dave  davefaux@dhf-law.net or Lisa  lisamwillis@gmail.com for more information Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Journal The Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Journal (EASL Journal) is a comprehensive newsletter with a wide range of topics.  Authors can now obtain CLE credit from having an article published in the EASL Journal. Articles and letters may be submitted with biographical information via e-mail to the Editor, Elissa D. Hecker at   eheckeresq@eheckeresq.com . To obtain additional information regarding the EASL Journal, please click on "The Entertainment, Arts and Sports Law Journal " tab within the sidebar menu located near the top of the lefthand side of your screen. Law Student Initiatives Law school students who have interests in entertainment, arts and/or sports law and who are members of the EASL Section are invited to submit articles. This initiative is unique, as it grants students the opportunity to be published and gain exposure in these highly competitive areas of practice. The Journal is among the profession's foremost law journals. Both it and the Web site have wide national distribution. To foster interest in entertainment, arts and sports law as a career path, the EASL Section invites law students who are Section members to participate in its Law Student Initiative: Requirements: Eligibility: Open to all full-time and part-time J.D. candidates who are EASL Section members. Form: Include complete contact information: name, mailing address, law school, law school club/organization (if applicable), phone number and e-mail address. There is no length requirement, but any notes must be in Bluebook endnote form. Submissions: Articles must be submitted via a Word e-mail attachment to  eheckeresq@eheckeresq.com  or accompanied by a hard copy and on a diskette in Word to: Elissa D. Hecker, Esq. Law Office of Elissa D. Hecker 64 Butterwood Lane East Irvington, NY 10533 Topic: Each student may write on the subject matter of his/her choice, so long as it is unique to the entertainment, arts and sport law fields. Judging: Submissions will be judged on the basis of quality of writing, originality and thoroughness. Winning submissions will be published in the EASL Journal. All winners will receive complimentary memberships to the EASL Section for the following year. In addition, a news article featuring the competition and the winning entrants will be published in the Journal and on our Web site, and all winners will be announced at the EASL Section Annual Meeting. Upcoming Events 09/19/2013 - 09/19/2013 If You Build It, They Will Come 10/18/2013 - 10/18/2013 The Entertainment Business Law Seminar at CMJ Music Marathon 01/27/2014 - 02/01/2014 Annual Meeting 2014 Save the Date more Announcements Career Center and Job Alert Service Job search and support resources for attorneys in transition, attorneys dealing with job loss and others seeking career advice or job listings Join This Section Loislaw LawWatch Loislaw LawWatch is provided as a service of Loislaw.com, a division of Aspen Publishing. Loislaw LawWatch provides access to recent cases based on the search criteria provided by your section. The search criteria may be by area of practice, by court, and /or by date. The NYSBA also provides a basic level of free legal research to all members. You may access free legal research from Loislaw through your MyNYSBA page or through For Attorneys. license and (music or television) - license and (music or television) FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION v. FOX TELEVISION STATIONS, 10-1293 (U.S. 6-21-2012)No. 10-1293Argued January 10, 2012, Decided June 21, 2012[fn*] OCTOBER TERM, 2011Title 18 U. S. C. § 1464 bans the broadcast of "any obscene, indecent, or profane ... copyright - copyright BUDAY v. NEW YORK YANKEES PARTNERSHIP, 11-4803-cv (2nd Cir. 6-26-2012)No. 11-4803-cv.June 26, 2012.Plaintiff-appellant Tanit Buday appeals from the district court's judgment granting the motion of the New York Yankees Partnership to dismiss Buday's ... copyright - copyright FOREST PARK PICTURES v. UNIVERSAL TELEVISION NETWORK, INC., 11-2011-cv (2nd Cir. 6-26-2012)No. 11-2011-cvDecided: June 26, 2012Plaintiffs-Appellants Forest Park Pictures, Tove Christensen, and Hayden Christensen appeal from an order of the United St ... license and (music or television) - license and (music or television) FOREST PARK PICTURES v. UNIVERSAL TELEVISION NETWORK, INC., 11-2011-cv (2nd Cir. 6-26-2012)No. 11-2011-cvDecided: June 26, 2012Plaintiffs-Appellants Forest Park Pictures, Tove Christensen, and Hayden Christensen appeal from an order of the United St ... "motion picture" - "motion picture" SBRIGATO v. JC PENNY CORP., INC., 20700/09 (6-21-2012)20700/09Decided on June 21, 2012Plaintiff has alleged causes of action for defamation, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress based on defendant's employee's detainin ...  NEW YORK STATE BAR ASSOCIATION, ONE ELK STREET, ALBANY, NY 12207 PH: (518) 463-3200 SECURE FX: (518) 463-5993 Copyright © New York State Bar Association, 2011 Privacy Statement | Terms of Use 