 Ivy Tech Logo Apply Now Request Info Campus Connect Blackboard Find People A - Z Index A A Text Only Version Home Register for Fall Classes About Academic Support and Operations Manual Accelerating Greatness Accreditation - Mission Administrative Directory Board of Trustees Business/Bursar Office Campus Crime Statistics Career Services Corporate College Disability Support Services Diversity Economic Impact Employment at Ivy Tech Facilities Financial Reports  Documents Graduation Help Human Resources In the News Institutional Research Magazines Making Indiana Great Registrar Safety  Security Student Consumer Info Student Rights Style Guide Testing Centers Tuition Why Ivy Tech Campuses Anderson Batesville Bloomington Columbus Connersville Crawfordsville East Chicago Elkhart Evansville Fort Wayne Franklin Gary Greencastle Indianapolis Kokomo Lafayette Lawrenceburg Logansport Madison Marion Michigan City Muncie New Castle Richmond Sellersburg South Bend Tell City Terre Haute Valparaiso Wabash Warsaw Admissions Admissions Contacts Admissions Requirements Advising Apply Now Assessment Campus Connect Credit for Prior Learning Dual Credit for H.S. Students First Day of Class Follett Bookstore International Students Ivy Tech Debit Card New Student Orientation New Students Paying for College Paying Your Tuition Registering for Classes Request Information Selective Programs Transfer Opportunities Tuition and Fees Veterans Affairs Financial Aid Contact Us Forms Frequently Asked Questions Grants How to Fill out the FAFSA Important Links Indiana College Costs Estimator Ivy Tech Debit Card My Ivy Tech Policies Priority Dates Refunds Scholarships School Codes Tax Credit Verification Academics Academic Calendar Advising Apprenticeships ASAP Course Catalog Course Search Courses and Curriculum Credit for Prior Learning Degree Programs A-Z Degree Programs By Location Degree Programs By School Degrees and Certificates Dual Credit for H.S. Students Gainful Employment Honors Program Ivy Institute of Technology Ivy Tech Online Statewide Electives Study Abroad Transcript Request Transfer General Education Core Transfer Opportunities Corporate College Contact us Courses Customized Training Disney Institute Online Training Professional Development Request Information Talent Management Solutions Testimonials Workforce Certification Testing Ivy Tech Online Ohio Request Info Automotive Technology Academic Calendar Apprenticeships ASAP Course Catalog Courses and Curriculum Credit for Prior Learning Degree Programs A-Z Degree Programs By Location Degree Programs By School School of Applied Science & Engineering Technology School of Business School of Education School of Fine Arts & Design School of Health Sciences School of Liberal Arts & Sciences School of Nursing School of Public & Social Services School of Technology Advanced Manufacturing Automotive Technology Aviation Maintenance Technology Building Construction Management Construction Technology Design Technology Electronics & Computer Technology Energy Technology HVAC Industrial Technology Machine Tool Technology Manufacturing Production and Operations Degrees and Certificates Gainful Employment Honors Program Ivy Institute of Technology Ivy Tech Online Study Abroad Transcript Request Transfer Opportunities  Home  Academics The Automotive Technology program offers exciting careers and unlimited opportunities. Through the use of equipment used in the automotive industry today and A.S.E. master certified instructors, students learn how to diagnose and repair today's high-tech vehicles. This program will prepare students for entry level employment with companies that require training in areas such as: electrical systems, engine performance, transmissions, brakes, steering and suspension systems, air conditioning systems, and engine repair. Students are prepared to take industry standard certification exams from ASE. Students receive hands-on experience on up to date repair and diagnostic equipment that is currently used in the automotive field today. Computer usage and skills along with network communication diagnosis has become critical skills required to quickly and accurately diagnosis newer automobiles, hybrid and alternative fueled vehicles, and heavy diesel trucks. This is a hands-on training program that allows plenty of lab time to develop the skills needed to be successful in whichever emphasis of study the student chooses to go into. Through your choice of electives, you can choose the emphasis of study you would like to pursue. The Automotive Program mission and purpose is to provide its students with educational experiences that will provide a framework from which they can pursue a career in the automotive industry as well as the skills for a possible placement or continuation of their educational goals. Check out the Ivy Tech Guided Pathway to Success ( Ivy Tech GPS ) icons to map out your pathway for success. SAMPLE CAREERS IN THIS FIELD Body Repair Technician, Insurance Adjuster, Damage Appraiser, Toyota T-TEN Technician , Automotive Service Manager, Automotive Service Technician, Heavy Truck Diesel Technician, Motor Sports Builder/ Technician, Hybrid Vehicle Service Technician, Parts Sales/ Counter Specialist, Automotive Accessory Installer  DEGREES AVAILABLE Associate of Applied Science, Technical Certificate, and short-term Certificate. NOTE: The number of credits required for a degree or certification is based on students who are program-ready and does not include non-academic skills courses. Availability of degrees varies by campus. Contact your campus of interest below for more information.  AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY CERTIFICATES Short-term certificates are sequences of technical and professional courses that are industry focused and designed for workforce preparation. They provide access to targeted, short-term training in a discipline, and completers may sit for specific certification exams. Courses in certificate programs also apply toward technical certificates and associate degree programs in the subject area. Certificates currently offered in this field are: Alternative Fuels (19 credits) Completion leads to ASE F-1 Alternate Fuels and CSA CNG Fuel System Inspector, employment, and/or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information Automotive Electrical/Electronics (18 credits) Completion leads to preparation for the ASE Certification, employment and/or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information  Brakes and Suspension (18 credits) Completion leads to preparation for the ASE Certification, employment and/or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information  Diesel Electronics Controls (18 credits) Completion leads to taking the ASE Medium/Heavy Truck Technician T-6 Electrical/Electronic Systems Exam, employment, and or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information  Electric and Hybrid Vehicle (24 credits) Completion leads to ASE A-6 Automotive Electrical/Electronic Systems, New H- 9 Transit Bus Hybrid Vehicle, NAFTC First Responder, and NAFTC First Responder Hybrid Electric Vehicle Safety Training, employment, and/or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information  Engine Performance (18 credits) Completion leads to preparation for the ASE Certification, employment and/or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information  Power Train (19 credits) Completion leads to preparation for the ASE Certification, employment and/or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information  Truck Chassis Systems (17 credits) Completion leads to taking the ASE Medium/Heavy Truck Technician T-5 Suspension and Steering and T-8 Preventive Maintenance Inspection Exams, employment, and/or completion of an associate degree. Program and Employment Information  TECHNICAL CERTIFICATE IN AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY (Minimum of 31 credit hours) The Technical Certificate in Automotive Technology can be earned on the way to acquiring the Associate of Applied Science degree. Many available jobs require advanced education beyond the high school diploma. Technical Certificate programs provide education in conceptual and technical skills for specific occupations. The program content is designed to develop competency in the comprehension of general and technical skills. Certificate programs require mastery of basic reading, writing, mathematical and quantitative skills. Program and Employment Information  ASSOCIATE OF APPLIED SCIENCE IN AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY (Minimum of 67 credit hours) The Associate of Applied Science (AAS) degree in Automotive Technology will give you the knowledge and skills for career entry or advancement in a current job. Associate of Applied Science degree programs are two-year programs that prepare students for careers, career changes and career advancement. Students who need to take longer to complete the degree because of job or family obligations can take the program over a longer period of time. AAS programs may also prepare students for transfer to four-year institutions. These programs offer education in recognized technical areas and specialties with emphasis on analysis, synthesis and evaluation. The program content, which is approximately 30% general education and 70% professional/technical, provides depth and breadth in conceptual and professional/technical skills. The general education courses equip students with the problem solving, communications, scientific and mathematical skills to compete successfully in the job market. Professional/technical courses equip students with the skills to obtain employment and to advance in the workforce. LOCATIONS The Automotive Technology program is offered at the following campuses. Please click on the campus of interest below for contact and campus specific program information: Central Indiana (Indianapolis) Contact: Ron Finney, Chair (317) 269-9273 rfinney@ivytech.edu Local Curriculum Associate of Applied Science Degree Automotive Service GM ASEP Toyota T-TEN Automotive Management Motorsports Technical Certificate: Automotive Service Motorsports Motorcycle Technology Automotive Management Certificates Automotive Electrical/Electronics Certificate Brakes and Suspension Certificate Engine Performance Certificate Power Train Motorcycle T-TEN? T-TEN is a world class training program with the ultimate goal of training and placing Toyota and Lexus certified technicians in a dealership position. Toyota T-TEN is a cooperative education program that combines hands-on classroom training with paid in-dealership work experience. Students have the option of completing a 2 year AAS degree or a 1 year technical certificate. Upon completion: You will be Toyota Trained and Certified You will be ASE Certified You will have real world Toyota/Lexus Dealership Experience You will have a rewarding career as a Toyota/Lexus Certified Technician Successful graduates can obtain full time employment at a Toyota/Lexus dealership earning competitive starting wages in the $32,000 to $46,000 range. Dealership Master Technicians make over $80,000 per year. Successful graduates will also have earned their Associate of Applied Science degree or Technical Certificate, a minimum of 2 ASE certifications in addition to the Toyota Certifications. These students have the ability to transfer to many four year universities to earn a baccalaureate degree. For more information or to arrange a tour of the program, contact: Randy Fox (317) 269-9223 rfox2@ivytech.edu Ron Finney (317) 269-9273 rfinney@ivytech.edu GM ASEP The General Motors Automotive Service Education Program (GM ASEP) is a comprehensive two year Associate of Applied Science Degree, cooperative education training program where students alternate between classroom/lab work at the college and paid hands on work experience at a sponsoring GM Dealership or AC Delco Service facility. Upon successful completion of the program, students will have earned an Associate of Applied Science degree in Automotive Technology and completed up to 94% of the GM Service Technical College (STC) required training. These graduates are GM certified and ready to start a great fulltime career servicing GM vehicles. For More information or to apply, contact: Keith Huettl 317-269-9272 khuettl@ivytech.edu Andrew Deere 317-269-9232 adeere@ivytech.edu Ron Finney 317-269-9273 rfinney@ivytech.edu East Central (Anderson, Marion, Muncie, New Castle) Contact: Phil Morgan Program Chair 765.289.2291, ext. 1500 pjmorgan@ivytech.edu Auto Service AAS Auto Service TC Kokomo (Kokomo, Logansport, Wabash) Contact Rodni Lytle , dean, school of technology 765-457-0858, ext. 545 Michael Erny , program chair 800-459-0561, ext. 701 Lafayette Contact Eric Erskin Program Chair and Associate Professor, Automotive Technology (765) 269-5155 Automotive Technology Brochure (PDF) Local Curriculum ASSOCIATE of APPLIED SCIENCE (67-73 Credits) Emphasis on the following areas: Alternative Fuels Automotive Service Automotive Management TECHNICAL CERTIFICATE (31-33 Credits) Alternative Fuel Automotive Service CERTIFICATE (18-24 Credits) Alternative Fuel Automotive Electrical/Electronics Brakes and Suspension Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Technologies Engine Performance Power Train Ivy Institute of Technology The Ivy Institute offers accelerated programs in high-demand areas, including Automotive, that allow students to earn a new career in 40 weeks of laboratory/classroom instruction. Learn about the Ivy Institute of Technology. Watch WLFI's video about the Automotive Institute here . North Central (Elkhart, South Bend, Warsaw) Concentrations: Auto Service Automotive Service Management For more information contact Harry Smyers at 574-289-7001, ext. 5382 or hsmyers@ivytech.edu . Northeast (Fort Wayne) Contact: Bob Huffman, Program Chair 260-481-2247 rhuffman10@ivytech.edu Northwest (East Chicago, Gary, Michigan City, Valparaiso) Automotive Technology Program Chair Javier Rivera EC Campus (219)392-3600 Automotive Technology Student Academic Plan for 2011-12 Upon graduation from the School of Technology, Automotive Technology students will be able to: Take the ASE Certifications, nationally recognized exams, to use as a tangible example of their abilities to prospective employers. Will accurately diagnose and repair automotive malfunctions. Display ability to perform automotive services within industry established timelines. Practice federal, state, and local OSHA/EPA regulations for automotive services/repairs. Have the ability to locate and apply technical information. Understand ethical business practices and customer service practices. Richmond (Connersville, Richmond) Contact: Robert M. Frantz, Assistant Professor/Program Chair Automotive Technology Ivy Tech Community College - Richmond 2357 Chester Boulevard Richmond, IN 47374-1298 Fax:765-962-8741 Phone: 765-966-2656 x4016, Toll Free: 800-659-4562 x4016 Email: bfrantz@ivytech.edu www.ivytech.edu/richmond Local Curriculum  Associate of Applied Science  Automotive Service Automotive Service Management Certificate  Automotive Electrical/Electronics Brakes and Suspension Engine Performance Power Train Technical Certificate  Automotive Service Southwest (Evansville, Princeton, Tell City) Automotive Program Summary For more information, please contact J. Chris Kaufman , Program Chair, at (812) 429-0593. Wabash Valley (Greencastle, Terre Haute) Regional Degree Offerings: Associate of Applied Science (AAS) Degree Associate of Science (AS) Degree Certificate (C) Technical Certificate (TC) Concentrations in this Program: Alternative Fuel Technician (AAS or TC) Auto Body Repair (AAS or TC) Automotive/Electrical Electronics (C) Auto Service (AAS) Automotive Service Management (AAS or TC) Brakes and Suspension (C) Dealer Co-Op (AAS) Engine Performance (C) Heavy Truck/Diesel (AAS or TC) Motorsports (AAS) Power Train (C) Ivy Institute of Technology Accelerated Automotive Program Contact: Don Lumsdon, Program Chair 812-298-2453 dlumsdon@ivytech.edu Advisory Boards Career Information Where Do Graduates Work? Program Electives Other Info: General Technology Video Hybrid Vehicle Video Changing Lives Making Indiana Great. Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube (888) IVY-LINE  2013 Ivy Tech Community College About Accelerating Greatness Accreditation - Mission Administrative Directory Business/Bursar Office Campus Crime Statistics Career Services Corporate College Disability Supt. Services Diversity Economic Impact Employment at Ivy Tech Facilities Financial Reports  Docs Graduation Help Human Resources In the News Institutional Research Making Indiana Great Registrar Safety  Security Student Rights Trustees Tuition and Fees Why Ivy Tech Admissions Admissions Requirements Advising Apply Now Assessment Campus Connect Contact Us Credit for Prior Learning Dual Credit First Day of Class International Students New Students Orientation Paying for College Registering for Classes Request Information Selective Programs Transfer Opportunities Tuition and Fees Veterans Affairs Academics Academic Calendar College for Working Adults Course Catalog Courses and Curriculum Credit for Prior Learning Degree Programs A-Z Degrees and Certificates Degrees by Location Degrees by School Dual Credit Honors Program Ivy Institute Ivy Tech Online Personal Enrichment Transcript Request Transfer Opportunities Campuses Bloomington Central Indiana Columbus East Central Kokomo Lafayette North Central Northeast Northwest Richmond Southeast Southern Indiana Southwest Wabash Valley Financial Aid Contact Us Cost Estimator FAQ Financial Literacy Forms Grants How to Fill Out FAFSA Important Links Ivy Tech Debit Card Loans My Ivy Tech Policies Priority Dates Refunds Scholarships School Codes Tax Credit Verification Work Study Careers Giving Help Privacy Corporate College  Apprenticeships Certifications Course Offerings Meet the Team Online Training Register Now Request Information  