 skip to main content MetaFilter AskMeFi Projects Music Jobs Podcast IRL Chat MetaTalk Home FAQ Archives Tags Popular Best Of Random Login New User  Tags: art entertainment criticaltheory theory Share: Twitter Facebook Literature about art and entertainment analysis? September 10, 2011 6:37 AM Subscribe What are the important works of literature that analyze art and entertainment (ae) from an interdisciplinary, critical or literary perspective? I'm particularly interested in literature that advocates action or change in how ae are practiced. The intent being to better understand and appriciate but also getting inspiration to create more meaningful ae. posted by Foci for Analysis to media & arts (4 answers total) 2 users marked this as a favorite I'm particularly interested in literature that advocates action or change in how ae are practiced. The history of a rt manifestos in the modern era is really fascinating. They may seem dogmatic at first, but a lot of their rules are based on some very real and fascinating theory. You may have to get a little more specific in the kind of work you're looking for, because it seems like you've kinda just asked for the entire genre of art history and criticism. posted by Think_Long at 7:51 AM on September 10, 2011 Hmmm...that's a pretty broad question. Do you mean art and entertainment as one entity, or the intersection of the two? Things like art/aesthetic critique come to mind, people like: Adorno (specifically Philosophy of Modern Music, Aesthetic Theory and Culture Industry), Benjamin (specifically Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction ), Danto (specifically The End of Art and Transfiguration of the Commonplace), Cavell's The World Viewed (for film specifically), perhaps Focault (like Order of Things, Archeology of Knowledge). That's just the tip of the iceberg, and most of that is pretty abstract. Literary theory is a wide reaching topic and I'm no expert. posted by Lutoslawski at 9:14 AM on September 10, 2011 [ 1 favorite ] Think_Long, yeah, the question became really broad but that's because I need to educate myself on the basics. Lutoslawski, I was thinking of art and entertainment as one entitiy but intersection sounds equally interesting (too broad, I know!). Thanks for the suggestions, I think I'll start looking there. posted by Foci for Analysis at 10:33 AM on September 10, 2011 Try Hugo's Hunchback of Notre-Dame. Make sure it's a translation that hasn't pruned all of Hugo's magnificent tangents. Go to Book V Chapter II (in the Signet Classics version, anyway). Superficially, it doesn't advocate change, but it sort of does. The book will kill the edifice! It's fascinating, and if your goal is to create AE which is truly meaningful, this may at least help in defining meaningful. posted by deep thought sunstar at 8:35 PM on September 10, 2011  Older I am trying to learn more/unde...|The Pre-School my son attends ... Newer  This thread is closed to new comments. Related Questions Alain Badiou: Where should I start? January 26, 2011 How to be an (art) autodidact December 6, 2010 St. Louis email lists August 24, 2007 Great little movies. July 9, 2007 How do I figure out what I want in life? April 24, 2007  Features - Login - New User Links - Home - Search - Archives - Tags - About - MeFi Wiki Sites - MetaFilter - AskMeFi - Projects - Music - Jobs - IRL - MetaTalk Buy a Shirt   1999-2013 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts are  their original authors. FAQ | Contact 