 Take a tour | Free, 1-day trial | Log in Options Search Search by... Keyword Title Author Subject Publisher Results should have... All of these words Any of these words This exact phrase None of these words  Keyword searches may also use the operators  AND, OR, NOT, “ ”, ( )  New Research tutorials Research tutorials Browse our library Browse our library  By topic Art and Architecture Communication Economics and Business Education History Law Literature Music and Performing Arts Philosophy Politics and Government Psychology Religion Science and Technology Sociology and Anthropology By publication Books Free books Academic journals Magazines Newspapers Complete library index  Your projects Your projects Home  Browse   Books   Book details, Teaching Language and Literature in Elementary...  Teaching Language and Literature in Elementary Classrooms: A Resource Book for Professional Development By Marcia S. Popp 512 pages  Read a preview now Contributors: Marcia S. Popp Publisher: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates Place of publication: Mahwah, NJ Publication year: 1996 Subjects: Literature--Study And Teaching (Elementary) Language Arts (Elementary) Read the full-text book, try us out FREE today Search Synopsis The goal of this book -- a theoretically based, well-organized, useful guide for teaching -- is to help the beginning teacher create a classroom environment that integrates literacy development with learning in all areas of the curriculum. The major components of an integrated language program are identified, and the skills teachers need to implement this kind of program in their own classrooms are described. Designed to be kept and used as a resource in the classroom, this text provides fundamental ... The goal of this book -- a theoretically based, well-organized, useful guide for teaching -- is to help the beginning teacher create a classroom environment that integrates literacy development with learning in all areas of the curriculum. The major components of an integrated language program are identified, and the skills teachers need to implement this kind of program in their own classrooms are described. Designed to be kept and used as a resource in the classroom, this text provides fundamental information about language arts teaching. A constructivist orientation, an emphasis on teachers as reflective decision makers, and vivid portrayals of the classroom as a community of learners and inquirers are woven throughout the book. Key features include: • a wealth of models, suggestions, and step-by-step guidelines for introducing integrated teaching and learning practices into elementary classrooms at the kindergarten, primary, and intermediate levels; • a focus on relevant research in language arts and professional teacher development; • true-to-life classroom narratives that model instructional strategies and demonstrate interactions between real teachers and students; and • an innovative chapter format that makes the text accessible as a resource for student, beginning, and experienced teachers. Show more  Related books and articles at Questia  Books   Academic journal articles   Magazine articles   Newspaper articles   Encyclopedia articles  Teacher Inquiries in Literacy Teaching-Learning: Learning to Collaborate in Elementary Urban Classrooms   Christine C. Pappas; Liliana Barro Zecker.   Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, 2001 Read preview Reader Response in Elementary Classrooms: Quest and Discovery   Nicholas J. Karolides.   Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, 1997 Read preview The Language Arts in the Elementary School   Ruth G. Strickland.   D. C. Heath, 1957 Read preview Children's Literature and Computer-Based Teaching   Len Unsworth; Angela Thomas; Alyson Simpson; Jennifer L. Asha.   Open University Press, 2005 Read preview Integrating Art and Language Arts through Children's Literature   Debi Englebaugh.   Teachers Ideas, 2003 Read preview Nutrition Messages in Language Arts and Mathematics Textbooks Used in English Elementary Schools in Montreal   Baron, Vita.  Journal of School Health, Vol. 60, No. 9, November 1990 Read preview Knowing and Teaching Elementary Language Arts : A Math Lesson for English Teachers   Bowe, Greg.  The Western Journal of Black Studies, Vol. 33, No. 4, Winter 2009 Read preview A Model of Academic Enablers and Elementary Reading/ language Arts Achievement   DiPerna, James Clyde Elliott, Stephen N. Volpe, Robert J..  School Psychology Review, Vol. 31, No. 3, Summer 2002 Read preview Theoretical Soundness, Proven Effectiveness, and Implementation Fidelity of the HOSTS Language Arts Program among Children Identified as At-Risk in Urban Elementary Schools   Senesac, Barbara V. Burns, Matthew K..  Journal of Instructional Psychology, Vol. 35, No. 2, June 2008 Read preview Teachers' Needs and Predesigned Instructional Practices: An Analysis of a Reading/ language Arts Coursebook for a Second Grade Class   Ajayi, Lasisi.  Reading Improvement, Vol. 42, No. 4, Winter 2005 Read preview Language Arts and Elementary STEM   Claymier, Bob.  Childrens Technology and Engineering, Vol. 17, No. 1, September 2012 Read preview Language Arts and Elementary STEM   Claymier, Bob.  Childrens Technology and Engineering, Vol. 17, No. 1, September 2012 Read preview Reading, Writing, and Podcasting: Elementary Schools Create Engaging Language Arts Activities with Palm Handhelds   Palmer, Gina Adams.  District Administration, Vol. 42, No. 6, June 2006 Read preview Promoting Language Arts through Vocabulary Development with Internet Resources in the Elementary Classroom   Lazaros, Edward J..  Childrens Technology and Engineering, Vol. 17, No. 1, September 2012 Read preview Promoting Language Arts through Vocabulary Development with Internet Resources in the Elementary Classroom   Lazaros, Edward J..  Childrens Technology and Engineering, Vol. 17, No. 1, September 2012 Read preview Language Arts Curriculum Change Nearing   Martin, Catherine.  Columbia Daily Tribune (Columbia, MO), September 5, 2010 Read preview Language Arts Curriculum Change Nearing   Martin, Catherine.  Columbia Daily Tribune (Columbia, MO), September 6, 2010 Read preview Language Arts Plan Goes to School Board   Martin, Catherine.  Columbia Daily Tribune (Columbia, MO), October 10, 2010 Read preview School Board Given Wrong Language Arts Data   Martin, Catherine.  Columbia Daily Tribune (Columbia, MO), November 9, 2010 Read preview Mcgraw-Hill Launches Innovative Language Textbooks   Nichols, Max.  THE JOURNAL RECORD, May 7, 1988 Read preview See all 4,700 related books and articles Table of contents The first page of every section is available free to non-members  click a section heading to start reading now!   Title Page    iii  Contents    vii  To the Instructor    xv  To the Beginning Teacher    xix  To the Experienced Teacher    xxi  Acknowledgments    xxiii  Chapter One   -  Integrating Language Learning in the Elementary Classroom  1  Notes    30  Chapter Two   -  Reading Aloud  33  Notes    57  Chapter Three   -  Independent Reading  61  Notes    87  Chapter Four   -  Creating a Literature Base  91  Notes    123  Chapter Five   -  Shared and Guided Reading  129  Notes    166  Title Page    iii   Contents    vii   To the Instructor    xv   To the Beginning Teacher    xix   To the Experienced Teacher    xxi   Acknowledgments    xxiii   Chapter One  -   Integrating Language Learning in the Elementary Classroom   1   Notes    30   Chapter Two  -   Reading Aloud   33   Notes    57   Chapter Three  -   Independent Reading   61   Notes    87   Chapter Four  -   Creating a Literature Base   91   Notes    123   Chapter Five  -   Shared and Guided Reading   129   Notes    166   Chapter Six  -   Individual Reading Conferences   169   Notes    205   Chapter Seven  -   Listening and Speaking   213   Notes    259   Chapter Eight  -   Writing to Learn   261   Notes    316   Chapter Nine  -   Mini-Lessons   319   Notes    350   Chapter Ten  -   Using Media and Technology to Support Language Learning   353   Notes    383   Chapter Eleven  -   Exploring the Curriculum with Language, Literature and Themes   385   Notes    430   Chapter Twelve  -   Language and Literature in Three Classrooms   433   Notes    474   Index    477 Show entire table of contents Related topics at Questia Teaching Literature Teaching Language Arts Teaching English Teaching Kindergarten Related topic categories at Questia Education Curriculum and Instruction Arts and Humanities Education Reading Early, Elementary, and Secondary Education  About us Take a tour For educators Blog Affiliates Help User Agreements Privacy policy Contact us Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Google+ Follow us on You Tube  Questia is operated by Cengage Learning . Copyright  2013. All rights reserved.  The Questia advertising network includes:  SiteCatalyst code version: H.10. Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc. More info available at http://www.omniture.com 