  Search our  2013  Asheville NC Travel Guide Home Bed  Breakfast Small Bed  Breakfast Large Inns  Hotels Cabins  Cottages Packages  Specials Blue Ridge Parkway Biltmore Estate Downtown Asheville Top 20 Outings Restaurants Wedding Locations Indoor Attractions Outdoors Guide Top 50 Hikes Best 40 Waterfalls Great Smoky Mtns Mt. Mitchell Spas Fall Color Events Maps  Weather News  Updates Gay  Lesbian Video Guides Ask/Tell Us Get Email Updates follow us on   Top Asheville Art Events, Tours, Festivals  Shows 2013 Also See: Events Calendar | Art Galleries | River Arts District Guide | Downtown Asheville | Penland School | EnergyXchange Studio | Top 10 Art Outings | Asheville Arts Council Gallery | Folk Art Center Exhibition | Top 20 Asheville Summer Festivals  Events | Art of Mountains  Parkway | Asheville Art Museum | Folk Art Center Art Show | River Arts District Events | Learning Vacation  Workshops The Asheville art scene is booming. Each year, more artist studio tours, events and art shows appear. Here are our favorite annual Asheville art events. Plan your next trip around one of these! AmericanStyle Magazine names Asheville as the Number One Small City for Arts in USA Asheville Art Events  Festivals Calendar For art any day of the year (along with special openings and shows), see our Asheville Gallery Guide or visit the Folk Art Center or Folk Art Center with rotating exhibitions. NC Art Book features Mountain Paintings February 22-24, 2013: Arts  Crafts Antique Show and Conference For the past nineteen years Arts and Crafts enthusiasts - including new collectors, veterans, curators, craftsperson, authors, builders, architects, designers, editors, and bungalow owners - have traveled to the Blue Ridge Mountains and The Grove Park Inn for this show. Admission. Read more about the Arts and Crafts Conference April 5, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday April 20, 2013: Potters of Madison County 26 ceramic artists from the Southeast showcase diverse contemporary selection at the Marshall High Studios in downtown Marshall , 9 AM-5 PM. No admission fee. April 27, 2013: Fire on the Mountain Blacksmith Festival  Held in Downtown Spruce Pine from 10 AM-4 PM featuring vendors, live demonstrations, hands-on tent with rotating teachers and visiting blacksmiths from around the region and country. April 27, 2013: Greening Up the Mountain  Annual street festival in Sylva that features music, art and craft. Read more about Greening Up the Mountain. April 27-28, 2013: Weaverville Art Safari Weaverville, 10 miles north of Asheville, is the home and workplace of many of the area artists. The core activities of the Weaverville Art Safari are self-guided driving tours of the various artists' studios, tucked away in the countryside communities of Weaverville, Barnardsville, and Alexander. Free. Read more about the Weaverville Art Safari. May 3, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday May 4-5, 2013: Blue to Black Art Weekend From the BLUE Ridge Parkway to BLACK Mountain, a driving, free self-guided driving tour in East Asheville and a walking tour in downtown Black Mountain. Visit any or all of the 40 studios during the tour, whether you area serious art patron or just a browser of beautiful and interesting works. Saturday  Sunday, 10 AM-6 PM. Special events on Thursday and Friday prior. Read more about the Blue to Black Art Weekend May 4-5, 2013: Art Trek Tryon Approximately 40 artists in Tryon , Saluda , Columbus, NC and Landrum, SC open their studios to the public free of charge. May 9-12, 2013: Lake Eden Arts Festival  Celebrate Music, Discover Community, and Experience Culture at LEAF in a beautiful lakefront setting near Black Mountain (about 12 miles from downtown Asheville). Five Stages of Folk  World, Bluegrass, Blues, African, Celtic, and jams with headline performers. Handcrafts, folk art, dancing, Poetry SLAM, healing arts workshops, water recreation, and camping. Admission. See our LEAF Guide May 11, 2013: Second Saturdays in River Arts District Join the artists of the River Arts District the second Saturday, May-December, for a day of artist demonstrations, classes, open studios and fun. Spend the day hopping from studio to studio to view a range of mediums and an abundance of creativity. See our River Arts District Events May 11-12, 2013: Fiber Weekend Fiber Weekend is Mothers Day weekend with craftspeople at the Folk Art Center sharing their inspiration and expertise in a variety of textile arts. Demonstrations on Saturday include: quilting and appliqu, doll making, weaving, mixed media fiber arts, clothing design, printing and surface design, tapestry weaving, and natural dyeing. On Sunday, see the Handmade Wearables Fashion Show. Free. Read more about the Folk Art Center. May 18, 2013: Montford Arts and Music Festival This street festival, including musical acts, food, and a juried art show, highlight the artistic strength of one of Ashevilles oldest neighborhoods. This festival is free to the public, and sponsored by the Montford Neighborhood Association. Free.  Go to their Web site . May 18, 2013: Saluda Arts Festival The quaint mountain village of Saluda celebrates its heritage and arts culture from 10 AM to 5 PM on Historic Main Street in downtown Saluda. See a dazzling diversity of 2D and 3D art media including oil, watercolor, and acrylic paintings, pottery, wood turning, blacksmithing, sculpture, jewelry, painted furniture, stained glass, and more. Music representing Americana, blues, folk, and contemporary will be ongoing. Go to their Web site . May 25-26, 2013: Kenilworth Artists Open Studio Tour Kenilworth neighborhood, just five minutes from downtown Asheville, annual Open Studio Tour features 20+ jewelers, painters, glass-workers, fabric artists, potters, woodworkers, photographers, and more! They open their studio doors to welcome visitors for sales and demonstrations. 10AM-5PM. See our Kenilworth Art Studio Tour Guide. May 25, 2013: Burnsville Spring Arts Festival  Food, live music and handmade crafts from 10 AM-4 PM on the Burnsville Town Square. Free. June 1, 2013: Clay Day at Folk Art Center This free event (10AM-4PM) features craft demonstrations and hands-on activities for children and adults. Members of the Southern Highland Craft Guild demonstrate throwing on the potter's wheel, hand building and surface design on clay, among other techniques.A highlight of the day is the Make and Take Raku Firing. Buy a $10 pot, glaze it and watch as expert potters raku fire it for you. Raku is a ceramic firing process which uses fire and smoke to create unique patterns and designs. Read more about the Folk Art Center . June 7, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday June-December 2013: Sculpture for the Garden Exhibition Grovewood Gallery in Asheville presents its annual outdoor sculpture invitational with contemporary sculptures by nationally-recognized artists. Sculptures range from playful pieces suitable for the home or garden, to works for public spaces and corporate settings. This event is open to the public and free of charge. Read more about Sculpture for the Garden. June 7-9, 2013: Toe River Studio Tour About an hour north of Asheville, tucked in the lush green mountains is one of the finest collections of artists and craftsmen in the world and the acclaimed Penland School of Crafts . A unique blend of contemporary and traditional cultures. More than 100 fine artists and crafts people in every medium open their studios for a free, self-guided cultural adventure. Free. Read more about Toe River Studio Tour. June 8-9, 2013: River District Artists Studio Stroll The Studio Stroll is your chance to tour the studios, meet with the artists and purchase artwork. Within just a few blocks are dozens of eclectic mix of creative artists - from traditional to cutting-edge. Near downtown Asheville. Free. Read more about the River Arts District . June 15, 2013: Bluff Mountain Festival This free, family-friendly festival in Hot Springs features great old-time and bluegrass music, ballads, clogging and square dance, and a silent auction and raffle of regional art work, local crafts, vacation packages, and more. The festival produced by MadisonCounty Arts Council, begins at 10 AM, offers an array of delicious foods and ends with a square dance until dark.  Go to Madison County Arts Web site. June 6, 2013: Dillsboro Rafters  Crafters  Traditional  contemporary mountain crafts from juried artists, fine art, live music, dance and storytelling. Front Street in the center of Dillsboro is lined with tents featuring all kinds of art and fine crafts. 10 AM-5 PM. Free. June 15, 22  29, 2013: Asheville Art in the Park See fine arts and crafts Saturdays in Pack Square Park in downtown. Read more about Art in the Park June 22-23, 2013: Blue Ridge Mountains Arts  Crafts Show Held indoors at the Haywood County Fairgrounds located on Highway 209 (758 Crabtree Road) near Waynesville and Lake Junaluska, 8 AM-5 PM with 50 crafters offering all handmade items. Free parking. Go to their Web site June 29-30, 2013: Summertime Art  Crafts Show Held in the Ramsey Center arena on the campus of Western Carolina University in Cullowhee, the show is home to some of the most respected and unique artisans in the Appalachian Mountains with more than 100 exhibitors showcasing their contemporary and heritage art  crafts. An array of items will be displayed for sale, including: fine art, woodworking, pottery, weaving and gourd art. Heritage crafts such as shaker brooms, pine needle baskets and folk dolls will also be available, along with heirloom fabric items. Go to the Summertime Art  Crafts Web site . July 5, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday July 6-7, 2013: FreedomArts  Crafts Show The Blue Ridge Artists and Crafters Association, a local nonprofit group has an indoor show with approximately 50 crafters, free parking, free admission, and food at Haywood County Fairgrounds in Waynesville . Go to their Web site . July 13, 2013: Second Saturdays in River Arts District Join the artists of the River Arts District the second Saturday, May-December, for a day of artist demonstrations, classes, open studios and fun. Spend the day hopping from studio to studio to view a range of mediums and an abundance of creativity. See our River Arts District Events July 18-21, 2013: Craft Fair of the Southern Highlands  The Craft Fair, held in the Civic Center in downtown Asheville, has been an eagerly anticipated event in the mountains since 1948. The fair showcases work by members of the Southern Highland Craft Guild, with over 900 members throughout the mountain regions of nine states. Members' work must be juried and accepted by a committee of peers, based on quality, design and craftsmanship. Admission.  See our Craft Fair of the Southern Highlands Guide. July 19-21, 2013: Fine Art and Mastercraft Festival This outdoor show in Banner Elk is strictly fine art and master crafts by invitation only by a juried process. Mixed media, jewelry, sculpture, blown and stained glass, pottery, painting, photography, textiles, unique craft, furniture, and wood. Opens Friday at 4 PM. July 20, 2013: International Festival Day  Main Street, Haywood County Arts Council  FOLKMOOT USA join together to present a daylong extravaganza of music, dance, crafts  food from around the world. 10 AM 5 PM  See our Folkmoot International Festival Guide . July 26-28, 2013: Bele Chere  Many artists display at the largest free outdoor street festival in the Southeast, in downtown Asheville. See our Bele Chere Guide . August 2, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday August 2-3, 2013: Mt. Mitchell Crafts Fair, Downtown Burnsville The streets of this Norman Rockwell town come to life for this special festival. Quality crafters will display hand-made furniture, wrought iron, blown glass, beaded jewelry, locally-made quilts, home-made jams and jellies, and a wonderful collection of food vendors. 9 a.m.-6 p.m. Friday; 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday. See our Mt. Mitchell Crafts Fair Guide. August 3-4, 2013: Village Art  Craft Fair  Held on the grounds of the Cathedral of All Souls in Biltmore Village near the entrance to the Biltmore Estate, the fair hosts 125 artists from 20 states representing the full spectrum of craft media - jewelry, ceramic, wood, fiber, metals, two-dimensional art and more. Free. See our Village Art  Craft Fair Guide August 10, 2013: Wood Day Wood Day is an event that brings together the woodworkers of the Southern Highland Craft Guild to demonstrate a wide range of woodworking techniques and skills. This event takes place at the Folk Art Center from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Free. August 10, 2013: Second Saturdays in River Arts District Join the artists of the River Arts District the second Saturday, May-December, for a day of artist demonstrations, classes, open studios and fun. Spend the day hopping from studio to studio to view a range of mediums and an abundance of creativity. See our River Arts District Events August 10-12, 2013: Sourwood Festival There's always plenty to see and do at this free street festival in downtown Black Mountain with great music and lots of fun, and of course lots of great mountain cookin'. Held each year in August, it's a time for good food, good fun and good friends. Alcohol-free. Go to their Web site. August 16-18, 2013: Fine Art and Mastercraft Festival This outdoor show in Banner Elk is strictly fine art and master crafts by invitation only by a juried process. Mixed media, jewelry, sculpture, blown and stained glass, pottery, painting, photography, textiles, unique craft, furniture, and wood. Opens Friday at 4 PM. August 17-18, 2013: Come to Leicester Studio Tour Take a free, self-guided tour to 23 studios and shops in Leicester, a community nestled in the mountains near Asheville. A detailed tour map will be available at every tour stop. 10 AM-6 PM Go to the Leicester Studio Tour Web site. September 1, 2013: LAAFF Street Festival This fantastically fabulous, freaky jam-packed day will showcase the many diverse talents that Asheville has to offer with all local art, food, beer and street performers. Free. Read more details about LAAFF . Septebmer 6, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday September 12-14, 2013: Carolina Mountains Literary Festival  Readers and writers alike will love this literary festival. The weekend in Burnsville will provide intimate settings for novice writers and fans to listen to panel discussions, converse with authors, participate in workshops, and have books signed. Admission. Go to the Literary Festival Web site. September 14, 2013: Second Saturdays in River Arts District Join artists of the River Arts District the second Saturday, May-December, for a day of artist demonstrations, classes, open studios and fun. View a range of mediums and an abundance of creativity. See our River Arts District Events September 21-22, 2013: Heritage Weekend  This is the Southern Highland Craft Guilds weekend to celebrate heritage crafts of the Appalachian Mountains. Guild members and other traditional craftspeople show craft techniques with hand tools, native materials, and lots of ingenuity through demonstrations in the native arts at the Folk Art Center . In addition to crafts, several other traditional aspects of Appalachian life will be featured, such as traditional music and storytelling. Dont miss the Annual World Gee Haw Whimmy Diddle Competition on Saturday, 2-3 PM. Read more about Heritage Weekend at Folk Art Center. September 21, 2013: Art in Autumn Downtown Weaverville street festival with more than 100 juried artists and craftspeople, along with an exciting array of food and live music. 10am-5pm on Main Street. Six miles north of Asheville. Free. Go to their Web site. September 27-29, 2013: Asheville Quilt Show Held at the WNC Ag Center with 200+ competition quilts on display, plus quilting skills demonstrations, vendors and quilts for sale. Fri  Sat, 9-5 and Sunday 10-5 September 28, 2013: Heritage Craft Weekend at NC Arboretum Celebrate Southern Appalachian traditions with artists and crafters whose work reflects the heritage of Western North Carolina. Much of the artistic expression of mountain crafts originates from the character and nature of plants. Read more about NC Arboretum Events. September 28-29, 2013: Open Studio Tour in Henderson County Take a self-guided tour of the studios of 40 painters, sculptors, potters, jewelers, weavers, woodworkers and glass artists in the Flat Rock and Hendersonville area. Free admission. Download a map online or stop by the Henderson County Visitor Center in downtown Hendersonville. Go to their Web site. . October 4, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday October 5, 2013: Color Fest, Art  Taste of Appalachia 40 local demonstrating artists who will fill the picturesque town of Dillsboro neary Sylva with color. See artists painting at easels under colorful umbrellas, hear stands of music blossoming through the doorways, and experience a delicious taste of NC foods and wines. 10 AM-4 PM. Free October 5, 12  19, 2013: Asheville Art in the Park See fine arts and crafts on Saturdays at Pack Square Park in downtown. Read more about Art in the Park October 12, 2013: Church Street Art  Craft Show Main Street in downtown Waynesville is transformed into an art  craft marketplace for this one-day event; widely known as one of the finest juried art shows in the region. Live mountain music  clogging, entertainment, food. 10 AM-5 PM. October 12, 2013: Second Saturdays in River Arts District Join the artists of the River Arts District the second Saturday, May-December, for a day of artist demonstrations, classes, open studios and fun. Go from studio to studio to view a range of mediums and an abundance of creativity. See our River Arts District Events October 12-13, 2013: Spruce Pine Potter's Market This unique gathering of the regions greatest potters and clay artists features wonderful food and beautiful handmade pottery on a colorful autumn weekend at the historic 31 Cross Street Building. Admission is free. October 12-13, 19-20, 2013: Fall LeavesArts  Crafts Show The Blue Ridge Artists and Crafters Association, a local nonprofit group has an indoor show with approximately 50 crafters, free parking, free admission, and food at Haywood County Fairgrounds in Waynesville . Go to their Web site . October 12-13, 2013: Blue to Black Art Weekend From the BLUE Ridge Parkway to BLACK Mountain, a driving, self-guided driving tour in East Asheville and a walking tour in downtown Black Mountain. Visit any or all of the 40 studios during the tour, whether you area serious art patron or just a browser of beautiful and interesting works. Saturday  Sunday, 10 AM-6 PM. Read more about the Blue to Black Art Weekend October 17-20, 2013: Craft Fair of the Southern Highlands  The Craft Fair, held in the Civic Center in downtown Asheville, has been an eagerly anticipated event in the mountains since 1948. The fair showcases work by members of the Southern Highland Craft Guild, with over 900 members throughout the mountain regions of nine states. Members' work must be juried and accepted by a committee of peers, based on quality, design and craftsmanship. Admission.  Go to the Craft Fair of the Southern Highlands Guide. October 17-20, 2013: Lake Eden Arts Festival Celebrate Music, Discover Community, and Experience Culture at LEAF in a beautiful lakefront setting near Black Mountain (about 12 miles from downtown Asheville). 5 Stages of Folk  World, Bluegrass, Blues, African, Celtic, and jams with headline performers. Handcrafts, folk art, dancing, Poetry SLAM, healing arts workshops, water recreation, and camping. Admission. See our LEAF Guide. November 1, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday November 2-3, 2013: Weaverville Art Safari Weaverville, 10 miles north of Asheville, is the home and workplace of many of the area artists. The core activities of the Weaverville Art Safari are self-guided driving tours of the various artists' studios, tucked away in the countryside communities of Weaverville, Barnardsville, and Alexander. Free. Read more about the Weaverville Art Safari. November 2, 2013: Western North Carolina Pottery Festival  A juried event in Dillsboro with approximately 45 potters from across the Southeast, including members of the Southern Highland Craft Guild. Includes demostrations and Raku firings, as well as featured national potter John Fulwood of New Jersey. Annual highlight is the midday opening of the coffin wood kiln at Tree House Pottery. See our Pottery Festival Guide. November 9-10, 2013: River District Artists Studio Stroll  The Studio Stroll is your chance to tour the studios, meet with the artists and purchase artwork. Within just a few blocks are dozens of eclectic mix of creative artists - from traditional to cutting-edge. Near downtown Asheville. Free. Read more about the River Arts District. November 29-30, 2013: Hard Candy Christmas Arts  Crafts Show Held at the Western Carolina University Ramsey Center in Cullowhee. A perennial favorite for unique regional arts and crafts at great prices. 100+ potters, glass artists, wood craft, folk dolls, and hard to find Old World Santas and ornaments. Go to their Web site .  December 7  14, 2013 Guild Artist Holiday Sale at Folk Art Center . December 6-8. 2013: Toe River Studio Tour About an hour north of Asheville, tucked in the lush green mountains is one of the finest collections of artists and craftsmen in the world and the acclaimed Penland School of Crafts . A unique blend of contemporary and traditional cultures. More than 100 fine artists and crafts people in every medium open their studios for a free, self-guided cultural adventure. Free. Read more about Toe River Studio Tour. December 6, 2013: Downtown Asheville Art Walk (First Friday Every Month April-December) Visit 25 galleries, museums, and jewelry studios within a walkable half mile radius of downtown with fun-filled evening full of exceptional art and activities, 5-8 PM. See our Asheville Gallery Guide for places to visit everyday December 14, 2013: Second Saturdays in River Arts District Join the artists of the River Arts District the second Saturday, May-December, for a day of artist demonstrations, classes, open studios and fun. Spend the day hopping from studio to studio to view a range of mediums and an abundance of creativity. See our River Arts District Events  More: Pet-Friendly | NC Arboretum | Chimney Rock | Beer Brewery  Pubs | River Arts District | Madison County | DuPont Forest Waterfalls | Linville Falls | Hunger Games | Zip Line Tours | Shopping | Biltmore Village | Art Galleries | Lake Lure | Cherokee | Hendersonville | Highlands | Waynesville | Hot Springs | Black Mountain | Golf | Ski Resorts | Sliding Rock | Grandfather Mtn | Christmas at Biltmore | Whitewater Rafting | Site Directory Official romantic guide for vacations in Asheville and the North Carolina Mountains Google +  