  Search Site  Since 1969, restaurant, hotel, travel & other witty reviews by a handpicked, worldwide team of discerning professionalsand your views, too.   Auto Main Reviews Car of the Month Features Top 10 Car Lists Alternative Fuel News Products Books Links New Car Price Quotes Photo Gallery AUTOMOBILES Photo Gallery Videos Car of the Month Auto Events Auto Shows Auto Racing Brands Browse by Type TOP TEN CARS Top 10 Electric Cars Top 10 Fuel Efficient Top 10 Hybrid Cars Top 10 Small Cars Top 10 City Cars Top 10 Hatchbacks Top 10 SUVs Top 10 Small SUVs Top 10 Crossovers Top 10 Value Cars Top 10 Cheap Cars Top 10 Luxury Sedans Top 10 Family Sedans Top 10 Cars for Moms Top 10 Station Wagons Top 10 Dog-Friendly Cars Top 10 Convertibles Top 10 Romantic Cars Top 10 Fun-to-Drive Cars Top 10 Sports Coupes Top 10 4-Door Sports Cars Top 10 Classic Cars Top 10 Exotics Top 10 Fastest Cars Top 10 Best New Cars Top 10 Best Selling Top 10 Crossover Vehicles Stylish rides with plenty of substance  The Best Crossovers You Can Drive T he  combination of high fuel prices, not wanting a mommy-mobile  and maybe just a bit of common sense has swayed buyers  into shopping for crossovers. SUV owners who finally  realized that they didnt need all of the fuel-robbing  bulk and family chauffeurs seeking more style have  found crossover vehicles to be an excellent compromise.  The typical crossover consists of a passenger car chassis,  high seating position for a better view and a large  cargo area. Most are available with all-wheel drive  and some offer seating for as many as eight. Like any  other type of vehicle, they range from bare bones to  ultra-chic, and market segments are becoming more crowded. View the following car reviews for our top ten favorite crossovers. Intro 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next  Previously Featured Crossover Vehicles Browse All Crossovers Tell us your favorite crossover in GAYOT's Forum RELATED FEATURES How to Buy the Best SUV Sport utility vehicles may be all the rage nowadays, but they've been around for decades. If you are looking to buy one, read our blog to find out more about the variety of options available on the market. Top 10 Small SUVs Featuring many of the perks of traditional SUVs while alleviating much of the burden experienced at the pump, these vehicles are the perfect choice for adventure seekers and soccer moms alike. Top 10 Station Wagons Forget the frumpy, faux-wood-adorned cars of road trips past. Today's wagons are sleek and smart utility vehicles that offer extra convenience and cargo room without forgoing that cool factor. PSV062408 (Updated: 04/04/13 NW)  TOP 10 BOTTLED WATERS Take the guesswork out of your next grocery trip with GAYOT's list of the Top 10 Bottled Waters, featuring the best H2O from around the world. TOP 10 SEXY BOOKS From Henry Miller to France's most controversial libertine, GAYOT has compiled ten of the naughtiest novels ever written.  ABOUT Who We Are On TV and Radio Partners Affiliates Mobile Contact Us RSS Feed NEWSLETTERS Restaurant Issue Hotel Issue Tastes Wine Hawaii Issue The Food Paper GUIDES Guide to Romance Events Savings Travel Agency Travel Destinations Videos FOOD & DRINK Chef Interviews Reserve a Table Food Tea Top 10 Wines Wine of the Week Wine Pairing Spirits COMMUNITY Blog Forum Google + YouTube Pinterest Social Media Press | About Us | Site News | Rating System | Sitemap | Advertising | Content Licensing Copyright  1996-2013 GAYOT  All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Disclaimer Terms of Use GAYOT (pronounced guy-OH) The Guide To The Good Life  