      Michel Lauziere TOPICS Variety Entertainment Comedian Humor Arts/Music/Drama FEE CATEGORY*: 5.0k to 10.0k TRAVELS FROM: Quebec Video Profile Testimonials/Client List  Add to Folio Email Profile Print Profile Request Speaker  Michel Lauziere: Profile How can one best define Michel Lauziere? He is a combination of inventor, acrobat, comedian and musician rolled into one charismatic "Master of unusual comedy." From entering his famous huge balloon to playing classical music with his unique horn suit, or playing popular themes with water guns, dishes or absolutely anything he can find, Michel Lauziere reveals some of the most original and unique sight gags ever performed. He began his solo career in 1989, after working with a partner for a few years. Since then, he has performed in more than 50 countries, on the 5 continents. He has done TV shows, festivals, corporate events, commercials or one-man-shows in over 400 cities, including Beijing, Hong-Kong, Tokyo, Seoul, Singapore, Buenos Aires, Santiago de Chile, Lima, Bogota, Caracas, Mexico City, Miami, New-York, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Toronto, Montreal, Paris, London, Rome, Milan, Monte-Carlo, Madrid, Barcelona, Seville, Marrakech, Lisbon, Amsterdam, Brussels, Berlin, Munich, Oslo, Innsbruck, Zurich, Vienna, Budapest, Athens, Dubai, and Istanbul. Michel Lauziere has presented his full show in English, French, Spanish, German, Italian, and Japanese. Also, for TV appearances, he can perform short visual and musical numbers, learning just a few efficient punch lines in any language! With numerous appearances on the most prestigious television networks in Europe, Asia, South America, North America (guest on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno and on the Late Show with David Letterman ) and with several viral clips on the Web, Michel Lauzière ranks among the most appreciated visual comedians in the world. Artist of universal appeal, Lauzière is one of the few comedian-performers who can charm and entertain audiences of all social backgrounds, all ages, and all cultures. IMPORTANT FAQS & TIPS Please read this important advice FAQ before booking a speaker. Here are some valuable event planning tips . Please note that while this speaker's specific fee falls within the range posted (for Continental U.S. based events) at the top of this page, fees are subject to change without notice. For current fee information or international event fees (which are generally 50-75% more than U.S based event fees), please contact Speakers Platform.  