Home Theater Acting Music Fine Art Dance Rock Film Circus Sports Waterfront Camp Fun About Camp Dates-Rates Reviews Request Info Galleries Camp Tour Forms-Apps News-Cam Boys The Performing arts and fine arts are the core of our camp and every camper has the opportunity to shine no matter what their level of interest or experience. Campers at Long Lake select an individual program based on their desires for a wonderful summer. Our campers wish to pursue a summer immersed in the arts and some may wish to enjoy sports and take advantage of a spectacular waterfront too. We provide the means to explore exciting new ideas and balance them with traditional summer fun. Long Lake Camp For The Arts, the place for individuals to come together and create! Our aim is to provide a sense of belonging to campers from all over the world. In a nurturing environment to create, learn and grow. Our campers help and inspire each other rather than compete. Unique to Long Lake is our Unit Leaders program. They are an outstanding group of caring people ensuring that our campers and parents enjoy all they can from their camp experience. Unit Leaders are assigned small groups of campers to help and guide in addition to our mature, caring bunk staff. At Long Lake Camp nature and the arts are complimentary elements. Here is the most majestic of physical settings on a lake surrounded by the fabled Adirondack Mountains and a program that brings exciting opportunities to performing and visual arts. Our housing is the very best and unlike any other camp. We have beautiful fieldstone and timber houses with gorgeous rooms, custom designed for today's campers needs. Our campus, a 200-acre former private estate, lies on the western shore of Long Lake. Lawns slope to clear blue water at a wide lakefront; graceful fieldstone buildings have been converted and modernized for camp use. The timbered part of our property merges with the great Adirondack Park which surrounds us. This is deep, dramatic country spanning six million acres with 46 peaks rising high above 4,000 feet with thousands of lakes and streams and unspoiled abundant forest. A truly magnificent setting that is appreciated by our campers and inspires them to create! You will be inspired by our extraordinarily gifted and nurturing staff members especially chosen for their unique ability to reach young people. Professionals, teachers, directors, artists and counselors who are eager to share their knowledge and talents. The heads of our creative departments have each work for us for 10 years or more guaranteeing our very high quality and consistence in caring for our campers. Whether singing, acting, painting, dancing or playing an instrument, campers thrive from belonging to a group going in the same direction. Our arts and outing programs are balanced by a variety of field and water sports as well as exciting evening activities. Social activities are not separate events but rather a part of an ongoing process where campers get to know one another in an easy, day to day manner. At Long Lake Camp for the Arts every camper has the opportunity and is encouraged to try many new creative activities. Long Lakers enjoy our RYLEE CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS a spectacular auditorium designed specifically for our 18 Musical Theater and Dance Productions and two additional sound stages for rehearsals and acting classes. In addition Long Lake has a 450 seat Theater especially for our 24 Straight Plays, Comedies and Instrumental Performances, along with our Rays Playhouse for all of our One Act Plays. There are numerous rehearsal stages, music studios and over 20 fine artists-in-residence in our Fine Arts Building (THE FAB) helping to make Long Lake- the Summer Camp to create and perform among new friends. There are over 160 hand-picked staff members, working professionals, teachers or graduate students, all chosen for technical knowledge, personal enthusiasm and the unique ability to reach young people. Our campers gain by working daily with talented people, and equally important, learn by taking part in shows and performances each and every weekend. About Us Long Lake Camp For The Arts is an oasis for creative campers since 1969. Founded by Maestro David Katz and now owned and run by Marc and Susan Katz. We have combined the very best performing arts camp and fine arts camp, together offering you the summer of your life. You concentrate on what you love best. Your summer is 100% customizable by you with our help. A Performing Arts and Fine Arts Camp - ...your new summer home awaits.  Every camper must have their best summer,every minute of every day. Summer arts camp friends Performing Arts Camp bunk view Theater Camp Costumes HOME Tell A Friend We are located in New York State in the Adirondack Park and are members of the New York State Camp Directors Association. E-Mail: marc@longlakecamp.com Tel: 800 767 7111 or 914 693 7111 Fax: 914 693 7684 Dance Camp | Fine Arts Camp | Theater Camp | Music Camp | Acting Camp | Circus Camp | Rock Band Camp | Film Camp | Waterfront | Sport Long Lake Camp For The Arts News Feed. Theater Camp and Film Camp at Long Lake We are very excited to let you know that two of our ex-campers, academy award winning actor Adrien Brody and Corey Stoll (recently co-starred in the movie Salt) will star in Woody Allen's upcoming romantic comedy Midnight in Paris. Acting Camp at Long Lake Camp We are currently choosing the shows for this summer. If there are some you wish us to consider please email us. Our acting camp produces almost 30 block buster shows every summer. We have plenty of roles for our campers and tremendous theaters and staff to inspire you. Check out our Acting Camp page here. www.longlakecamp.com/acting-camp.html Rock Camp at Long Lake Camp . Our Rock Camp is unlike any where else as we can offer you all the private and band lessons plus a spectacular performing arts and fine arts camp. For 2013 we are adding an additional drum instructor, additional rehearsal space and a special Rock Guitar intensive for our 1st session. www.longlakecamp.com/summer-rock-camp.html Dance Camp at Long Lake Camp . A quick update that almost all our wonderful dance camp teachers and choreographers are returning this summer plus we welcome back Julie Valentine Mac to Long Lake. This summer we will again be offering you all the very best dance camps for modern dance, Ballet, Jazz dance, hip hop, contemporary, musical theater and more. www.longlakecamp.com/dance-camp.html Long Lake Music Camp update. --- Our music program is expanding for 2013 with an additional drum instructor, new rehearsal space for our rock bands and introducing our new Band Camp choice. Musicians from all over the world will join us for all aspects of Band Camp practice. Our new band camp will join our music camp and details will be on our music page shortly. www.longlakecamp.com/music-camp.html 