 Historic Pine Crest Camp Lodge Overlooking Majestic Daniel Boone National Forest 1-606-464-2309   Beautiful PrivateResort in Eastern Kentucky's Red River Gorge Area Corporate Retreats | Reunions | Wedding Parties | Music Festivals | Seminars  Conventions  PINE CREST LODGE is available for group rental. The lodge consists of a grand room around a huge stone fireplace with a kitchen and two wings. One wing is set up as a six room dormitory with two public bathrooms and showers. The other is set up as four luxury rooms with private bathrooms. The space allows flexibility to accomodate 10 to 32 people for$500 a night. Multi-night, weekly and monthly rates are also available at a significant reduction in price.  The Dining Hall with an industrial kitchen which features three ovens, a stove, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, and electric grill along with two dining rooms, one being 20x53 and the other 12x53, is available for $150 a day with discounts available to those renting the lodge.  Dormitory (far left), Hillbilly Hobbies Candle Shop (top center, one of many views (right) Historic Pine Crest Camp Next Event: " An Old Fashioned Christmas" Arts and Crafts Fair When: Artists set up from 6-10 PM Friday Nov 12 and 7-11 AM Saturday Nov 13. Open to the Public 11-9Saturday November 13. Admission: $2 (redeem ticket stub at snack bar for a free soft drink) What: Kick the holiday season off with a visit to many local artisans to find some great deals on truly unique gifts. Call 606-464-2309for more information. Beartrack Arts  Entertainment is a production company established in the Spring of 2005 in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky. The company is currently renovating a nine acre camp on a picturesque promontory overlooking 1200 acres of the Daniel Boone National Forest in Lee County. The renovations include: landscaping the ten acre campus and refurbishing/redesigningfive buildings toprovide production facilities, recreational areasand entertainment opportunitiesforperformers and audiences.The company and facility,using local and professional artists and entertainers, alsoprovides a venue for the development of localart/entertainment basedattractions to complement thegrowing tourism industry. The staff of BTAE brings thirty-three years of theatre experience asactors, directors, managing directors and producers,six years experience infilm,television, modeling, and commercials. Thishascreated abreadth of experience andresources tocreate entertainment opportunities for local and tourist audiences and to builda bridge between developingand established artistsand the arts/entertainment industryin large urban markets. The Mission The Mission of Beartrack Arts and Entertainment is to provide a cost effective, dynamicperformance and educational venuewith a supportive organizationto attract established andfledgeling performers, craftsmen,artists and audiencesto the area. TheHistory of Development Inspired by the growth of regional tourism in the late 90s, A pair ofentrepreneurswith ties to both the NewYork based art and entertainment industry and the local areaconsidered aventure to expand entertainment opportunities in this part of Eastern Kentucky.In late 2004, t he local community completed construction on a 300 seat outdoor amphitheatre and 200 seat community center.A local youth camp also went on the auction block. The influx of tourism dollars into the region and commitment by the community to provide a venue for theatrical production was the inspiration to commit time and resources to develop a production facility.The Pine CrestCamp was purchased in February 2005and serves as the base of operations forthedevelopment of Beartrack Arts  Entertainment.In December 0f 2008 the Dining Hall and 10 room Dormitory became available for group rentals.  What'sBeen Done July 2005 saw thefirststage production, "The Southern Hostility Comedy Tour", BTAEteamed up thetalent of three rising comics from the New York club scene, Duncan Jay, Quint Hatch, and Daryl Wright, with the classicalBluegrass sound of "Billy Paul Charles and Three Rivers" to create a bitingly funny show with a strong Southern, Country theme.Thedevelopment of the showand advertising strategy establisheda working relationship with many of the local radio and newspaper outlets. December 2007 saw the first joint event with Mulberry Street Diner as all the local boys and girls were invited to have "Breakfast with Santa" and have their pictures taken with the jolly old elf. January 2008 The 3,400 sq ft. Dining Hall renovations were completed. It now has 400 amp electrical service, propane heat, city water, updated septic system, an industrial kitchen, two public bathrooms,two bedroomswith a private bath, a 53x13 common room, a 53x19 great room with a fireplace. It is ready for rental and event use. May 2008 Classes were held on 3 consecutive weekends for "Introduction to being a model/actor" and "Avoiding beginner mistakes as an Actor/Model" October 2008 BTAE provided productionassistance and performers for Beattyville Ky'shauntedhay ride during the"Trick or Treat on Main" event. December 2008 The second annual Breakfast with Santa catered by Stillwater Barbecue was enjoyed by many of the local young at heart. January 2009 Cheryl Walton, a local visual artist, offers classesin the BTAE DiningHallteaching Watercolortechniques. A series of seven meetings were held to meet local artists and discuss the issues around developing an arts based industry in the area. 20 Artists participated and a Newsletter page was added to the Web site to discuss issues. April 2009 14 Strikingly beautiful and inspiring young ladies brought the sun out on a rainy day and thrilled an audience of about 100 with their poise, grace and smiles. Walking on a 40 foot runway decorated with art from the Lee County Gradeand High Schools and local artists, the audience was treated to broad range of local talent. We alsohad a group of 12 ladies stay a weekend at the lodge in April.They were a real treat and great fun to be around. It appears they felt the same way and penciled their next retreat with us in 2010. June 2009 on June 13 we had a religious group of 20 from Pennsylvania on a mission book the lodge for eight days.And we now have a church from Illinois with a group of 25 staying untilJune 26.Every group so far has penciled themselves for return visits. August 2010 Picture Kentucky 2010 spent four days exploring the community and telling stories in pictures. Several photojournalist students from the University of Kentucky, Western Kentucky University, and Kent State descended on the camp and used it as the staging area class room for an annual seminar hosted by The Kentucky Kernel. November 2010 Race the Fig used the camp to house the racing staff and volunteers and over 100 racers used the camp as the starting point and finish line for a regional qualifier for the National Adventure Race of America event. Projects in the planning stages: Campus Landscaping : The 10 acre campus for the BTAE facilities was neglected for 10 years and after the trash, cast off camp books, toys, and equipment was carted off to the dump or donation center, numerous trees needed to be cut down to eliminate danger to the buildings and overhead power lines that remain. The process is ongoing.Upon completion of landscaping, we plan to have numerous outdoor meeting areas and meditation overlooks with an eye tomeeting the expectations of those who want to catch raysor sit in the shade. Com dians Bootcamp: A week long training program for those who always wanted to be comedians. Would becomedians will spend the days working with established comedians to write and tell their jokes, learn the ins and outs of making it in the business, perform daily in front of other comedians and finish the week with a performance in front of a paying audience judged by a panel of experts from the entertainment industry. The person determined to by the winner by the panel would begiven an opportunity to appear on stage in a New York Comedy club. Christmas Musical: BTAE is negotiating to secure the rights of a musical, to be determined, for an early December production using local talent augmented by professional actors and singers. This venture will allow novice and community actors and musicians to work with and learn from professionals in the industry about preparation for performance and the realities of making a living in show business.  Web Site: As you can see, BTAE is developing a web site. In the near future, we plan to advertise merchandise, arts and crafts, and tickets for sale on the site. Contact us for information on our facilityor our production company in Beattyville, Kentucky, to take part in our artistic endeavors from theater and drama to comedy and music. Links: American Federation of Television and Radio Artists Kentucky Arts Council  Actors' Equity Association Home| Shows | ContactUs Pinecrest Camp Lodge / Beartrack Arts & Entertainment 203 Pine Crest Camp Rd Beattyville, KY 41311-8547  Phone:(606) 464-2309 Cell:(732) 239-8397 Toll Free:(877) 221-0897   