  2012 BMW M6 Convertible: Car Seat Check The 2012 BMW M6 convertible is a high-performance version of the 6 Series. From its turbocharged V-8 engine to its highly bolstered seats, nearly everything about this soft-top convertible screams aggressive. What it doesnt say is family car, but since this four-seater has a backseat, we attempted to install child-safety seats in it. For the Car Seat Check, we use a Graco SnugRide 30 rear-facing infant-safety seat, a Britax Roundabout convertible child-safety seat and Graco high-back TurboBooster seat. The front seats are adjusted to a comfortable position for a 6-foot driver and a 5-foot-8 passenger. The three child seats are installed in the second row. The booster seat sits behind the drivers seat, and the infant seat and convertible seats are installed behind the passenger seat. We also install the convertible seat in the second rows middle seat with the booster and infant seat in the outboard seats to see if three car seats will fit. If theres a third row, we install the booster seat and a forward-facing convertible. Heres how the 2012 M6 convertible did in Cars.coms Car Seat Check: Latch system: There are two sets of lower Latch anchors in the M6s backseat. Theyre hard to get at because theyre buried deeply between the stiff back and bottom seat cushions. The M6 convertible doesnt have tether anchors, and isnt required to since its a convertible. Booster seat: The rear seat bolsters are so large that the cushions pushed our high-back booster off-kilter toward the middle of the backseat. The fixed head restraints also pushed the boosters back forward into an upright angle. A no-back booster might fit better in the convertible. The M6s seat belt buckle is on a stable base, making buckling up easier for kids. Convertible seat: The forward-facing convertible didnt fit because of the bolstered backseat. Eighty percent of a car seat needs to touch the bottom and back cushions when installed, but the forward convertible wasnt able to sit flat against the seatback or bottom because theyre severely angled. The car seats base hung off the seat cushion because the fixed head restraint pushed it forward. The rear-facing convertible fit in the M6, and the front-seat passenger had a comfortable amount of head- and legroom. Infant-safety seat: This rear-facing car seat ate up so much space in the M6 convertible that we had to move the front passenger seat forward several inches and set the seatback to an uncomfortable upright position. This left our unlucky tester with about an inch of space between her forehead and the sun visor. How many car seats fit in the second row? Two, but theyd have to be rear-facing convertibles. Editors note: For three car seats — infant-safety seat, convertible and booster seats — to fit in a car, our criterion is that a child sitting in the booster seat must be able to reach the seat belt buckle. Parents should also remember that they can use the Latch system or a seat belt to install a car seat. Related Research the 2012 BMW M6 More Car Seat Checks More Safety News By Jennifer Newman | August 2, 2012 | Comments (5) Tags: BMW , BMW 6 Series , Car Seat Check , Convertible , Family , Family Cars , Social Reader Previous Next Comments  Jay Aug 2, 2012 8:46:35 AM Sorry but this is another useless application of the car seat check. Anyone that owns this car that has young children have a 4 door car and/or SUV and they will use that to ferry them around (and strollers, diaper bags, etc.) Drivers use a car like this to get away from the children... Bowrider Aug 2, 2012 9:03:28 AM I concur. I always feel compelled to read these because of the are you seriously reviewing this car for car seat compatibility factor. Id be surprised if the folks at BMW loaned their cars for this type of a review. M Aug 2, 2012 3:17:29 PM How about if you have all these car seats, getting a van or SUV? Lucas Aug 5, 2012 12:11:14 AM The car seat check is a good work. Kudos! The various options you have mentioned are useful for people like me who arent much aware of the options available. I also got some info about the BMW M6 convertible at http://www.unocardealers.com/blog/2012-bmw-m6-convertible/ . Now, Im thinking of buying one, if I can have the seat fixed according to my preference. Tom Oct 6, 2012 1:28:49 PM Very useful, thanks for the good work! Post a Comment Please remember a few rules before posting comments: If you don't want people to see your email address, simply type in the URL of your favorite website or leave the field empty. Do not mention specific car dealers by name. Feel free to mention your city, state and brand. Try to be civil to your fellow blog readers. This blog is not a fan or enthusiast forum, it is meant to help people during the car-buying process and during the time between purchases, so shoppers can keep a pulse on the market. Stay on topic. We want to hear your opinions and thoughts, but please only comment about the specified topic in the blog post. view posting rules If you have a TypeKey or TypePad account, please Sign In You are currently signed in as (nobody) . Sign Out Name: Email Address: URL: Remember personal info? Comments:  Close Search Results KickingTires Search Results for Previous | Next Search Kicking Tires  Categories About Us Best Sellers Car Buying Car Gadgets Car Reviews Car Seat Checks Family News Hybrids/Alternative Fuels Incentives In The News Long-Term Test Cars Movers and Losers Multicar Challenges Photo Galleries Recalls Safety Video 2013 New York Auto Show 2013 Chicago Auto Show 2013 Detroit Auto Show 2012 L.A. Auto Show Cars.com Links Research a Vehicle Search for New & Used List Your Vehicle for Sale Read Automotive Advice Read Expert Reviews Review Your Own Car Review Your Dealership Find Cars That Fit Your Life Find Insurance, Parts and More div class="promoTile">   Recent Comments Kia's Hamsters Hit the Gym With Lady Gaga by Dee G 2014 Toyota Corolla Starts at $17,610 by Tony 2013 Honda Accord: Explaining The Trim Levels by Ravi Jay // @nycmixing What to Drive to Your High School Reunion by responder Scion xB and xD to Be Discontinued by HikingMike Cars.com Reviews the 2013 Chrysler 200 by skippydog 2014 Toyota Corolla Starts at $17,610 by skippydog Study: Fort Collins, Colo., Has Safest Drivers; D.C. Remains Worst by Scott Bundi Chevy, Buick, GMC Add Two Years of Free Service on New Cars by Jensen Mott Kia's Hamsters Hit the Gym With Lady Gaga by greentraveler Subscribe to our feed Email us your tips! Buy Search for New & Used Cars Build a New Car Find Car Dealers Near You Buscar en Espanol Sell List Your Car for Sale How to Sell Your Car How Much Is Your Car Worth? Frequently Asked Questions Research Research a Specific Car Compare Cars Side-by-Side Read Expert Reviews Find Cars That Match Your Lifestyle Shopping Advice For Buying a Car For Financing a Car Top 10 Car Lists Gas Mileage Lists Cars.com Home | About Cars.com | Employment Opportunities | Become a Cars.com Dealer By using this site, you agree to our terms of service | 2013 Cars.com | Privacy Statement SiteCatalyst code version: H.11.Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  