 Local Orlando Search Orlando Neighborhoods Things to Do Info & Resources Arts and Entertainment Venues of Orlando From dinner shows to plays, museums, opera and evening entertainment, in and around Orlando, Florida. In addition to arts and entertainment are links for movies, concerts in Orlando. Concert Venues (6) Dinner Shows Dinner Shows Local Musicians (12) Movie Theaters (3) Museums: Art & Sculpture (11) Museums: History & Science (5) Night Life & Adult Ent. (51) Parks & Gardens Parks & Gardens Shows & Plays (32) Where to See a Movie in Orlando Everything from mega multi screen theaters to intimate first run theaters. Large screen imax theaters for education and entertainment. La Nouba The Circus of the Sun shares its 'Party', La Nouba with Central Florida Residents. Cirque du Soleil presents the amazing show, La Nouba, now at Downtown Disney's West Side. La Nouba Extras , including facts, figures and special events. Orlando Area Discounts and Coupons Printable Internet coupons and specials for local attractions, restaurants, museums and more. Mad Cow Theatre: Outstanding Productions in a New Location Respected, professional theatre in downtown Orlando that presents quality productions for a wide range of audience. Host of the annual 18-day Cabaret Festival. Free Orlando Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Orlando Must Reads Thornton Park Neighborhood Tour Milk District Neighborhood Tour Where to Grab a Late-Night Bite Visit New Smyrna Beach Top 5 Places To Go When It Rains Most Popular Orlando Average Monthly Temperatures What is the Sales Tax Rate for Florida Counties... Top Orlando Dinner Shows The Wealthiest People in Florida Cheap Buffet Restaurants on International... Free Orlando Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Living In Orlando Moving to Orlando Visiting Orlando Attractions Shows & Museums Food, Drink & Nightlife Shopping & Services Sports and Recreation Cities & Government Lifestyles & Family Community & Interests Weddings Orlando About.com Local Orlando Shows & Museums Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 