 Companies People Advanced Search Login News People Companies Excel Downloads MarketPlace  Magic Arts and Entertainment edit Industries > Entertainment/Media Follow @tomblue Address http://www.magicentertainment.tv PO Box 3838 Salt Lake City, UT USA84110 Phone: 801-355-2200 Fax: 801-355-2236 Overview/Awards This includes Magic Arts and Entertainment email addresses with the @magicentertainment.tv domain, contacts, linkedin info, cfo employees, and facebook profiles. Magic Arts and Entertainment is a Entertainment/Media business with its headquarters based in Streetsboro, OH. Their employees gross about $77609, and currently, there are 0 job openings in the company. Magic Arts and Entertainment Management LinkedIn Dept Executive Title Email Address Format @magicentertainment.tv Verified Exe Joe Marsh Partner Not Available 03-19-13 Lee Marshall Partner Not Available 03-19-13 Sales Rita Russo VP Marketing Not Available 330-655-7080 07-17-11 Ops MaryAnn Porcaro VP Operations Email Avail: Free Trial 330-655-7080 04-29-12 Last Updated: 03-19-13 Other Magic Arts and Entertainment Email Addresses Free trial - These are @magicentertainment.tv emails only - not personal e-mail such as hotmail, gmail, or @yahoo.com. Magic Arts and Entertainment Salary Information Salary (average): 77609 High School Teacher Salary (average): 44190 COMPANY VITALS Number of Employees: Not Available Yearly Revenues: Not Available Available Jobs (As Listed on Company Website): N/A Magic Arts and Entertainment References: Magic Arts and Entertainment Magic Arts and Entertainment Magic Arts and Entertainment - www.cinstages.com Similar Companies to Magic Arts and Entertainment: Concept Design Productions At present there are 0 available employment opportunities at Concept Design Productions while those who are currently employed earn about $27040. This Entertainment/Media firm has its headquarters in Monrovia, CA. They bring in more than five million in yearly revenue and have greater than 20 employees. If you wish to get in touch with Concept Design Productions, you can look into their Lead411 profile, where you can find helpful contact information, cfo employees, linkedin usernames, as well as Concept Design Productions email addresses with the domain @conceptdesigninc.com. g8wave 0 jobs are available at this time. They have greater than 20 employees, and gross a yearly revenue of more than five million.g8wave is a company within the Entertainment/Media industry. It has its headquarters in Boston, MA. You can get hold of important company details like facebook, linkedin, and cfos, through their Lead411 profile which also include g8wave email addresses using @g8wave.com. Tix Corporation Lead411 offers quality data on a variety of companies including that of Tix Corporation's CEO Mitchell Francis . The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, cfo contacts, and Tix Corporation email addresses with the domain of @tixcorp.com. Their employees average a salary of $60819 and as of this time, there are 0 jobs available, within the company. Tix Corporation, a Entertainment/Media company has its main office in Studio City, CA. Lionsgate You can find contact data for Jon Feltheimer , Lionsgate's CEO of through their company profile on Lead411. This includes Lionsgate email addresses with the @lionsgatefilms.com domain, contacts, linkedin info, cfo employees, and facebook profiles. Lionsgate is a Entertainment/Media business with its headquarters based in Vancouver, CA. Currently, there are 0 job openings in the company. Their employee count is greater than 250, while their annual revenue amount to more than one billion. Home Box Office Home Box Office, a Entertainment/Media company, is based in New York, NY. They can be reached through Home Box Office email addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @hbo.com. Aside from email information, their Lead411 collection of data also includes details about Home Box Office's CEO Bill Nelson , chief financial officer contacts, facebook and linkedin profiles, etc. Salaries in Home Box Office are somewhere in the amount of $104028, and currently there are 2 jobs available in the company.  Copyright 2013 Lead411. All Rights Reserved. Add Company | Companies | People | Business Lists | Contact | Terms  About Lead411 Company Profiles are from the web and human oversight. Managers (e.g. ) include Magic Arts and Entertainment CEO, CFO, VP, and Vice President. Be sure to check our linkedin tab and directory which we also include twitter, google plus, and facebook soon. 70% of our management contacts have executive email addresses. Look above for a Magic Arts and Entertainment email format - @magicentertainment.tv . 