 Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Scandals Relationships Celebrity Profiles Share Discuss in our forum Top 5 Celebrity Sports Scandals From Diana Mimon , former About.com Guide See More About sports scandals kobe bryant ron artest criminal behavior Celebrity sports scandals can be just as hot as those of music and movie stars .Without all the tabloid coverage, it's easy to forget that today's biggest sports stars sometimes cross the line too. From affairs to autobiographies, these guys made headlines off the baseball field, basketball court, and even the ice rink. It Begins with Kobe Bryant How can you not start a sports celebrity scandal article with Kobe Bryant's rape allegations? When this story broke, it immediately crossed over from ESPN Sportscenter to the mainstream news and entertainment media. In the blink of an eye, the once squeaky clean Kobe had a major scandal to overcome. In the end, the criminal case was dropped and the civil case was settled, but not before some serious scandalous behavior surfaced: Kobe admitted to adultery. Suddenly his wife Vanessa was thrust into the spotlight. Would she stand by her man or send him packing? Kobe bought Vanessa a $4 million ring. You can't beat a multimillion dollar apology. For months, reporters were blinded by the rock on Vanessa's finger. He implicated Shaq. Kobe told investigators that Shaq had previously paid women off to avoid having news of the affairs hit the media. Needless to say, this shattered Kobe and Shaq's relationship. A truly sad event as the dynamic duo had partnered on three NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. Jose Canseco Gets Juiced For years, Major League baseball fans watched with sheer joy as Jose Canseco launched homer after homer into the upper deck. All of a sudden, 500 foot homeruns became common place. With homerun records falling year after year, nobody seemed to care that these behemoth athletes had bulging biceps, thick necks, and monstrous legs. That all changed when Jose Canseco retired and published Juiced: Wild Times, Rampant 'Roids, Smash Hits, and How Baseball Got Big . The steroid controversy hit the national spotlight with some of the most startling controversies : Jose accuses Mark McGwire. The reigning home run champion (at least until Barry Bonds re-broke the record) is called out by Jose as a major steroids user. Jose even claims he personally injected Mark on several occasions. Canseco testifies before Congress. Mark McGwire was just the first of many baseball superstars accused of bulking up from steroid use. Over the course of the hearing, major stars face the music including Sammy Sosa and Rafael Palmeiro (who later tested positive). Jose lands on Surreal Life. Jose parlays his newfound writer fame into a spot in the cast of VH1's Surreal Life . He mixes it up with Omarosa and Janice Dickinson, two stars who are accustomed to scandals and outrageous behavior. We're just getting started. Keep reading for three more sports celebrities who made headlines for their scandalous behavior. Previous 1 2 3 ">Next Scandalous Celebrity Lists The Overexposed in Hollywood Fake New Year's Resolutions Top TV Stars in Scandals Celebrity Scandal Profiles Naomi Campbell Portia de Rossi Britney Spears Celebrity Gossip Nick Talks to Rolling Stone Teri Hatcher Plastic Surgery No Sex For Paris Related Articles Jose Canseco Talks About New Tell-All Baseball Book on XM Satellite Radio Ivan Rodriguez Hall of Fame - Does Ivan Rodriguez Belong In The Baseball Ha... Roger Clemens vs. Brian McNamee - A Breakdown Of Their Allegations And Argu... Steroid Scandal Could Affect Endorsement Deals Text Resources - Guide to 2012 Discuss in our forum Top Related Searches espn sportscenter los angeles lakers homerun records jose canseco rape allegations bulging biceps Explore Celebrity Gossip Must Reads Pregnant Celebrities 2011 Couples Who Met on Set Famous Celebrity Vegetarians Expensive Hollywood Weddings Crazy Celebrity Hairstyles Most Popular Why Did Angie Harmon Pose for Nude Photos in... Wilmer Valderrama Interview on Howard Stern Dr. Phil and Robin McGraw Divorce Rumors Are Rachael Ray and John Cusimano Headed for... Did Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi Break Up? By Category Hot Scandals Relationships Celebrities A-Z The Rumor Mill Engaged & Married Pregnancies & Births Charitable Celebrities Celeb Style & Fashion FAQs & Quizzes Health & Fitness Hollywood Speaks Dead Celebrities Celebrity Gossip Scandals Relationships Celebrity Profiles About.com Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Hot Scandals Top Celebrity Sports Scandals - Celebrity Sports Scandals - Top Sports Scandals Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 