   Tuesday, August 27, 2013 NYDailyNews.com / Gossip  Follow @nydailynews Jobs Classifieds Contests Reader Offers Home Delivery Services Apps Search Field site web blogs Powered by Yahoo  Daily News America New York Local News  Politics Sports  Showbiz  More of Showbiz : Gossip TV  Movies Music  Arts Buy Tickets Comics  Games Showbiz Pics Blogs  Opinion  Living  Photos  Video Autos   Gossip ​​  Alec Baldwin gets into street scuffle with NY photographer The habitual hothead grabbed a photographer on the streets of New York in front of several witnesses after noon on Tuesday, photos obtained by the Daily News show.  Is Kourtney Kardashian pregnant again? Is baby number three on board for Kourtney Kardashian? Scott Disick shared a belly-baring shot of his girlfriend via Instagram Monday, sparking rumors the reality star may be pregnant again.  Bradley Cooper cradles younger girlfriend, reads 'Lolita' during park outing Bradley Cooper and his girlfriend Suki Waterhouse were spotted cozying up with a good book at a park in Paris on Sunday. Cooper, 38, and his 21-year-old model love appeared to be inseparable - completely wrapped up in each other while lounging among the locals.  Rihanna, Drake attend the same VMAs after-party After the party it was the same hotel lobby for Rihanna and Drake. The rumored former flames were both spotted coming out the Dream Downtown in New York City after partying upstairs at PH-D during a VMAs after-party Sunday.  Kelly Osbourne to Miley Cyrus: 'Put your f--king tongue in your mouth!' Even Miley Cyrus’ closest friends have something to say about her MTV Video Music Award performance. Kelly Osbourne offered out some advice to the 20-year-old ‘We Can’t Stop” singer after her jaw-dropping display at Sunday's show. Lance Bass: Nothing else planned for *NSYNC after VMAs performance The *NSYNC reunion at the Video Music Awards delighted the hearts of longtime fans yearning to see the famous five take the stage again, but according to one member - the 110-second walk down memory lane may have been all the reunion we'll get.  Taylor Swift, Harry Styles party together post-VMAs Taylor Swift may know Harry Styles is trouble but that didn't stop her from partying with her ex post the VMAs Sunday night. The 23-year-old singer posed for a pic alongside Styles and tourmate Ed Sheeran while hanging out together at SoHo Grand Hotel Club Room in New York City after the show. Paris Jackson 'doing much better' after suicide attempt Paris Jackson is “doing much better” after cutting her wrists and swallowing a large dose of painkillers in a failed suicide bid, grandmother Katherine Jackson told Hello! magazine. The family matriarch, who shares custody of son Michael Jackson’s three kids, said the 15-year-old is “in a good place, getting the help she needs.” Previous Next OMG! Jackson tour promoter slammed in court  Michael Jackson died in 2009 because a "ruthless" group of concert promoters pushed the drug-addicted superstar and ignored his downward spiral, a lawyer for the star’s heirs said Monday. SEE IT: Nick Stahl photographed accepting mysterio...  Troubled "Terminator" star Nick Stahl was the subject of more police drama Monday. The 33-year-old with a history of substance abuse was briefly detained and frisked by a Los Angeles County sheriff's... Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber  Anne Frank’s stepsister is offering a history lesson to critics of Justin Bieber. Days after Bieber sparked an international outcry by pontificating his hope that the world’s most famous Holocaust vic... Sex tape featuring former 'Buckwild' stars making...  Fans of the recently canceled series, “Buckwild,” may still be able to see stars Shae Bradley and Jesse J in action. With the emphasis being on in ACTION. Lohan skips LA deposition for NYC sushi dinner  Lindsay Lohan angled for more legal trouble Monday when she dined at a Manhattan sushi joint instead of showing up for a scheduled deposition in California. Chris Bosh's wife reacts to Lil Wayne's claim...so...  Lil Wayne may have had 10,000 reasons to rant about having slept with the wife of Miami Heat power forward Chris Bosh. In a bombshell diatribe, Wayne claimed the past dalliance got him banned from lea... Confidential Diddy brawls at MTV VMAs after-party  Beyoncé put on quite a show at the VMA after-party Sunday night at the Dream Downtown — screaming her head off when Diddy started a fight that broke out right next to her. What's behind One Direction's weirdness?  For the past year, the world’s biggest boy band, One Direction, has been baffling people around the world by dropping bizarre sounds into their appearances and interviews. Now Confidenti@l can exclusi... Dice man cometh, as film star  The Andrew Dice Clay fans don’t know is a sweet, humble guy, one who’s in complete shock over his career resurgence.  A night of 'Drinking' gone Wilde Nightclub security gets frisky ... for phone thiev... Copter gal Wintour suffers a heli of a night  Love, Etc. The Police's first guitarist accused of posting na...  A guitarist who first found fame with The Police is accused of posting sexually explicit pictures of his former lover online after they broke up. Henry Padovani, who performed on the group's first 19... Beverly Mitchell welcomes a baby girl  It's a girl! Beverly Mitchell and husband Michael Cameron welcomed daughter Kenzie Lynne on Thursday, March 28, her rep confirmed with Us Weekly. Tori Spelling shares video of son Finn’s arrival  When a mother holds her baby for the first time it’s one of the most precious moments and she wants to share it with the world. Tori Spelling, 39, did just that by posting the video of her newborn son... Hugh Hefner: I've slept with 'over a thousand' wom...  Ultimate ladies man Hugh Hefner is content with his marriage. Who wouldn’t be after bedding an estimated 1,000 women before settling down with Mrs. Right? Spears gets cozy with new beau in Vegas  Oops! She did it again. Following her split from fiancé Jason Trawick in January, Britney Spears posted a snapshot with her new man, David Lucado on Twitter Sunday. Looking happy together, the couple... Adele planning secret wedding: report  Adele is back to her secret ways. The 24-year-old British singer is said to be planning a private wedding with boyfriend, Simon Konecki, a source confirmed to Us Weekly. Style File Lizzie Jagger teams up with Wrangler moisturizing...  Daughter of Rolling Stones' rocker Mick Jagger is behind the the anti-cellulite denim, which comes packed with caffeine, algae and retinol -- ingredients that claim to reduce the appearance of 'orange... Mila Kunis cellulite cream ad banned  The "Friends with Benefits" star appears in a black bra and panty set in an email ad campaign for a body cream from UK company Rodial, featuring the tagline: "Get a body to die for with 50% off body s... She's 44? Stephanie Seymour wows for Jason Wu  The Taiwanese-Canadian wunderkind could have chosen any number of hot young things to show off his sheer, sexy new looks. Instead, he went for the kind of sex appeal that comes naturally with age.  Georgia May Jagger pouts for H Celebrity wedding dress designer in apparent suici... Singer Beck is the latest face of Saint Laurent  Gossip Video  Gossip Photos  Stars who attack paparazzi View Gallery  Hollywood PDA: Stars go public with their affection View Gallery  Miley Cyrus' most attention-seeking moments View Gallery  Celebrity teeth makeovers View Gallery  Celebrity photos of the week: Week of August 19 View Gallery  Celebrity beach bodies 2013 View Gallery  Stars who strip for a cause View Gallery  Celebs come out View Gallery  Hollywood yearbook View Gallery  Celebrity mug shots View Gallery  When bad tattoos happen to Hollywood stars View Gallery  Celebrity wardrobe malfunctions View Gallery  Comics  Games ​​  Sudoku Mega: Play Now!   Garfield: Read Now!   Peanuts: Read Now!   Daily Jumble: Play Now!  NY Daily News Local Business Directory Locate Quickly find the goods and services you need div id="nydn-mod-635-locate_bar_quickly"> Quickly find the goods and services you need 