  Find us on... Home New Car Inventory Search Our New Inventory Build Your Own View Our Specials Research Center Appraise Your Trade Quick Contact Used Car Inventory Search Our Used Inventory View Our Specials Appraise Your Trade Quick Contact Certified Pre-Owned Used Cars Under $9999 Finance Credit Application View Our Specials Tonkin Auto Acceptance Specials New Car Specials Used Car Specials Parts Specials Service Specials As Advertised Buy Parts Service Schedule Service Service Department Information View Service Specials View Parts Specials Collision Center Contact Careers About Us Dealership Locations Tonkin Talk Blog Facebook  . . . . . . Search used cars Search new cars Schedule service Financing Trade appraisal  Prev Next   See what our customers are saying... We live at the beach but drive 3 hours to Ron Tonkin Acura. We came in for service and this time ended up buying a new Acura MDX! Wed recommend them to anyone looking for a great place to buy a car. Pam - Ron Tonkin Acura Customer We shopped around numerous Northwest Audi dealerships and the experience at Audi Wilsonville was by far the best, along with the price. They even filled our Audi Q5 with a full tank of gas along with other perks :) Jake - Audi Wilsonville Customer I would refer any of my friends to Ron Tonkin Chevrolet for their next new car purchase. Even on Christmas Eve everyone was helpful. Jessica - Ron Tonkin Chevy Customer I have been a customer for the last 10 years. Ron Tonkin Dodge offers exceptional customer service, great follow up and you never feel pressured to buy. The team is also very friendly. I highly recommend them. Zack - Ron Tonkin Dodge Customer Patience was the word to describe everyone at Tonkin Fiat. Never pushy. Adam Tonkin spent time with us as well as several others. Our experience only duplicates what all the other positive reviews report. Thank you all. Ron - Tonkin FIAT Customer I took my Honda CRV in for repairs and had an excellent service experience. The free shuttle ride home after I dropped off my car was nice too. Pat - Ron Tonkin Honda Customer Always great customer service in every department, from management to sales  service! They understand what customer service means. I live an hour away and still drive to Gresham Honda to service my car. GT - Tonkin Gresham Honda Customer Ron Tonkin Hyundai treated me like an old friend and part of the family. Im a female and didnt feel talked down to like at other non-Tonkin dealerships. I will definitely see these guys when its time for my next vehicle. Kris - Ron Tonkin Hyundai Customer At Ron Tonkin Kia I had an amazing experience buying my car. I felt taken care of from the start! I will go to no one else for all my vehicle needs and I will tell everyone I know as well. Heather - Ron Tonkin Kia Customer I spent 2 weekends driving around for the best deal. No one could match Ron Tonkin Mazdas price or level of customer service. I would recommend them to anyone! Greg - Ron Tonkin Mazda Customer Wilsonville Nissan is awesome! After emailing and talking to several dealers, I chose Tonkin Wilsonville Nissan. They are friendly and have honest communication. Its a very nice car buying experience. Muthu - Tonkin Wilsonville Nissan Customer It was great working with Ron Tonkin Gran Turismo. I did not feel pressured about my car purchase and I felt like I was welcomed into a family by the staff. James - Ron Tonkin Gran Turismo Customer So pleased with my experience at Ron Tonkin Toyota! They catered to my needs and werent pushy or rude. They worked with my financial situation to get me a rate I never thought possible with my (lack of) credit. Elyse - Ron Tonkin Toyota Customer  Prev Next  See all testimonials  Prev Next  Portland Used Car Dealerships With over 17 stores, Ron Tonkin Dealerships has been serving customers for over 50 years with one of the largest used car inventories in the Pacific Northwest. If youre looking to buy, sell or trade in your used vehicle then make sure you stop by a Ron Tonkin used car dealership in Portland, Oregon. New Car Dealerships in Portland Oregon If youre looking to purchase, lease or finance a car from a new car dealer in Portland then Ron Tonkin has one of the most extensive inventories for you to shop. Ron Tonkin Dealerships has being serving the Portland community since 1960. The Portland-area Tonkin dealerships sell Acura, Audi, Chevrolet, Dodge, Ferrari, FIAT, Honda, Hyundai, Kia, Lotus, Maserati, Mazda, Scion and Toyota vehicles. Customers shop Tonkin from all over Oregon and Washington including the cities of Portland, Beaverton, Hillsboro, Wilsonville, Gresham, Eugene, Salem, Vancouver WA and Seattle. You can find Ron Tonkin on Google+ Other Tonkin Sites Bad Credit Auto Loans Portland Portland Lotus Dealer Acura Portland Dealer Portland Audi Honda Portland Portland Hyundai Dealer Portland Mazda Dealer Portland Ferrari Maserati Dealer Car Loans Portland Portland Chevy Dealer Portland Dodge Dealer Tonkin Green Autos Portland Portland Honda Dealerships Portland Kia Portland Scion Dealer Portland Toyota Dealer Portland Nissan Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Copyright  2013 Ron Tonkin Family Of Dealerships | Powered by DealerPeak 