  I am a... Student Job Seeker Career-Changer Career Counselor Other Visitor Job-Hunting Tools: Search for Jobs Corporate Job Sites Order a New Resume Career Tools: Content Index Career Resources Career Tutorials Job-Search Samples College Planning Job/Career Bookstore Search this Site Career Categories: Career Networking Personal Branding Resumes and CVs Job Interviewing Salary Negotiation  Industry-Specific Job Boards for Job-Seekers : Jobs in the Arts, TV, Theatre, Entertainment, and Graphics  Looking for a job in the arts? What follows is a collection of the best job boards and career resources for jobs in the arts, entertainment, graphic arts, and related fields. Please note: writing jobs can be found at our sister site's writing and journalism jobs section. Quintessential Careers: Jobs in the Arts, TV, Theatre, Entertainment, and Graphics Entertainment Jobs -- search job listings by company, location, and keywords. Graphics Jobs -- search job listings by company, location, and keywords. Theatre Jobs -- search job listings by company, location, and keywords. Arts, TV, Theatre, Entertainment, and Graphics Niche Job Boards ArtCareer.Net -- a job and career site for job-seekers in the arts. You can search for employment listings (full-time, part-time, project-based), and educational (fellowships, assistantships) and artistic opportunities in the visual arts -- as well as post your resume. Also offer (fee-based) career guidance and links to art-related resources. Free to job-seekers. Careers in Music -- created with the mission of helping musicians and music lovers break into the music industry. Includes some basic music career information at no cost, but also designed to promote fee-based courses that focus on how to take your skills and ambitions and start a music career with them. A Digital Dreamer -- a nice career site that focuses on how to become a graphic designer. Includes articles on graphic design careers, as well as career resources on portfolio creation, resume development, and more. Free. EntertainmentCareers.net -- a great resource for job-seekers looking for jobs or internships in just about any type of occupation in the entertainment industry. You can search by location or by type of job. Free to job-seekers. Explore Talent -- one of the largest talent site and a great source for acting and modeling auditions and casting calls. Job-seekers can search castings and auditions and even post your resume and picture. Basic service is free to job-seekers. Get a TV job --a site geared to helping recent college grads and others find your first job in television -- including development of your resume and cover letter to the demo tape, as well as other job-search approaches. mediabistro -- this site is for any job-seeker who creates or works with media, including: editors, writers, television producers, graphic designers, production, and circulation professionals working in book publishing, magazines, television, radio, newspapers, online media, advertising, PT, and graphic design. Free to job-seekers. Privatelessons.com -- Musicians who wish to teach private lessons can post their resumes to this Web site. ShowBizJobs.Com -- offering job-seekers in the film, television, recording and attractions industries the opportunity to search for jobs by company name, job category, or geographic location. Job-seekers can also post your resume into their proprietary database. Job search is free, but there is a fee for posting your resume. Survival Jobs for Actors --a truly wonderful job board for struggling actors seeking work between or around acting jobs. Job-seekers can browse job listings, post up to five versions of your resume, and register for a job search alert. No cost to job-seekers. TakeLessons.com -- a site that assists music teaching professionals connect with prospective students. Teach music and voice instruction students in cities across the U.S. Lessons are taught in your home, your studio, or students' homes. Fee-based. TVJobs.com -- where job-seekers looking for employment in the broadcast industry in the U.S. or Canada -- television, radio, cable, education, corporate-industrial, post production, and satellite -- can subscribe to an employment bulletin board that allows you to view jobs. You can also post your resume. Fee-based. And don't forget that for the complete list of career books (including books about a career in the arts, entertainment, or graphic arts), checkout the Quintessential Careers Bookstore , in association with Amazon Books. What Can I do With a Major in the Arts? Students and Career-Changers: Learn About Real Careers in the Arts Based on a Major in... The Visual Arts (Art, Art History, Photography, Film Studies) Humanities Design (Digital, Graphic, Fashion, Interior, Architecture) English, Journalism, and Communications Studies Foreign Language Performing Arts Don't overlook going directly to the career center of potential employers to get the most current information on job openings, conduct research, and learn how to submit your application. You can find links to more than 500 company career centers in The Quintessential Directory of Company Career Centers . Back to Career and Job Resources -- by Industry , where we review (and provide links to) hundreds of the very best industry-specific niche job sites for job-seekers. Before applying to any job listings that you find, be sure you are completely ready for the job search -- with a strategy, resume, cover letter, and interviewing refresher. Use our complete (and exhaustive) set of free career tools to help you obtain the job you seek! Maximize your career and job-search knowledge and skills! Take advantage of The Quintessential Careers Content Index , which enables site visitors to locate articles, tutorials, quizzes, and worksheets in 35 career, college, job-search topic areas.  Find a New Job What: Where: jobs by  Home | About QuintCareers | A-Z Index | Career Resources | Job Sites | Job/Career Bookstore | Employer Resources | Contact Us A member of EmpoweringSites.com Sites : Empowering Sites Network  Quintessential Careers -- Kettle Falls, WA 99141 Home Page | Privacy Policy | QuintCareers.com FAQ Copyright  Quintessential Careers . All Rights Reserved 