    Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home  Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Auto Basics Auto Parts  Systems Auto Racing Buying  Selling Car Models Driving  Safety Fuel Efficiency Motorcycles Trucks Under the Hood Home / Auto right now in auto 10 Surprisingly Fuel Efficient Sports Cars There’s a saying about sports cars: They can pass anything on the road -- except a gas station. Here are 10 sports cars that break the stereotypical gas-guzzler image. How a Fuel Cell Works How to Calculate Your Car's Fuel Consumption A Driver’s Guide to Fuel Economy Auto Puzzles: Vintage Trucks Are you a rabid racing fan or a home mechanic? Or maybe a connoisseur of classic cars? Satisfy your automotive enthusiasm by piecing together these auto puzzles. Adventure Puzzles History Puzzles 10 Notorious Motorcycle Gangs What does a chop shop do? What is the biggest truck in the world? Mining trucks are the biggest trucks in the world. But the question is this: Which manufacturer builds the one officially known as the world's largest truck? Truck Videos How big is the world's smallest electric car? For towing, what's more important, horsepower or torque? 5 Cheap Ways to Increase Horsepower If you're serious about increasing your car's horsepower -- and you have deep pockets -- your options are almost unlimited. But what can you do if you're on a tight budget? Future Cars How much horsepower does a supercharger add? How much horsepower is enough? 10 Surprisingly Fuel Efficient Sports Cars  Auto Puzzles  What is the biggest truck in the world?  5 Cheap Ways to Increase Horsepower stuff you should watch: auto Car Accidents Future Cars Motorcycles Wrecks to Riches  WHAT'S INSIDE: AUTO The HowStuffWorks Auto Section contains articles about everything from engine workings to classic cars. Learn about cars on HowStuffWorks Auto. Auto Basics Auto Parts & Systems Auto Racing Buying & Selling Car Models Driving & Safety Fuel Efficiency Motorcycles Trucks Under the Hood Auto Basics The Auto Basics Channel offers detailed, accurate articles about cars and educates you on auto terminology. For fun, get to know how car crushers and car washes work or which 33 cars are named after animals. See more Explore These Topics: 5 Sports Car Test Drive Videos Top 10 Cutting-edge Car Questions of 2008 How Car Washes Work 13 Land and Water Speed Records Did da Vinci really sketch a primitive version of the car? 33 Cars Named After Animals How Automotive Production Lines Work How Auto Transport Works How Cars Work How Sports Cars Work Auto Parts & Systems Auto parts and systems are the building blocks that come together to make automobiles function. Understanding how auto parts work together to form automotive systems allows drivers to confidently discuss automotive problems with their mechanics. See more Explore These Categories: Brakes Towing Auto Racing Auto Racing includes information about different styles of racing and auto racing safety. Learn about auto racing on the Auto Racing Channel. See more Explore These Categories: Motorsports NASCAR Buying & Selling Buying or selling a car can be a tedious experience. Articles in this section touch on car buying and financing, insurance, warranties, VINs, and the Kelly Blue Book. See more Explore These Topics: How Consumer Reports Automotive Ratings Work How to Lease a Car 10 Car Shopping Tips How AFV Tax Credits Work 5 Extended Warranty Tips How VINs Work How J.D. Power Ratings Work Is it smarter to buy or lease a car? How Kelley Blue Book Works Do car commercials greenwash? Car Models In the Car Models Channel, read about some of the most popular cars to hit the showroom floor. Check out the HowStuffWorks Car Models Channel. See more Explore These Categories: Classic & Collectible Crossover Cars Hybrid Cars Modern Cars Plug-in Hybrids Sports Cars Concept Cars Exotic Cars Luxury Cars Muscle Cars Race Cars Unusual Cars Driving & Safety The Car Driving and Safety Channel offers safety tips and expert advice. Become a better driver with the Car Driving and Safety Channel. See more Explore These Categories: Accidents & Hazardous Conditions Safety & Regulatory Devices Auto Safety Testing Fuel Efficiency Fuel efficiency has become an extremely important topic in today's world because of rising gas prices, the need to cut our carbon footprints, and the need to cut dependence on oil-rich nations. Check out these great articles on fuel efficiency. See more Explore These Categories: Alternative Fuels Fuel Consumption Fuel-efficient Vehicles Hybrid Technology Biofuels Fuel Economy Fuel-saving Devices Motorcycles The Motorcycles and Choppers Channel explores how these machines are built and customized. Learn all about motorcycles and choppers at HowStuffWorks. See more Explore These Categories: Choppers About Motorcycles Motorcycle Models Trucks The Trucks Channel contains information, pictures and specs on truck models from old to new. Looking to get the most out of your truck? Our Towing Guide has everything you need to know. See more Explore These Categories: Classic & Collectible Modern Trucks Under the Hood The Under the Hood Channel explores the systems that make your car function correctly. Learn about car parts and systems and how to do routine maintenance. See more Explore These Categories: Aftermarket Accessories & Customization Car Part Longevity Cost of Car Ownership Engines Motorcycle Parts & Accessories Salvage, Used & Junkyard Parts Transmissions & Drivetrain Wheels Auto Manufacturing Car Trends & Innovations Diagnosing Car Problems Exhaust & Emissions Options Steering & Suspension Vehicle Maintenance Other Systems  More To Explore You Might Also Like 5 Extravagant Car Amenities Sure, we may need a car to get from point A to point B, but would we ever need our car to have an air purifier? How about leather interior ceilings? Or a bejeweled fuel cap? See five of the most extravagant amenities. Are you an ignition expert? Take the quiz! Automobile ignition systems rely on perfect timing. A simple spark, when delivered at precisely the right moment, can mean the difference between a smooth running and powerful engine that operates cleanly and an engine that runs rough, lacks power and produces unnecessary emissions. How much do you know about automobile ignition systems? Popular Articles 1966 Mercury S-55 1973 Chevrolet Chevelle SS Coupe Tony Stewart RELATED CATEGORIES: AUTO Auto Basics Auto Racing Car Models Fuel Efficiency Trucks Auto Parts  Systems Buying  Selling Driving  Safety Motorcycles Under the Hood  Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars How to Calculate Your Car's Fuel Consumption 5 Engine Oil Myths Quiz: Concept Cars That Made It Top 10 Car Summer Maintenance Tips  Most Watched Understanding Cars Auto Parts & Systems Deconstructed Wrecks to Riches: Rebuilding Classic Cars Car Accident Videos Bikes, Hacks, Trikes and Choppers  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking  STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home  Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit  Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US  1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc   