 The College The University of Chicago Menu About the College History Facts College Directory College Publications Dean of the College Collegiate Divisions Organizations Governance Website Staff Social Media Undergraduate Teaching Prizes Academics & Advising Advising Course Selection & Registration Majors & Minors Tutoring, Study Skills & Mentoring Academic Opportunities Information for Entering Students Planning for Your Future Funding Your Education Student Life Annual Events Arts & Entertainment Campus Services Chicago Community Service Dean's Fund for Student Life Student Groups Student Media Policies & Regulations Forms and Petitions Academic Integrity & Student Conduct Course Registration Policies Exams & Reading Period Grades & Honors Graduation Requirements Leaves, Restrictions, & Warnings Student Privacy Transcripts & Diplomas Twelfth Grade Certificate University Policies Help & Assistance College UChicago In this Section Annual Events Arts  Entertainment Campus Services Chicago Community Service Deans Fund for Student Life Student Groups Student Media Arts  Entertainment It might very well be impossible to list all of the entertainment and cultural opportunities on campus, so this is by no means a comprehensive list. Arts and Culture The go-to website for all things arts and culture, the University of Chicago Arts site canvasses the entire Chicago scene, focusing mainly on campus, but highlighting events in Hyde Park and downtown Chicago as well. Chicago Studies It’s not always about studies — Chicago Studies also posts news about events and outings in Chicago. The annual South Side History Bike Tour is fast becoming a must for savvy students. Choir Blog News on performances and anything that has to do with the vocal groups at the University of Chicago. Court Theatre Since 1955 the Court Theatre has been in residence on campus, focusing on classic works by playwrights like August Wilson, Tennessee Williams, Shakespeare, Ibsen, Chekhov, Beckett, and Tom Stoppard. cTV Sometimes you just want to relax and watch TV. If you’re on campus and your computer is connected to the network via Ethernet, you can watch TV on your computer. Doc Films “Doc” stands for “Documentary,” but don’t let the name fool you. Doc Films screens an eclectic mix of movies from every genre and time period. Experience Chicago Like Yelp, this site offers user reviews of local venues. Their tagline: “Where students go…and what they say about it.” Festival of the Arts Each May members of the University community display and perform their artistic creations in a week-long celebration of the arts. Not to be missed. Film Studies Center The FSC provides a host of services, including a gigantic on-site video library, film screenings with visiting filmmakers, and lecture series lead by scholars in the field of cinema and media studies. Music Groups Whether you want to join one or attend a performance, the Music Department boasts a large number of ensembles performing in a wide array of musical styles. Occam’s Razor One of two improv groups on campus, Occam’s Razor has been striving to “keep it simple, fresh, and funny” since 1999. Off-Off Campus Improvisational Comedy, or Improv as it is commonly called, originated at the University of Chicago. Off-off Campus is keeping the tradition alive. Renaissance Society Founded in 1915 by a group of University of Chicago faculty members, the Renaissance Society has exhibited the works of Picasso, Matisse, Paschke, Miro, O’Keeffe, Chagall, Warhol, and Mapplethorpe. Smart Museum The University’s art museum maintains a permanent collection of over 10,000 objects, spanning thousands of years, and features numerous special exhibitions. UC Dancers For over 30 years, this student dance group has been producing student choreography and performance on campus and around Chicago. They also offer weekly classes in jazz and modern styles. University Theater One of the oldest student-run theaters in the country, UT puts on over thirty-five shows a year, including student written and directed plays, dramatic readings, and full-scale theatrical productions. Take Action Discover Chicago The Chicago Studies site will connect you to the city in a whole new way. Study, engage, and discover the city of Chicago   College Directory | University Directory | Maps | Webmail | Make a Gift | Contact Us  2013 The University of Chicago 5801 South Ellis Ave. Chicago, IL 60637 | 773.702.1234 