 Skip to navigation Skip to content Jump to Navigation Auto Recalls Sudden Acceleration Accidents Loan Modification Fraud Recovering Loan Modification Fees FDCPA - Creditor Harrassment Real Estate Litigation Consumer Class Actions Legal and Medical Malpractice Personal Injury Employment Law Failure to Maintain Mobile Home Parks Mobile Home Park Relocations and Evictions Vehicle Fraud Used and Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Dealer Add-Ons and Other Unfair Prices Windshield Cracks Vehicle Deficiency Judgments  Used and Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Southern California Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle Lawyer Buyers of used or certified pre-owned vehicles sometimes mistakenly believe that they have no protections under the law when things go wrong with their purchase. They may have the misconception that only buyers of new vehicles have the protection of Lemon Law or legal recourse in the event of dealer fraud. This is simply not true! At the Law Office of Robert L. Starr, we are committed to achieving justice for people who have bought a used or certified pre-owned vehicle and then discovered that they were the victim of dealer fraud or bought a lemon. Passionate about cars, attorney Robert Starr and his team of in-house automotive experts stand ready to protect your rights of consumers throughout San Fernando Valley and Southern California. Know your rights, and take the right steps to protect them. If you have purchased a certified used vehicle and suspect you have a lemon, or have been the victim of car dealer fraud, contact our office for a free initial consultation . Purchasing a Used or Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle A certified pre-owned vehicle is a used car that is run through a dealers inspection. If it passes the inspection, the dealer gives it a certified designation that extends the original warranty period. A used vehicle is a car or truck that has been previously owned and still covered under the original factory warranty. Used and Certified Pre-Owned Lemons When it comes to used or certified pre-owned cars, consumers have the protections of California Lemon Law and federal warranty law. There is apresumption period under state law that, within the first 18,000 miles or 18 months the vehicle should be taken back by the manufacturer if a certain number of defects arise. Our firms contention is that this presumption period begins with the mileage or time that YOU add to the vehicle, not the mileage or time that the original owner put on it. When you purchase a used car, the clock starts over. If you have bought a used or certified pre-owned car and suspect you may have gotten a lemon, visit our Auto Lemon Law page to find out how we can help you. Dealer Fraud, Misrepresentation and the Failure to Disclose When you purchase a used or certified pre-owned car, you rely on the dealerships representation that the vehicle is in working order. You have the right to expect that the dealer will disclose any material issues about the condition of the car, including any history of accidents, repair or damage, as well as information about prior status as a lease or salvage vehicle. Dealers have an affirmative duty under the law not to hide material facts about the vehicle from consumers. Concealment of important facts is fraud . The dealer is supposed to provide accurate information about the car, even if you dont ask. When this does not occur or you are given false information, you may have a fraud claim against the dealer. Learn more by visiting our Vehicle Fraud page. Whos Responsible? Whether a lemon or fraud situation, it may be the manufacturer, dealer or BOTH of these that may be held responsible. The Law Office of Robert L. Starr has the experience it takes to carefully analyze your claim and know whom to pursue to maximize your recovery, whether through repurchase, replacement, or cash settlement and repair. Call 818-224-7691 or contact us online to schedule a free initial consultation. Our office in Woodland Hills is open 8 am to 6 pm Monday through Friday, with other times available by appointment. We are conveniently located by the 101 Freeway, off the Woodlake Avenue exit (northbound 101) or the Valley Circle exit (southbound 101). Off-site appointments are also available. Spanish language services available / Se habla Espaol  Search Auto Recalls Sudden Acceleration Accidents Loan Modification Fraud Recovering Loan Modification Fees FDCPA - Creditor Harrassment Real Estate Litigation Consumer Class Actions Legal and Medical Malpractice Personal Injury Employment Law Failure to Maintain Mobile Home Parks Mobile Home Park Relocations and Evictions Vehicle Fraud Used and Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles Dealer Add-Ons and Other Unfair Prices Windshield Cracks Vehicle Deficiency Judgments Auto Lemon Law Motorcycle Lemon Law RV Lemon Law High-End Appliance Lemon Law NOTE: Labels in bold are required. Contact Information Name E-mail Phone Message I have read and understand the disclaimer. disclaimer .  23277 Ventura Boulevard Woodland Hills, CA 91364 Phone: 818.224.7691 or 888.366.4080 Fax: 818-225-9042 E-Mail Us | Map  Directions  Home Page Firm Overview Attorney Profile Practice Area Overview Resource Links Contact Us The Law Office of Robert L. Starr provides legal services to Woodland Hills, Van Nuys, Encino, Thousand Oaks, Westlake Village, Simi Valley, Moorpark, Pasadena, Calabasas, Valencia, Santa Clarita, Rancho Cucamonga and Lakeview Terrace, Los Angeles County, Ventura County, Orange County and Riverside County, Inland Empire, Southern California and San Fernando Valley, California.  2013 by The Law Office of Robert L. Starr . All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map FirmSite by FindLaw , a Thomson Reuters business. SiteCatalyst code version: H.20.3.Copyright 1997-2009 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com 