Cart My Account Track Order Help (888) 437-4272 Select Year Select Make Select Model Select Sub Model Select Engine Select Your Vehicle Acura Parts American Motors Parts Audi Parts BMW Parts Buick Parts Cadillac Parts Chevrolet Parts Chrysler Parts Dodge Parts Ford Parts GEO Parts GMC Parts Honda Parts Hyundai Parts Infiniti Parts International Parts Isuzu Parts Jaguar Parts Jeep Parts KIA Parts Land Rover Parts Lexus Parts Lincoln Parts Mazda Parts Mercedes-Benz Parts Mercury Parts Mitsubishi Parts Nissan Parts Oldsmobile Parts Plymouth Parts Pontiac Parts Porsche Parts Saab Parts Saturn Parts Subaru Parts Suzuki Parts Toyota Parts Volkswagen Parts Volvo Parts All Makes Specialty Vehicle Auto Parts Performance Parts Truck Parts Van Parts SUV Parts Muscle Car Parts Classic Car Parts Discount Auto Parts Car Parts Discount is an industry leader among online discount auto parts stores. We provide new Original Equipment Manufacturer ( OEM ), rebuilt and aftermarket automobile parts, truck parts, auto body parts , classic car parts , and automotive parts for domestic and imported vehicles. Thanks to our streamlined order processing system and extensive distribution network, Car Parts Discount online auto parts stores supply its customers with high-quality automotive parts, truck parts and engine parts , which are quickly shipped to wholesale and retail customers in the United States, Canada and world-wide. Car Parts Discount’s online auto parts warehouse and courteous and helpful customer service call center are located in the USA and work diligently to assist you with automotive parts selection, answer car parts ordering questions, and take care of the occasional automobile part return or exchange. Car Parts Car Parts Discount prides itself on providing discount automotive parts, but don’t think that means our online discount auto parts stores sell cheap car parts , salvage parts , used parts , or cheap truck parts! Car Parts Discount searches tirelessly for quality OEM and aftermarket automotive parts that present the best “bang for the buck” performance for our wholesale car parts and online discount auto parts store customers. Our OEM and aftermarket replacement car parts are manufactured in modern quality-controlled production facilities in the United States, Germany, Japan, Taiwan and Mexico to name just a few, sometimes even in the same factories that manufactured your original equipment American, Japanese, Asian, European or German automobile parts. Whatever car or truck you drive, be assured Car Parts Discount online discount auto parts stores have a huge selection of the repair and replacement automobile parts you need to keep your car or truck operating efficiently and performing at its best. Car Parts Discount online discount auto parts stores also sell a wide variety of brake parts , interior parts , engine parts , exhaust parts , chrome parts , spare parts  accessories for both late-model and classic cars and trucks. And most of the automotive parts in the Car Parts Discount online catalog are in-stock and ready to ship, because our online discount auto parts stores receive daily shipments of domestic and import parts from our aftermarket and OEM automobile part suppliers. Automotive Parts Our huge inventory enables Car Parts Discount online discount auto parts stores to ship most automotive parts within three business days of order, and most special orders within five to seven business days. Car Parts Discount online auto parts stores carry a wide variety of automotive parts lines, why settle for generic automotive parts when you can repair your automobile with high-quality OEM or aftermarket car parts? And if you own a professional repair shop, you might be surprised to learn our online discount auto parts stores prices are often lower than your local wholesale car parts supplier. Call 888-437-4272 toll-free or visit the Car Parts Discount website today to find out how much you can save on your next order. Automobile Parts Our discount auto parts stores have been in business since 1987, which means Car Parts Discount knows what it takes to satisfy customers in need of replacement automobile parts for all kinds of automobile or engine repair. Whether you’re a DIY automobile enthusiast or are buying car parts to be installed by a professional mechanic (saving you lots of money), you need the right car part or truck part and you need it quickly. Car Parts Discount’s massive car parts inventory and distribution network helps us meet your needs, from the latest chrome accessories to the engine parts needed for a full rebuild. Best of all, Car Parts Discount online discount auto parts stores make it easy to find the car parts and truck parts you need, check prices and availability, and place your order – all online with just a few clicks on your computer. And if you need any help with your car parts order, our friendly customer service representatives are just a phone call away! Truck Parts The automobile is great for highway commuters and spirited driving on winding roads, but trucks and SUVs are the workhorses of today. Driven hard and regularly subjected to heavy cargo loads and 4WD off-road driving, trucks, Jeeps and SUVs often need more maintenance than cars – and that makes it even more important to find an online source for discount truck parts . Sure you can buy salvage or used truck parts, but most of the time used truck parts are just as worn as the automotive part being replaced, not to mention the labor cost of the auto repair. Car Parts Discount online discount auto parts stores recommend new OEM, rebuilt or aftermarket truck parts so you only have to repair it once, saving you money and time. And it’s easy to find the trucks parts you need; just visit our online discount auto parts stores web site, then enter the year of your truck, the truck make, and truck model to view all of the parts available for your truck, lowrider, 4x4, Jeep or SUV. Then add the truck parts you need to our online shopping cart and complete your purchase – it’s that easy to save! Discount Auto Parts Stores We invite you to compare Car Parts Discount automotive part prices and service to other online discount auto parts stores . Our web site is available 24/7 for easy online automobile part selection and ordering, and our friendly customer service department can be reached Monday through Friday from 8AM to 5PM Pacific Time. We’re so confident you’ll be pleased with our discount auto parts and service, Car Parts Discount auto parts stores offer a 30 day return policy on uninstalled auto parts, truck parts and engine parts returned in new condition with a proper return authorization number. It’s just one of the reasons why Car Parts Discount online auto parts stores should be the first place you go when you need discount auto parts! 