 Top College News Subscribe to the Newsletter Home  Sections News Opinion & Editorial Features Arts & Entertainment Sports RU Scene Letter to the Editor Podcasts Torched About Us Jobs Social circle Roosevelt University WRBC: The Blaze Torch on YouTube Facebook  Torch  Sections  Arts & Entertainment ‘21 and Over’: truly adult humor rutorchnews@gmail.com Published: Monday, March 4, 2013 Updated: Monday, March 4, 2013 18:03  Courtesy of Relativity Media. With spring break right around the corner for Roosevelt University, students are planning what they’ll be doing. There’s a movie out right now that will not only leave you with laughs and a little disgust but also some crazy ideas for the coming break. “21 and Over” takes us back to the “less school, more fool” aspect of college life. When college student Jeff Chang (played by Justin Chon) turns 21, he unfortunately has to focus on an important appointment that will shape his medical career. However, his two best friends, Miller (Miles Teller) and Casey (Skylar Astin), drop by unexpectedly to make sure he celebrates his special day with a wild night of bar hopping, dancing and even some embarrassing moments. For how much John Lucas and Scott Moore did for “The Hangover,” they do little for “21 and Over.” There’s a lot of predictability, and this film will most likely fade away faster than most modern comedies. However, this is also a clever movie that is packed with very good and hilarious writing and antics that can only make one wonder if this really goes on at college campuses nationwide. We get more of a reflection of the social college life than a film. That’s not a bad thing at all because “21 and Over” is fun and very funny. Throughout the film, Chang is often so drunk that he is unconscious and carried away from one party to another, similar to the dead character in “Weekend at Bernie’s.” The racist jokes, including subjects like a rowdy Latina sorority and the “drinking Serbs,” come off as a tad much, but prodding by the pals of Randy the Bully (played by Jonathan Keltz) is very funny. Nonstop debauchery and mischief is what “21 and Over” is all about. However, that’s about it. But not to worry, “21 and Over” is a great laugh for 90 minutes, and that is something a college student needs during their studies. As most wild nights of drinking and mayhem, the film ends on a serious note, learning that Chang doesn’t want to become a doctor and has to confront his strict father. Also, most nights of college binge-drinking and fun come with the aftermath of the hangover and what happened the night before. This is exactly the case with the kids of “21 and Over” as they wait for their friend on the steps of the college medical office reflecting on what they went through. When all is said and done, the guys realize they have their whole lives ahead of them, so they get back to business just like our fellow Roosevelt classmates. “21 and Over” does a great job of reflecting the good times of college. Just don’t take it too seriously. I don’t see this film being any classic along the lines of “Animal House” or “Revenge of the Nerds.” However, “21 and Over” is a fun night out for those who decide not to go out. Many students will see a reflection of themselves in these funny and not so funny moments that most of us go through when we go out. This film should be a treat for its comedy as well as its dialogue and great characters in the film. So for a great time of laughter and goofs, check out “21 and Over.” It’s sure to bring back some memories of last semester. Or even last night.   Hilariously entertaining or immature and predictable? Tweet us your review of “21 and Over” @RUTORCH Recommended: Articles that may interest you Facebook Comments Site Comments Be the first to comment on this article! Add comment       I have read and accepted     I am not posting spam. I understand posting spam or other comments that are unrelated to this article will cause my comment to be flagged for deletion and possibly cause my IP address to be permanently banned from this server. log out    - Roosevelt Torch This site is powered by: is a member of the Official Music Sponsor: 