  Accessibility Links Skip to main content Skip to CBC accessibility page CBC Global Navigation CBC.ca News News Menu Sports Sports Menu Music Radio Radio Menu TV TV Menu My Region Menu More CBC Menu Watch Watch Menu Listen Listen Menu  Home Categories Arts & Entertainment Economy & Business Environment Health Lifestyle Politics Science & Technology Society Sports War & Conflict Discover Programs Great Interviews Guess Who On This Day For Teachers Educational Materials Classroom Tips Assessment Suite About Us Preservation & Restoration Awards & Recognition Equipment Our Work Archives Team Tools FAQ Glossary Contact Us Franais Arts & Entertainment: Literature Looking for a specific CBC program for radio or television? Look no further. We've organized them below in alphabetical order for you to search through. Number of Clips Project Name Brief Description 12 Antonine Maillet, Acadian Avenger "I have avenged my ancestors," said author Antonine Maillet in 1979 with the publication of her book Pélagie-la-Charrette. Maillet broke new ground and became the voice of disenfranchised Acadians. She would tell the sad tale of the Acadian expulsion in the 18th century. She would also write about mothers, a washerwoman named la Sagouine, bootleggers, fishermen, dreamers — struggling to exist alongside the English majority. CBC Archives explores the career of Acadian author Antonine Maillet. 17 Beyond Green Gables: The Life of Lucy Maud Montgomery One hundred years ago, Anne of Green Gables introduced readers to one of the most enduring characters in fiction and launched Canada's most lucrative literary franchise. The heartwarming story of the plucky red-headed orphan has gone on to sell hundreds of millions of copies and become the basis for an unprecedented television phenomenon. But behind the fictional and feisty Anne Shirley lurked the often-tormented life of author Lucy Maud Montgomery. CBC Archives takes a look at the life, death and lasting legacy of the woman who created Anne. 10 Canada Reads: Authors, Advocates and Awards Since its debut in 2002, CBC Radio's Canada Reads has quickly become a popular and influential show, attracting huge audiences and driving up book sales. Each year, CBC convenes a panel of prominent Canadians to each pick a work of Canadian fiction and argue why their choice should be the book that all of Canada reads. The CBC Digital Archives brings you a collection of the animated and entertaining final debates, winner "reveals" and interviews with the winning authors of Canada Reads. 52 Literature General 17 Margaret Atwood: Queen of CanLit Poet, novelist, storywriter and essayist — the Ottawa native is a Canadian literary giant. Margaret Atwood first raised eyebrows as a young poet in the 1960s. Since then, one of Canada's most written about writers has struggled to keep her personal life private. Over her prolific career, Atwood has earned a reputation for being brilliant but aloof. But her caustic tongue and wicked sense of humour only fuel Atwood's stature as an internationally acclaimed writer. 10 Margaret Laurence: Canada's Divine Writer Margaret Laurence was one of Canada's most esteemed and beloved writers. She is best known for her Manawaka novels — The Stone Angel, A Jest of God, The Fire Dwellers and The Diviners — which are considered classics of Canadian literature. Yet few know the facts of Laurence's extraordinary and sometimes difficult life. 27 Mordecai Richler Was Here When Mordecai Richler left Canada for Paris, he was a brooding young intellectual with lots to say. He returned a prolific, respected writer with a keen eye for the absurd and the magnetism to charm or anger just about all of his contemporaries. From Montreal's Jewish ghetto to Quebec nationalism to boring Anglophones to hypocritical politicians – the incomparable Richler commented, questioned, laughed and angered. 9 The Lives of Alice Munro A master of the short story, Alice Munro is one of Canada's most acclaimed literary treasures. With characters and settings that often mirror her own background and memories, her unadorned yet emotionally searing stories have enthralled readers since her first collection was published in 1968. With this selection of eight interviews from 1974 to 2007, CBC Digital Archives uncovers a witty, revealing and generous author.  Arts & Entertainment Categories Architecture Dance Film Humour Literature Media Music Poetry Sculpture Television Theatre Visual Arts CBC Global Footer CBC.ca Aboriginal Books Contests Digital Archives Documentaries Kids Kids' CBC Preschool Kids' CBC Wonder World Music News Parents Program Guide Radio Sports Television CBC Member Centre CBC Player CBC Shop Corporate About CBC Transparency and Accountability Jobs Production Facilities Mobile Production Rentals Ombudsman CBC: Get the Facts Independent Producers Pitch a Radio or Audio Program Program and Content Sales Archive Sales Educational Sales Image Research Library  Still Photos Consumer Recordings Digital TV Stay Connected Mobile RSS Podcasts Member Services: Newsletters  Alerts CBC Links Terms Of Use Reuse  Permissions Advertise Privacy Site Map Help Contact Us CBC Radio-Canada Copyright  CBC 2013 cbc.radio-canada.ca cbc.ca radio-canada.ca  