   Home Subscribe to an RSS feed News Ipso Facto Supreme Court Watch Being Green PittMAP: Around the World in 120 Days Sports Bob Smizik's Blog Fantasy Factor Heads In The Game The Starting Line Arts, Entertainment, Living Tuned In Game Guy Get Rhythm 6 Degrees OnStage BlueNotes Menus That Save Travels Without Charley Clutch: Get a Hold of Style Opinion Feel Like Going On The Radical Middle Post-Gazette.com News Local Sports Living AE Business Opinion Multimedia Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Home Arts, Entertainment, Living Tuned In TV review: 'In the Flesh,' BBC America's new zombie series  TV review: In the Flesh, BBC Americas new zombie series Wednesday, 05 June 2013 11:32 AM Written by Rob Owen  Print Email The popularity of zombies continues unabated this summer at the movies ("World War Z") and back on TV with BBC America's "In the Flesh" (10 p.m. Thursday) serving as an undead placeholder for AMC's "The Walking Dead," which is expected to return with new episodes this fall. Read more after the jump. ... "In the Flesh" tells a zombie story from the zombie's point of view. Kieren Walker (Luke Newberry, above) is a zombie in the process of being reformed. He suffers from PDS (partially deceased syndrome, at right) and through medicine he's being treated for his zombie conditioned and being returned to his home and family, much to the chagrin of some protestors who don't want even "cured" zombies in their community. "In the Flesh" offers a fresh, clever take on the zombie story; it could almost be a sequel to "The Walking Dead" in a time after a cure has been found (there's also less blood and gore than seen in "TWD"). "In the Flesh" also offers a fictional take on real-world reactions to "others" moving into a community, whether it's the other by nationality, ethnicity, sexual orientation or convicted felons. A NIMBY (Not In My BackYard) spirit abides in the townspeople featured in "In the Flesh." On the home front, Kieren must get reacquainted with his family, including his sister, who's part of the Rotter-hating Human Volunteer Force, which took down zombies prior to the creation of a cure. Kieren also deals with his own guilt for the atrocities he committed while in his zombie state. This three-part series airs at 10 p.m. nightly, Thursday through Saturday. More in this category:  'Teen Wolf,' season three Bar's open again at 'Sullivan & Son'  back to top P-G TV writer Rob Owen blogs about television and the TV industry. Follow Tuned In Rob on Facebook @RobOwenTV Feed This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. "> This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Favorite sites TV Tattle Deadline Hollywood Daily Metacritic TV Tuned In Journal archive TIJ Archives May 2006-June 2008 Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS SHOPPING CARS REAL ESTATE PG Store CONTESTS Contact Us Site Map Media Kit 34 Allies About Us Corrections RSS Feeds Technical Help? Products & Services PG Sites: PG+ Pipeline Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sports Town Pittsburgh Mom Pittsburgh Rides The Digs Special Projects PG Plate Social Media: Twitter: News Customer Care Facebook Pinterest TumblrYoutube Google+ Print: Home Delivery Rates Back Copies Newsstand Electronic: PGe Press Copyright 1997  2013 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Page generated in: 0.0206 Page generated in: 0.0207Copyright 1997  2013 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of Use Privacy Policy  