 money section  Saving & Spending Budgeting Banking Credit Cards Loans Real Estate Buying a Home Home Loans Selling a Home Business & Career Career Advice Land the Job Work for Yourself Start a Business Run a Business Insurance Insurance Basics Auto Insurance Life Insurance Retirement Get Started Plan Ahead Make It Last Investing Building Wealth Balancing a Portfolio Managing Your Money eHow Now More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Careers  Work Careers Writing Jobs How to Start a Celebrity Blog How to Start a Celebrity Blog By an eHow Contributor Share Print this article Looking to become the next gossip mogul? To delve into the world of celebrity gossip requires courage. It's about more than writing and editing images to start a celebrity blog. It takes hard work and perseverance to achieve a successful website. Other People Are Reading How to Make a Blog Famous How to Come Up With a Good Blog Name Instructions 1 Pick a name for the blog. Selecting a name is the first impression of the content on the blog. Choose a name that's easy to memorize and hard to forget. For that extra special touch create a tag line. Check the name first, to avoid duplication. 2 Decide about the content before writing the celebrity blog. Determine the writing style. Some celebrity blogs mock celebrities, show unflattering images and criticized them. Fewer blogs focus on the good deeds of celebrities and positive aspects of the celebrity lifestyle. 3 Find a blogging platform. Some blogging platforms are free and others require a monthly service fee. Customize the layout and style of the blog. Design an eye catching website that doesn't distract from the content. 4 Build traffic to attract readers. Try leaving comments featuring a link back to your site on major blog networks. Submit articles discussing the website or celebrity profile to online article directories. Invite a guest to post or another celebrity blogger volunteer to post on the site. 5 Draw your readers into the new blog by posting at least once a day. Consider starting a group blog. Sharing a blog with several other writers can prevent burnout and ensures the website is always updated. 6 Research and learn about the specifics to running a blog. For quick instruction look for online tutorials that describe building and maintaining a blog or celebrity gossip website. Tips  Warnings A great way to gain blogging experience is to become a member of a blogging network. These sites usually provide hands on and in depth experience that can help make the blogging experience pain free. Respect the copyright of online material that you come across. Most sites that contain celebrity pictures have to purchase them. If you can't afford to do the same search for royalty free celebrity images online. Allowing readers to leave comments is one of the fastest ways to gain feedback on your site and find out what areas need improvement. You are responsible for the words you publish on your site. Bloggers have faced legal charges due to slanderous content and using copyrighted material. Related Searches Resources Before starting your blog check out your toughest competition from Perez Hilton. More Like This How to Make a Blog Famous How to Come Up With a Good Blog Name How to Become an Entertainment Reporter Comments You May Also Like How to Start a Free Gossip Website How to Start a Celebrity Blog; How to Make Your Own Gossip Web Pages; Comments You May Also Like. How to Start... How to Make a Gossip Blog Site How to Make a Gossip Blog Site. Celebrity gossip is one way to get blog traffic. ... How to Start a Celebrity... How to Write a Letter to a Celebrity Writing up to the minute celebrity gossip has made bloggers and columnists famous. Celebrity gossip is seeing an unprecedented upswing, ... eHow... How to Make Your Own Gossip Web Pages Celebrity gossip websites such as TMZ, Just Jared and Perez Hiltons blog have made gossip websites not only trendy but profitable for... How to Write Celebrity Gossip How to Make a Gossip Blog Site; Comments You May Also Like. ... How to Make a Gossip Blog Site. Celebrity gossip... How to Write a Popular Blog Whether you want to start a celebrity gossip blog or a presidential campaign blog, ... How to Write a Blog on MySpace.... How to Start a Successful Entertainment Blog How to Start a Celebrity Blog. How to Make a Blog. How to Start a Blog. How to Start a Blog. How... How to Become an Online Gossip Columnist Create a blog. You can create your ... Writing up to the minute celebrity gossip has made bloggers and columnists famous. ...... How to Make Your Own Celebrity Look Alike Costumes How to Make Your Own Celebrity Look Alike Costumes. Become a celebrity look-alike by studying how the celebrity dresses. If you ...... How to End a Celebrity Gossip Addiction How to Start a Celebrity Blog; How to Start a Free Gossip Website; Comments. kavitapatel May 12, 2010. Great article. Thank you... How to Create a Daily Calendar Blog How to Create a Daily Calendar Blog. WordPress bloggers make about half a million posts every day. ... Celebrity gossip is one... How to Make a Blog Layout How you create a layout for your blog depends on what kind of blog you want. If you have a blog on... How to Start Blogging A blog is a website built around a journal-like platform that authors to document their daily lives, to share their ideas and... How to Make Money Writing A Blog Blogger.com and WordPress.com allow you to create a blog at no cost, but there are drawbacks. ... How to Make Money From... How to Start a Blog How to Start a Blog. Today on the Internet, anyone can start a successful blog. ... If you want to start a... How to Get Paid To Blog - Paid Blogging Networks One of the easiest, most popular and profitable ways to generate an additional income stream from your blog/s is to do some... How to Start a Website to Sell My Celebrity Pictures Starting a website to sell celebrity pictures involves little to no risk and not that much money. The key to make it... How to Become a Professional Blogger A blog, which combines the words web and log, is a public online forum in which one or more bloggers (writers) maintains... How to Start a Fan Club They advertise a sincere appreciation of the celebrity and his work. Many people do not know how ... How to Start a... How to Title a Blog Giving your blog a great title is an important element to consider. It is the first thing that catches the readers attention.... Related Ads  View Photos Splurge vs. Spend: Your Grocery List You May Like How to Become an Entertainment Reporter How to Start a Successful Entertainment Blog How to Become a Blogger How to Write Celebrity Gossip How to Make a Blog Online How to Start a Free Gossip Website How to Find a Blog on Blogger How to have a successful blog Featured 3 Money-Saving Tricks Youve Never Heard Of Check It Out Frugal Grocery Shopping Tips View Photos 10 Ways to Build Up Home Equity Check It Out Others Also Viewed How to Write Celebrity Gossip How to Start Your Own High Profit Blog or Website How to Write Celebrity Satire How to Interview a Celebrity How to Become a Celebrity Agent ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 