 SITE MENU Submit An Article Bulk Article Submission Syndicate Articles Privacy Policy Terms of Use Link To Us Contact Us Site Map Home CATEGORIES Auto & Trucks Business & Finance Computers & Internet Education Environment and Going Green Family Food & Drink Gadgets and Gizmos Health Hobbies Home Improvement Humor Kids & Teens Legal Marketing Men Music and Movies Online Business Parenting Pets and Animals Politics and Government Recreation & Sports Relationships Religion and Faith Self Improvement Site Promotion Travel & Leisure Web Development Women Writing Keyword Search Article Title Author's Name  Chicago Classic Car Culture by: Todd Fredricks  Does Chicago have an active car culture? The answer to that question is a resounding "yes!" Anyone who has driven past McCormick place during the annual auto show can vouch for that. Just look around Chicago and you can see the love affair in action. No place is this more evident than in the local cruise nights that pop up in many suburban locations during the summer months. Whether you go there to show a car, see a classic hot rod, or just get out of the house, the Chicago classic cruise nights are some of the best. During the summer months from dinnertime to dusk on practically every day of the week, you can wander streets from the far northern suburbs to the south side and check out vehicles from the past. Cars of all sizes, ages, and colors will be rolling down "Main Street" in the downtown districts of suburban Chicago. "These shows are all about community and family" says the creator of a web site that promotes these shows. "People get out with their wife and kids, have an ice cream cone, and swap stories on ideas for next weekendï¿½s garage tinkering project." People find out about these local shows from their newspaper, car clubs, and online resources like ChicagoAreaCruiseNight.com. Members of such web sites enjoy the online format because it allows them to share photos, chat in the forums, and have a place to share stories when they cannot attend a cruise night. The web format is also popular in that dreaded Chicago winter season when all classic cars stay bundled up in their garages. ChicagoAreaCruiseNight.com has cruise night listings by each day of the week, as well as by suburban location. Virtually all classic car shows welcome visitors free of charge. New visitors should keep a couple points in mind as they walk the shows as a little etiquette goes a long way. - Don't touch the cars - Don't reach inside a car (or get inside a car!) - Keep strollers, buggies, and wagons a safe distance from the cars - Keep a close eye on small children - Cars coming and going all the time can be dangerous. - If you lean over too admire the engine or get a closer look, watch out for your belt buckle or the zipper on your jacket or other metal items on your clothing. - Don't stand on running boards - If you donï¿½t have something nice to say, donï¿½t say anything at all While hot rod culture has diminished over time, it has never completely gone away. Groups of grease monkeys and car lovers have always gravitated to the classic American car and everything it stands for. Today, whether it's because of an excuse to get the family out of the house, a reason to polish up the old jalopy, or just a love of classic cars, cruise nights are flourishing around Chicago. About The Author Todd Fredricks For more information or complete Chicago Cruise Night information visit the http://www.chicagoareacruisenight.com/ . This article was posted on July 04, 2007  View More Videos from the " Auto and Trucks " category: How to Fix the Morris Minor Parcel Shelf Learn about Jet Cars The History of Detroitâs Big Three Carmakers New Jaguar XJ Debut with Jay Leno Part 1/2 Read More Articles from the " Auto and Trucks " Category: What Do I Need To Worry About When Buying A Second Hand Car? by Louis Rix Save on Gas Sensibly and Sanely by Matthew C. Keegan Aftermarket Car Parts - What You Can Get by Louie Liu How To Get A Free Radar Detector In 3 Easy Steps by Michael Kim Commercial Van Insurance -- The In's and Out's by Peter Fitzpatrick The Importance of Car Information by Morgan Hamilton Toyota Avalon: Toyotaâs Flagship by Mark Clarkson LED Tail Lights - Compete With The Stars by Andrew Werner Motorcycle Gloves Helps to Protect the Hands by Shelly Resta Range Rover Sport V8 supercharged: Arden 520hp Boost With Inside-Out Styling by Bechara Aboul-Nasr  Back to "Auto And Trucks" Index Disclaimer: The information presented and opinions expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of ArticleCity.com and/or its partners. Search || Bulk Article Submission || Submit An Article || Syndicate Articles Free Videos || Advertising || Home || Privacy Policy Terms of Use || Link To Us || Site Map || Contact Us This site uses Thumbshots previews 