 View Question Q:Gunsmoke - Arts and Entertainment ( Answered ,0Comments) Question Subject: Gunsmoke - Arts and Entertainment Category: Arts and Entertainment  Television Asked by: susduncan-ga List Price:$2.00 Posted:19 Apr 2004 21:24 PDT Expires:19 May 2004 21:24 PDT Question ID:332890 On what episode did Deputy Chester leave Gunsmoke and why did he leave? Answer Subject: Re: Gunsmoke - Arts and Entertainment Answered By: clouseau-ga on19 Apr 2004 22:30 PDT Hello susduncan,Thank you for your question.As noted on TV Tome, the last episode for Chester was episode 333: http://www.tvtome.com/tvtome/servlet/EpisodeGuideSummary/showid-236/season-9 ...333. Bently gs: Jan Clayton (Clara Wright) Charles McGraw (Albert Calvin) JuneDayton (Emily Calvin) Bill Erwin (Ned Wright) Gene Lyons (Fletcher)Burt Reynolds (Quint Asper)Ned Wright is on his death bed. His wife Clara goes to town to getDoc. Mrs. Crown tells Matt she doesnt want a murderers wife in town.The Calvins watch the angry mob around Clara. Ned was tried forkilling David Bently but was acquitted. Ned admits to killing Bentlyto Doc and Clara, then dies. Emily Calvin asks her husband Albert ifClara could stay with them. Quint tells Chester he doesnt think Neddid it. Fletcher, a gunman, comes into the Long Branch. Calvin wasBentlys best friend. Chester asks him if Bently had any enemies.Calvin hires Fletcher to kill Chester. Fletcher agrees on $500 thentakes notice of the house and upd it to $1000. Emily asks why did yougive that man so much money. Calvin accuses Emily of fooling aroundwith Bently. Calvin says he killed Bently. Fletcher tells Chester hesbeen hired to kill him. Fletcher says hes never killed anyone.Chester gives him $18, but he wont tell who hired him. Chesterfigures its Calvin. Chester tells Calvin someone stole $18 from him.Alberts going to kill Chester. He locks Emily up and leaves with ashotgun. Emily climbs out of the window and runs to tell Chester,Alberts gonna kill you. Chester sees Albert outside and yells duck toEmily. Albert fires. Emily is killed. Albert returns home and cantfind Emily. Chester brings Emilys body to Albert. Clara says goodbyeto Albert. He tells her he killed Bently. Ned confessed so peoplewould take pity of Clara. Albert killed and Ned and Clara suffered. b: 11-Apr-1964 w: John Kneubuhl d: Harry Harris NOTE: The last episode to feature Chester (Dennis Weaver)...This page mentions that Weaver left Gunsmoke for another role: http://cayman.globat.com/~trademarksnet.com/GUNSMOKE/GunsmokeTGAW/Marks-Stuff/Gunsmoke/chester-bio.htm ...Dennis Weaver left Gunsmoke to play a veterinarian in what television series?Kentucky Jones ... it ran for one season. The series was originallytitled Kentuckys Kid and was designed to star Jack Carson...Australias TV Time notes the following on his leaving in a 1962interview with James Arness: http://cayman.globat.com/~trademarksnet.com/GUNSMOKE/GunsmokeTGAW/Marks-Stuff/Gunsmoke/Interviews/Arness22Sept62.PDF ...Arness said: Weve all probably had our secret doubts about goingon with it. He pushed his dusty Stetson back on his head and addedcandidly: Maybe there isnt much more I can do with the role afterall this time. But so what? The doughs stillcoming in, and I couldkeep on playing Matt Dillon forever. When Dennis left the show thispast season to seek out greener pastures I told him hed be back.And, Arness pointed out, he did return. But for awhile it was kindof tough trying to figure out what would happen to the show with himgone. Public opinion called him back. We were swamped with lettersasking for him. So when his own TV show idea fell through he cameback. I was mighty happy to see him....Evidently, after 7 years or so relationships had eroded among theactors. Weaver left for the starring role mentioned above.Search Strategy:chesters OR weavers +last episode +gunsmokewhy did dennis weaver leave gunsmokeI trust my research has provided you with the answer you desired. If alink above should fail to work or anything require further explanationor research, please do post a Request for Clarification prior torating the answer and closing the question and I will be pleased toassist further.Regards,-=clouseau=- Comments There are no comments at this time. Important Disclaimer: Answers and comments provided on Google Answers are generalinformation, and are not intended to substitute forinformed professional medical, psychiatric, psychological, tax,legal, investment, accounting, or other professionaladvice. Google does not endorse, and expressly disclaimsliability for any product, manufacturer, distributor,service or service provider mentioned or any opinionexpressed in answers or comments. Please read carefully the Google Answers Terms of Service . If you feel that you have found inappropriate content,please let us know by emailing us at answers-support@google.com with the question ID listed above. Thank you. Search Google Answers for Google Home - Answers FAQ - Terms of Service - Privacy Policy