  Unanswered Questions New Answers Q Categories Coupons Guides Sign In | Sign Up Home Search Settings Top Contributors Help Center Home Answers  Cars & Vehicles MORE Connect with Facebook See what questions your friends are asking today. Legacy account member? Sign in. Categories Cars & Vehicles Answers.com > Wiki Answers > Categories > Cars & Vehicles > Car Selling > What is a crossover auto? What is a crossover auto? In: Car Selling [ Edit categories ]  Answer: Crossover cars or "SUVs" have no real definition, a vehicle mix of car and suv, "They take the best of both worlds and appeal to a cross-section of buyers who want the benefits of both cars and SUVs. These vehicles differ from conventional sport utilities in that they have fully independent suspension, giving them better handling and steadiness on the roads. They're perfect for people who don't need to carry heavy cargo or drive over rough terrain, since they're certainly not designed for off-road driving." Thanks to Prakash Gandhi * bankrate.com  Did we answer your question? Yes No Partially Tell us more (optional) Submit Text Contributors Improve this Answer... Improve Answer History Related Answers: What is a crossover record? "Crossovers" are records that become hits in more than one genre or format; a country song that make What are crossover teacher? teachers who teach more than one subject or whose courses could be defined as part of multiple categ What is a crossover snowmobile? A Cross Over Snowmobile is a machine that is built with a longer track for deep powder riding and a What is is a crossover chart? a chart of costs at the possible volumes for more than one process What are fanfiction crossovers? Fanfiction crossovers are fanfiction stories that have characters from other shows in another show's What is a crossover connection? A crossover connection "crosses" the transmit and receive signals in a transmission so that two devi Can you answer these? What does Bases do in the Human Body? In: Human Anatomy Answer it! Would a copper plated object be considered a pure substance why or why not? In: Elements and Compounds Answer it! Why so many different shapes of Phillips screwdrivers? In: Construction Tools Answer it! What do you have to do to meet tom cruise? In: Tom Cruise Answer it! Ã‚Â» more Related Articles: 5 Things You Need to Know About Halo 5 Most Touching Celeb Reactions to Cory Monteith's Death 8 Things You Didn't Know About Jennifer Lawrence 5 Worst Superhero Movies Related Articles 5 Best Diesel Cars by Highway Mileage Are Auto Defrost Chest Freezers Better for Your Home? Easy Steps to Setup the Auto Login for XP Email Auto Response Suggestions for Professionals The Benefits of Securing Pre-approved Auto Loans The Most Necessary Auto Repair Tools for Any DIYer Using Auto Login in XP Using Auto Reply in Your Email  Contributors Supervisors Clay Trust : 11413 Automobiles Supervisor Google Profile  Recommend Supervisor  Top Contributors This Week Imo pop Trust Points: 1440 Member Since: 11/09 Prioktan918 Trust Points: 3685 Member Since: 1/12 LincMad Trust Points: 1481 Member Since: 12/10 William Howe Trust Points: 3139 Member Since: 10/10 Jimmy Hernandez Trust Points: 379 Member Since: 5/12  Answers Properties Answers Wiki Answers Video Answers Experts Guides Coupons ResellerRatings Local Answers Online Answers Shop Answers Surveys Blog Sitemap Company About Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Consumer Choice IP Issues Disclaimer Community Guidelines Reputation Roles Help Updates Email Watchlist RSS International sites English | Deutsch | Espaol | Franais | Italiano | Tagalog Copyright  2013 Answers Corporation facebook twitter youtube blog  Sign in using: Answers members: Username Lost password? Password Remember me X Did we answer your question? YES Partially NO Our community is 100% volunteer, show your appreciation with a Google+ or Facebook Like Click:  