 Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates  Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying  Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling  Events Car Maintenance  Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips  Tools Loan Tips  Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums  Home | Car News | Report: Porsche Macan Compact Crossover to Debut at L.A. Auto Show Report: Porsche Macan Compact Crossover to Debut at L.A. Auto Show By Jacob Brown [ G+ ] | May 30, 2013 COMMENTS  0 PHOTOS Its no secret that Porsche has been planning a compact crossover to slot beneath the Porsche Cayenne for some time. Its also no secret that its going to be called the Porsche Macan , named after a kind of tiger instead of a pepper. Weve seen prototypes testing for some time, yet Porsche has been silent on when its actually going to go on sale, or how much it will cost. According to Auto Express, we at least have a few more details on the latest Porsche. According to the publication, the Macan is set to break cover at Novembers Los Angeles Auto Show , which means it will be mere months away from going on sale after that. Like the Cayenne is to the Audi Q7, the Porsche Macan will be related to the Audi Q5, but there should be plenty of changes to differentiate it from its corporate cousin. Auto Express is claiming that with extensive use of aluminum, the Macan may weigh about 300 pounds less than the Q5. It will also have a completely unique interior, exterior, and good chunk of components under the sheetmetal. Auto Express says to expect a unique line of V-6 engines at first that should provide typical Porsche performance, but a four-cylinder will be added later. We hope Porsche delivers because driving the Audi Q5 is nothing to write home about. As for the price, Auto Express says it estimates that it will cost £36,000, but we know converting currency is a bit of a fallacy for finding prices. A better estimate would be about three quarters of a base Cayennes price, or somewhere in the low to mid $40,000 range, putting it above the Q5 and below the nearly $50,000 commanded by the V-6 Cayenne in the U.S. Unlike what will be its most direct competitor, the Range Rover Evoque , Porsche reportedly wants to keep the Macan a little more limited and more of a performance vehicle than a fashion accessory. Somehow, if we were to take all of Auto Express report at face value, this part would be the least believable part. Well know for certain soon enough. Source: Auto Express Tags: Crossover , European Cars , Los Angeles Auto Show , Luxury Car , Porsche More on this Car: Specs, Compare, Safety, Pricing, Reviews, Rebates, Photos, Warranty  Next Article Tesla Motors Aims to Dramatically Increase Number of Supercharger Stations Its impossible to stop hearing about Tesla Motors, the seemingly invincible start-up electric automaker that has had a new announcement or two every week for the last few months. If youre excited about your Tesla Read more Related Articles Porsche Adding More than 1,000 New Employees for Makin' the Macan What will surely be an excellent small crossover SUV with an unfortunate name, the Porsche Macan, is already stirring up news before we even see it because its helping the Leipzig economy grow with more Read more Porsche Looks to Distance Macan from Audi Q5 Cousin The 2014 Porsche Macan is a long way away from an official debut sometime next year, but Porsche wants it to be known the Macan wont be an Audi Q5 with a Porsche badge stuck Read more Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo Concept Unveiled Before Paris Motor Show Debut Station wagons are as ubiquitous in Europe as crossovers and SUVs are here in the states. Thus, we here are not too shocked that long-held rumors of a Porsche wagon have come to fruition. (Pure Read more  Logout Profile Log in or Register to comment   Tweets by @MyAutomotive  About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content  Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. HALWBBLG1 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes   