   ePaper | Subscribe | Subscriber Services | Contact Us | Mobile | Apps Home Home Subscriber Services All-Access Omaha.com Content OWH News Products ePaper Subscribers ePaper SingleCopy OWH Store News Alerts Newsroom Staff Newspaper in Education Archive Second Chance Antiques' second generation fulfills longtime owner's dream Elysia Jarvis' mother, Susan Hoffman Brink, who founded Second Chance Antiques in 1971, chose the shop's new location - the corner of 14th and Harney Streets. But unlike her treasures, Brink never made the move. New state patrol mascot looks a bit like Herbie Husker Top 10 city pensions Omaha fire chief leaves with $10,900-a-month pension and pledge of no layoffs Omaha man gets 20 years for drunken crash that killed girlfriend's 2 girls The 12 best songs about football Home Extra News News Omaha Metro Nebraska Iowa Crime & Courts Community Data National World Area Papers Curbwise New state patrol mascot looks a bit like Herbie Husker Buck L. Up was created by Canadian company Street Characters Inc., which is the same company that created the Nebraska Cornhusker's latest Herbie Husker mascot, he said. Top 10 city pensions Omaha fire chief leaves with $10,900-a-month pension and pledge of no layoffs Omaha man gets 20 years for drunken crash that killed girlfriend's 2 girls United Way campaign chairman plans hands-on approach in chasing $24 million goal Ex-Omaha police officer pleads guilty to selling law enforcement information News Extra World-Herald blogs  Nancy's Almanac — Local weather tips and trends  Viewfinder — World-Herald photos and video  The Hall — City Hall and local government  Washington Notebook — News and notes from the nation's capital  The State Line — Nebraska Legislature Opinion Opinion World-Herald editorial: Personnel costs weigh on military The Pentagon faces many challenges in developing a reasonable budget. FURTHERMORE Thomas L. Friedman: U.S. can do only so much in Mideast Michael Gerson: Jordan warily welcomes refugees Charles Krauthammer: Cutting off aid to Egypt not answer Leonard Pitts Jr.: Much work remains for us to fulfill Kings dream Today's Cartoon TELL US WHAT YOU THINK: WRITE TO THE PUBLIC PULSE Sports Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavericks Today Big Ten Prep Zone Midlands Colleges Outdoors CWS Lancers Storm Chasers National Local Golf Chat Blogs Shatel NU, focused on ball security, also wants more takeaways Nebraska coach Bo Pelini, like many college football defensive minds, will not cop to being a stats guy. Not in this age of offenses run amok. Not when, as Pelini suggested at Big Ten Media Days, rules changes and interpretations inevitably tilt against defenses, from the NFL on down. Nyatawa: Taylor Martinez's improvisation a scary thought for Husker foes Husker Talk Live: Replay Shatel: Bo won't alter NU style to coddle young defense Cook expects Robinson to play in St. Louis Two hoops prospects plan to visit on football weekend Sports Extra Facebook: Big Red Today page The Big Red Today Facebook page is your home on the social web to get the latest Husker news, photos, updates and more. Money Money Warren Watch Money Talks blog Money & Markets My Stocks & Funds Inside Business Silicon Prairie News Agriculture Omaha Chamber e-book Second Chance Antiques' second generation fulfills longtime owner's dream Elysia Jarvis' mother, Susan Hoffman Brink, who founded Second Chance Antiques in 1971, chose the shop's new location - the corner of 14th and Harney Streets. But unlike her treasures, Brink never made the move. Rep. Lee Terry visits South Carolina Boeing plant with Nebraska ties Rodeo a sign of Rural Media Group's growth; firm considering building Omaha headquarters Cabela's pledges $1 million for new elementary school in Sidney, Neb. Fast-casual restaurants like Chipotle, Panera show gains Magazine: Omaha is America's best city for cheapskates Money Extra Money Talks blog From who's saying what to what's going in at that corner, get the latest in local business and development in our new business blog. Living Living Live Well Nebraska Momaha Celebrations Inspired Home Weddings FYI Nebraska State Fair: How long does it take to burn off that fair food? Those fair favorites come with a cost. Take a look at how long, on average, you need to walk at three mph  a leisurely pace, such as strolling around the fair  to burn off the calories. Artist's life-size mural of Okoboji takes museum visitors back in time Annie, I just hate sex John Rosemond: My 9-year-old is lazy What to Watch: 'Extreme Weight Loss' Everyone wins when kids get active on the field, court Living Extra Inspired Home Omaha magazine Sign up today to get the latest edition of Omaha's best magazine for local living, home entertainment, fashion and travel! Entertainment Entertainment Nightlife Music Movie Reviews Movie Listings Dining Arts Calendar TV Games & Gadgets How I learned to quit worrying and accept the Batfleck When World-Herald writer Dave Croy first heard the casting news, he was appalled. But his position on Affleck softened over the weekend. The 12 best songs about football Elton John to play Lincoln's Pinnacle Bank Arena in November Artist's life-size mural of Okoboji takes museum visitors back in time Batfleck and other comic book movie casting controversies Dining review: Kitchen Table one of the best new restaurants to open this year Entertainment Extra Omavore: Sarah Baker Hansen's food blog Reviews, dining notes and pictures from The World-Herald's food critic. Live Well Live Well Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health & Medicine Health Consumer Live Well Challenge Out of shape? Over the hill? Weightlifting can help you, too Video: Check out blogger Tim Collins perform a few Olympic weightlifting movements. One Tree Yoga is moving Methodist Hospital breaks ground on $77 million surgery center Nebraska State Fair: How long does it take to burn off that fair food? Mexico farm linked to illnesses in Nebraska, Iowa resumes operations Go Girl Run on Labor Day benefits Hope Center for Kids Live Well Extra Local walks, runs, races Looking for a mud run or crazy 5K? How about a marathon or bicycle race? Check out our list, we've got you covered. Momaha Momaha Mom Daily Blogs What's for Dinner Forums Mama Help Is living in a small town better? This past week, with my husband out of town on business, I decided to spend some time with family. I packed myself and my 9-month-old girl into the car and we headed out of town on the hour and a half... John Rosemond: My 9-year-old is lazy Jen Schneider: Where did the time go? Im getting older Jessica Brashear: How did kindergarten change your child? Jenny Razor: How to choose the right day care The Sassy Housewife: Mom nervous about kindergarten Momaha Extra MOMAHA STORY TIME Join us 7 p.m. Aug. 30 for momaha's children's story time at the Bookworm Bookstore, 87th and Pacific Streets. Theme: Knuffle Bunny. We'll have a special guest reader from The Rose Theater. Video & Photos Autos Homes Jobs Classifieds Legals Obits OWHyellowpages Ads Contests OWH Store  Your browser does not support iframes.  Search  Latest Popular Recommended Nebraska Court of Appeals says man should get hearing - 3:42 pm Iowa offers deal to motor home tax dodgers - 3:37 pm Iowa neighbors try to stop dog attack - 3:25 pm Breaking Brad: VMAs kind of like a night at the fire station - 2:45 pm Breaking Brad: Did you guys see that UFO? - 2:43 pm Top 10 city pensions - 2:43 pm How I learned to quit worrying and accept the Batfleck - 2:05 pm Police say man's vehicle goes into Iowa home - 2:04 pm Planet Fitness coming to Mall of Bluffs - 1:47 pm Council Bluffs retail/apartment project moves forward - 1:45 pm United Way campaign chairman plans hands-on approach in chasing $24 million goal - 1:40 pm Council Bluffs' Marketplace Shopping Center to change hands, pursue new stores - 1:33 pm Omaha fire chief leaves with $10,900-a-month pension and pledge of no layoffs Nyatawa: Taylor Martinez's improvisation a scary thought for Husker foes Shatel: Bo won't alter NU style to coddle young defense Unheralded Abdullah found fit far from home Kelly: From a secret barrel, a family's forgotten Civil War history NU, focused on ball security, also wants more takeaways Alert on I-80 message boards not an option in adult's kidnapping Daughter gets her request for justice: Life for her family's killer Magazine: Omaha is America's best city for cheapskates Methodist Hospital breaks ground on $77 million surgery center Ex-Omaha police officer pleads guilty to selling law enforcement information Second Chance Antiques' second generation fulfills longtime owner's dream Gloss Salon & Day Spa 50% Off Custom Facials, One Hour Reflexology or Both!  PHOTO GALLERIES   FROM THE BLOGS  Nancy's Almanac, Aug. 22, 2013: A new breed of 'storm' chasing? By Nancy Gaarder / World-Herald staff writer  Aug 22 at h:nn am/pm Nancy's Almanac Aug. 17-19, 2013: Get out the grass seed By Nancy Gaarder / World-Herald staff writer  Aug 17 at h:nn am/pm Jump to a blog: (Select blog) The Hall The State Line Viewfinder Washington Notebook    SPOTLIGHT  Focus on Nebraska Football Fans Omaha World-Herald Contests Enter for a chance to win great prizes. OWH Store: Buy photos, books and articles Buy photos, books and articles Sarpy Chamber It's a smart business move. Travel Snaps Photo Going on Vacation? Take the Omaha World-Herald with you and you could the next Travel Snaps winner. Click here to donate to Goodfellows The 2011 Goodfellows fund drive provided holiday meals to nearly 5,000 families and their children, and raised more than $500,000 to help families in crisis year round. WORLD-HERALD ALERTS  Want to get World-Herald stories sent directly to your home or work computer? Sign up for Omaha.com's News Alerts and you will receive e-mails with the day's top stories.  Can't find what you need? Click here for site map  Site Index Full Index Marketplace Autos Homes Jobs Classifieds Legals Obituaries OWHyellowpages Ads Daily Deal Omaha Other Newspapers Midlands Newspapers News Omaha Metro Nebraska Iowa Crime & Courts Community Data National World Area Papers Curbwise Opinion Koterba Columnists Money Warren Watch Money & Markets My Stocks & Funds Inside Business Silicon Prairie News Agriculture Omaha Chamber e-book Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Mavericks Big Ten Prep Zone Outdoors Lancers State Colleges Storm Chasers National Local Golf CWS Chat Swim Trials Blogs Shatel Living Momaha Celebrations Inspired Home Weddings FYI Entertainment Nightlife Music Movie Reviews Movie Listings Dining Arts Calendar TV Games & Gadgets Extras Weather Subscriber Services All-Access OWH News Products Subscribe ePaper Omaha World-Herald Store Calendar News Alerts RSS Social Media Multimedia Video AP video Husker video High School video OWH Video Photos AP Galleries OWH Slideshows Your Photos Live Well Nebraska Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health & Medicine Health Consumer Live Well Challenge Health Toolbox Health Directory Health Jobs Top Blogs Sports Tom Shatel Big Red Today Lee Barfknecht Bluejays Today NE Prep Zone Entertainment Kevin Coffey News Nancy's Almanac One Week in Haiti Viewfinder - photos and video The Hall Blog The State Line blog  Search  Copyright Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map Contact Us Advertise Help Apps webmaster@omaha.com 2012 The Omaha World Herald. All rights reserved.  