 home store contents auto loan calculator faqs privacy about contact Welcome to First Car Guide POSTED BY Al Hearn on Nov 2 under introduction Buying a car for the first time, or even the second or third time, can be a perplexing and stressful experience. Theres so much to know and understand. What are the best first cars? Which cars are cheapest? Which is safest? What should I pay? How much can I afford? Where can I find cheap cars? How do I get a car loan?  What if I have no credit, or bad credit? How does the car buying process work? How will I know if Im being cheated? What about auto insurance? Which company has the best rates? Should I buy a new car, or used? Buy from dealer or individual seller? Can I sell/trade my car if I still owe money? How about leasing? These are all common questions asked by first car buyers — or any car buyer. We give you the the answers you need, the expert advice, and the specific knowledge you need so that you can go into your car buying experience with confidence that youll make the right decisions, get the best deals, and not get cheated. Welcome to FirstCarGuide.com ### Comments Off  Is THIS a Good First Car? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Aug 23 under choose, introduction I regularly answer peoples car buying and selling questions on Yahoo Answers  (My user name is TiggyWiggy, my cats name) and one of the most frequent questions that comes up several times a day is, Is this  a good first car for a teen?  And in the details, theyll state what car they are talking about. It might be anything from a 1980s Oldsmobile with 200,000 miles, to a brand new high priced luxury car, to a big SUV, a high-powered sports car, or a 1960s muscle car. More often than not, the car they like is NOT a good first car. I sometimes think they know that, but they are looking for some opinions otherwise. Often, they are in disagreement with sensible parents who are opposing their poor choice. Here are some of the kinds of vehicles asked about: Old inexpensive used car, unknown condition, high mileage Many old cars, even with high mileage, can be in excellent first cars. However, most old cars have problems, some serious (and expensive), some not so serious.  And no car, even a reliable brand such as Honda and Toyota, are exempt from problems when they begin to age. The only way to know whether such a car is a good first car is to have a professional mechanic inspect it before the purchase. Its not a good practice to rely on the word of a seller in determining a cars condition. Not that sellers are all dishonest, but sellers and dealers often dont know the real condition of the cars they sell. Read more Comments Off  First Car Questions POSTED BY Al Hearn on Jun 29 under best deals, buy, choose, credit, finance, purchase We answer questions from first-car buyers almost every day when we participate on the Yahoo! Answers web site in the Car Buying and Selling section. The majority of those questions come from teens and young adults who have little or no experience in buying, trading, or selling cars. In the few years that weve been doing it, we have seen certain common questions come up over and over again. Some come up numerous times in a single day. We thought we would post some of the most frequent questions here, and answer them just as we do on Yahoo! Answers. Here goes. Q.  How many miles are too much for a used car?  How many miles will I get from this used car? A . All used cars are different. Its not possible to say that a certain car of a certain age and of a certain brand that has 150,000 miles is a good car. It depends on how it has been driven and cared for. Some cars with only 50,000 miles are ready for the junk yard, while others with 150,000 miles are good for another 150,000.  Even brands such as Honda and Toyota, that are known to be very reliable, can have serious high-mileage problems. Therefore, dont make a purchase decision based on mileage alone. Get a professional mechanic to inspect your car before you buy. Its the actual condition of the car, not mileage, that is important. Read more Comments Off  Car Loan  In Plain Language POSTED BY Al Hearn on Jun 18 under finance You, the car buyer, wish to purchase a car but you dont have the necessary cash. You need a car loan. A bank or credit union can provide you the loan you need, or your car dealer can arrange the loan for you with a bank or finance company that he works with. Understand that dealers generally dont make loans nor approve them. The bank or finance company explains the loan to you in this way: We are willing to loan you our money to pay the dealer for your new car, assuming we check your credit history and find that there is not a risk that you wont pay us back our money. If you have no credit history or your credit is poor, we may decide to turn you down. We might also turn you down if you do not have a steady source of income that will allow you to repay the loan. If you can get a co-signer with good credit and a good income who is willing to sign with you, we may reconsider. Read more Comments Off  What Car Should I Buy? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Jun 1 under choose, purchase  There are literally thousands of combinations of different automobile types, makes, models, styles, and prices, which can make it difficult to choose. However, we will help you determine the perfect car for your needs. What is a good first car?  Which car is the best buy? Which is more reliable? Which gets the best gas mileage? Should I buy a SUV or pickup? Which car is safer? Which is more economical? Which is cheaper to insure? What car should I buy as my first car? If you were to ask this question and you gave no other information about yourself or what you wanted, we would suggest you buy either a Honda Accord or Toyota Camry , two of the most popular and most purchased first cars in America. However, if you already know you dont want a Honda or Toyota, stay with me. Im not going to try to convince you that these are the only brands you should consider. Im just using them as a starting point to help you choose the right car for you. Read more Comments Off  How Are Car Leasing and Renting Different? POSTED BY Al Hearn on May 1 under buy, finance, leasing Uninformed automotive consumers often confuse car leasing and car renting. They sometimes think the two are the same. They would be very wrong. The confusion is somewhat understandable because of the similarity of terms to that of apartment leasing and renting. Many of us can remember our parents telling us that renting or leasing an apartment was throwing our money away and that we should buy a house instead. Until the recent recession, it was true that you could invest in a house and get all your money back, plus more, when you decided to sell the house later. The house appreciated in value and was a smart use of your money. Cars are not houses or apartments, and dont act the same. All cars, unlike houses, depreciate in value over time and miles. They never appreciate in value — except possibly if they turn out to be classics 30 years from now. You always lose money with a car, whether you buy with cash, finance, lease, or rent. Cars are never  good investments (except for some old classics). The average new car will lose half its value in three years, and even more in the following years, regardless of what was paid for it. Read more Comments Off  Do I Need A Co-Signer? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Apr 20 under credit, finance, purchase Who needs a co-signer for a car loan? How does it work? New or first-time car buyers are often surprised at being turned down for a car loan because they have no credit history, which unfortunately has about the same effect as having bad credit. Getting a co-signer might be the answer. Lenders want to see that a borrower has a good record with previous loans and credit cards. Without a history of credit, a borrower represents a risk to lenders. If they dont know a borrowers history, they take the low road and assume the worst. Its a familiar catch-22 situation in that you cant get a loan to establish credit without already having credit. So what is the answer? What is the answer? The most common solution is to have someone co-sign your loan contract. Typically, its family member who has a good credit score. A co-signer plays no part in the loan unless the primary borrower fails to make payments. In that case, the loan company would have the right to seek payment from the co-signer. Read more Comments Off  Hottest Cars  What Cars are Best Sellers? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Apr 9 under best deals, choose The best selling cars are those that car buyers like best and buy most often. Given that most of those buyers do at least some research before they make a decision, they choose their cars wisely and make informed decisions. If other buyers dont want to do the research and make their decisions based on what other buyers are choosing, thats okay. They still end up getting great cars. Although we will be talking about best-selling new cars here, the same cars are generally the best-selling used cars as well. Furthermore, we wont talk about trucks, but suffice it to say that the Ford F150  pickup has been the best-selling vehicle of any type for years. Before we present our list, lets take a moment to discuss why some cars are super-popular and others not so much. Generally, the best-selling cars are those that have the best combination of all the things that buyers are looking for  — the optimal package. Smart buyers want good value, a reasonable price, quality construction, high reliability, good performance, a comfortable drive, adequate space for passengers and cargo, good styling, good fuel economy, modern features, an excellent safety rating, and maybe some luxury features. They also want a car that is reasonably inexpensive to insure, maintain, and repair. Read more Comments Off  Cheapest Car Leases  $199 or Less POSTED BY Al Hearn on Apr 6 under best deals, leasing Many car companies offer special lease deals  on selected models and styles each month. Some are very affordable at less than $200 a month . This month, we list over 50 leases for $199 or less . The list gets larger every month as car manufacturers increasingly work to attract new customers by offering low monthly car costs. These are usually genuinely good deals that are worth considering as long as you like the models and styles being promoted. The deals usually only last for one month, require a down payment, and have a specific mileage allowance  usually 1000 miles per month, average. Be aware that these deals may vary by region of the country. Most lease deals are for 24 or 36 month terms. At the end of the lease you can simply return the car, or you can purchase it for the guaranteed purchase price stated in your lease contract. In some cases, you may have equity in the car (its worth more than the purchase price) such that it makes sense to buy it and sell it for a profit, or use it as a trade-in for another new vehicle. Here are the cheapest car lease deals being offered at this time: Read more Comments Off  Preparing Your Teen for Car Safety: Four Tips POSTED BY Al Hearn on Apr 3 under insurance, safety Preparing a teen for their driver’s license is both exciting and frightening. The freedom of driving is exhilarating, but the dangers are real. Car insurance for teen drivers is significantly more expensive than it is for more experienced adults — for good reasons. Inexperience and unsafe driving can lead to accidents, and accidents, even minor fender benders, can make a teen’s car insurance even more costly. Using the following five tips while preparing your teen for safe driving can help to ease your concerns and pay dividends down the road. Buckle Up Teaching your teen the importance of using seat belts is one of the most important safe driving tips that they can learn. Drivers and passengers who are properly restrained during the unfortunate event of an accident almost always suffer far less serious wounds, and have a far lower mortality rate, than those who are not wearing their seatbelts. It is estimated by the National Highway Safety Administration that properly worn seatbelts lower the risk of fatal injuries by 45 percent, and the risk of moderate-to-critical injuries by 50 percent. Read more Comments Off  I Only Have $3000. What Car Should I Buy? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Apr 1 under buy, purchase This is the kind of question I see posted on question-and-answer web sites every day. The details might vary but the basic question is always the same. The askers of the question seem to understand that $3000 (or $1000, or $2500) is not a lot of money for a car and they are asking how to best spend it. For a car to be priced in the $3000 range, there are a number of potential issues that buyers should be aware of: 1) The car would ordinarily be a $5000 car, but it has problems that will require at least $2000 to fix. 2) The car is fairly priced at $3000 because it is old and has high mileage, which doesnt mean its a bad car, but it has a high potential for having problems. 3) The car is only worth $2000 because it definitely has problems, but the seller is hoping potential buyers wont notice. Read more Comments Off  Auto Loan Rates  How to Get the Best Rates POSTED BY Al Hearn on Mar 25 under credit, finance When you buy a car with a loan, you not only pay back the amount borrowed but you also pay finance charges ( interest ).  Each months loan payment consists partly of principle and partly of interest . Actually, the amount of principle and interest changes each month, although the total remains the same. In the beginning, you pay more interest and less principle. Near the end of the loan, you are paying nearly all principle. The amount of finance charges you pay depends on the interest rate and the length ( term ) of your loan. Interest rates can vary between different lenders. The interest rate you pay also depends on your credit score . Someone with poor credit will pay a higher rate than someone with outstanding credit. More about credit later. Interest rates are generally higher for used cars than for new cars. And longer loan terms have higher interest rates than shorter loans. At the time of this writing the national average new-car interest rate is about 3.0% for a 4-year car loan and a bit higher for used car loans. Dealers sometimes add a percentage point or two for additional profit. This is called reserve. Read more Comments Off  Car Buying Checklist  50-Point Self-Inspection Guide POSTED BY Al Hearn on Mar 19 under introduction, purchase Used Car Inspection Checklist Use this 50-point checklist when buying a used car Print it and take it with you as you shop Wheels and Tires Are tires worn to unsafe level (less than 2/32 tread depth at lowest point)? Tires with less than 2/32 tread depth at lowest point are unsafe and should be replaced immediately. Less than 4/32 is unsafe in rain. Less than 6/32 is unsafe in snow. Hint: Buy a cheap ($5) tire tread-depth gauge at any auto parts store, Wal-Mart, or Sears Are left/right tires worn unevenly on front? On rear? Unevenly worn left and right tires are unsafe and cause handling and steering problems. It might indicate a bent or twisted frame as a result of an accident. Always replace tires in pairs Read more Comments Off  How to Really Screw Up a Car Purchase POSTED BY Al Hearn on Mar 11 under buy According to questions I see posted on Yahoo Answers , there are a huge number of first car buyers out there who have somehow found exactly the WRONG way to buy a car. They then look for help AFTER they realize their mistake. Its nearly always too late by that time. Heres how NOT to buy a car: Leave a deposit with a seller or dealer for a car you are not absolutely sure youre going to buy . The problem is that you may not be able to get your deposit back if you change your mind, unless there is a clear written document that states that youll get your deposit refunded and under what conditions. In the worst case scenario, the seller sells the car to someone else AND keeps your deposit. Dont leave deposits unless you absolutely must. Buy a used car without having it inspected by a professional mechanic before the purchase . Used cars are sold as-is which means you cant get your money back if you find the car has problems later. There are no right-of-return or used-car lemon laws to protect you, even if you feel the seller or dealer committed fraud. You cant rely on a sellers statement that a car runs fine or has no problems. A mechanics inspection will cost $75-$125 but can prevent you from making a multi-thousand dollar mistake. Read more Comments Off  Are You a Car Salesmans Dream Customer? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Mar 6 under introduction, purchase Theres one kind of car buying customer that sales people just love. They are payment buyers.  A car salespersons job is to sell cars — and make maximum profit for his dealership. The way to make maximum profit is by selling at the highest possible prices and including as many add-on extra items or services as possible. Some customers are an easy sale but are difficult to make a big profit from. Others are easy on both counts. The latter of these two types are the kind of customers that car salespeople love. A salespersons dream customer is one who has done little or no research about cars they might be interested in, understands almost nothing about the car buying process, knows little about car pricing, has few negotiating skills, but most of all, wants to negotiate monthly payments, and only monthly payments. These customers are called payment buyers. Read more Comments Off  Whats Wrong With Car Leasing? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Mar 4 under leasing, uncategorized Is it smart to lease a car? Is leasing a good idea? Whats wrong with it, if anything? The answer is that theres nothing inherently wrong with leasing a car. Its a perfectly valid and popular form of automobile financing. Its not renting (often confused with apartment leasing). And because its a bit more complicated than buying a car with a loan, its very often misunderstood. We often see advice from uninformed people on automotive question-and-answer forums advising other people against leasing. The reasons they offer are things such as, its a dealer scam, its stupid, you pay all that money and dont own the car, youll get hit with surprise charges and fees,  or it costs more to lease. There is some truth in all of those responses but its not as simple as that. These are oversimplified answers that create false impressions about leasing. Lets take a look at the real answers. Read more Comments Off  Whats a Good First Car? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Mar 3 under choose I frequently visit the popular web site, Yahoo Answers , and answer questions about cars there. Many of the questions are from teens and other young people who are buying their first car. One of the most common questions is, What is a good first car? or simply, What is a good car? Sometimes the asker has already narrowed down his or her choices to a few makes and models but, more often, they simply dont know and want some advice or suggestions. Its difficult to recommend a specific car to someone when you have no idea of their needs or preferences. But I usually suggest the popular Honda Civic as a good first car because it has a great combination of most of the things that buyers are looking for. It offers a lot of car for a relatively low price, whether its used or new. Its very reliable and wont be expensive to maintain.  It has good gas mileage which makes it relatively inexpensive to drive. Insurance costs are low, compared to many other cars. Its safe and comfortable. And its 4-cylinder engine provides peppy performance. Although the Civic is a great car for a great price, it doesnt fit everyones needs. Read more Comments Off  Fix My Old Car or Buy A New Car? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Mar 1 under choose, purchase Should I keep my old car and fix it up, or buy a new car? Expressed another way, the question is this: Is it smarter, more practical, and more economical for me to keep and fix my old car than to buy another car, new or used? This is always a tough one to answer. Generally, its going to be better to fix up an old car than buy a new car every five years or so. However, the real answer depends on your particular circumstances. Here are some tips that will help you make a decision How old is your vehicle? Older, high-mileage vehicles are more likely than newer vehicles to have problems. There are exceptions, of course. Older vehicles also tend to have more serious problems, such as engine and transmission failures, that are expensive to repair. Read more Comments Off  How Much Should I Pay for a Car? POSTED BY Al Hearn on Feb 28 under purchase What to Pay for a Car — Whats a Good Price? Heres how to determine a fair price for brand new cars ( see below for used-car pricing ). What to Pay For a New Car All new cars have a window sticker that displays the manufacturers suggested retail price (MSRP). It may also include destination charges, dealer-installed option prices, and other miscellaneous charges. The total of these charges is the price you would pay for that vehicle, less sales tax, without any discounts or rebates. All these charges but destination charge can be negotiated. Manaufacturers charge dealers this fee for vehicle delivery, and dealers simply pass it along to customers without markup. It cannot be eliminated from the cost of a car. Price can be negotiated for most vehicles. Unless the vehicle is a hot seller and in short demand, its usually possible to get dealers to discount the MSRP. But, how much? Whats the best price I can expect? Heres your strategy for negotiating price. Read more Comments Off  Common Car Scam POSTED BY Al Hearn on Feb 26 under purchase, scam The most common car scam is one in which a nice car is listed for sale at a low price on Craigslist.com, Autotrader.com, or other web site. There is no hint, other than the low price, that it is a scam. They show you a couple of good pictures of the car and even provide the VIN number. So, whats the problem. The problem is that the picture of the car and the VIN were snagged somewhere on the Internet and its not the sellers car. In fact, the seller is only trying to get your attention so that he can separate you from your money. You wont find out enough details to determine its a scam until you contact the seller. At that time youll get an email from him much like this one: Read more Comments Off  0% Car Loans  Zero Interest POSTED BY Al Hearn on Feb 21 under best deals, finance Car manufacturers are constantly offering low-interest loans and other incentives to help sell cars. With normal interest rates around 3.0% at the time of this writing, its not much of a stretch for car companies to offer 1.9%, 0.9%, or even 0% loan rates. A zero-percent (0%) loan means  no interest at all  no finance charges for the life of the loan . Some car company deals limit no-interest loans to 36 months but some extend it all the way to 60 or even 72 months. Understand that no-interest loans are not something you can get by negotiating with a dealer. These promotional loan deals are only offered by car manufacturers on selected models and styles for a limited amount of time. How much money do you save with a 0% loan? Read more Comments Off  Quick Guide to Buying a Car POSTED BY Al Hearn on Feb 10 under choose, finance, insurance, introduction, purchase First-time car buyers are often unaware of everything thats involved in the process. Its not surprising because its not simple and not like buying anything else that we normally buy, even a house. Well explain it all in this quick guide to buying a car. Further details can be found in the various articles posted on this web site. 1. Decide on a Car Choosing a car for the first time can be a bewildering experience because there so many choices — old cars with lots of miles on them, newer cars with better safety and tech equipment, small cars, compact cars, sedans, coupes, large cars and SUVs, sports cars , fast cars, fuel-efficient cars — not to mention all the different makes, models, and styles that are available. Decide what kind of car you want or need and whats important to you. Do you want good looks, safety, good gas mileage or high performance, automatic or manual transmission, 2-wheel drive or 4-wheel (for winter weather), sporty 2-door coupe or 4-door sedan or convertible, passenger car or roomy SUV or minivan? Do you want good reliability and dependability, and low insurance cost? What is is your budget and how much can you afford, either as a cash purchase or as monthly loan payments? Read more Comments Off  Top Ten Best Selling Vehicles POSTED BY Al Hearn on Feb 1 under choose, purchase If you dont like having to spend a lot of time and research effort when looking for a new car, wouldnt it be nice to find out what other people were buying , assuming that most of those other people had spent the time and effort, and had made good informed decisions. If you decided to buy one of the cars that other people are buying the most, you could reasonably assume that those purchases are being made on the basis of those cars having most of the good characteristics that people want in a new car — such as good reliability, good safety ratings, good performance, good styling, good fuel economy, and good driving comfort. Following is a list of the top ten best-selling new vehicles in the U.S. for the last several months: Read more Comments Off  Used Car  Buying a Car POSTED BY Al Hearn on Jan 29 under choose, finance, purchase Used cars are for sale everywhere but many people find it difficult to find just the right car for the right price.  It can be frustrating and even overwhelming. First-time buyers, in particular, often have difficulty with the various stages of the process: buying, pricing, negotiating, applying for loans, registering, and getting insurance. What seems at first glance to be simple turns out to be series of not-so-simple steps.  Buying a car is not at all like buying a TV at Walmart. The most common concerns when buying a used car are the following: Where to find used cars How to know if a car is reliable and in good condition How to know what to pay How to buy a car correctly and avoid mistakes These are the questions well answer here. Where to find cars Used cars can be found on the Internet, in used car lots, and for sale by individual sellers. On the Internet, look at Craigslist, Autotrader, eBay Motors, UsedCars.com, and CarMax.com, among others. When buying from online sites that advertise cars being sold by private parties (not dealers), watch out for a common scam in which the car has a very low price, the seller is not in the same location as his car, only communicates via email, promises to ship the car to buyers, and says the buyers money is protected by eBay, Amazon, PayPal or some other service. Its a good and safe idea to always buy cars that you can see, drive, and test before buying. Read more Comments Off  Lease a Luxury Car POSTED BY Al Hearn on Jan 25 under leasing Luxury cars have always had the highest lease rate among all vehicle types. Currently about 70% of all new luxury cars are leased, rather than purchased. Why is that, you might ask? There are essentially two kinds of luxury car leasing customers: 1) those who can afford to pay cash or make large monthly loan payments, and 2) those that cant but want to drive a better car than they could otherwise afford. Customers of the first type, those who can afford cash or loan payments, like to drive new cars every 3-4 years, dont drive an excessive number of miles, and prefer to use their cash for more productive purposes, such as for investments. Leasing provides a good solution for them. Customers of the second type lease as a way of being able to drive a much better car than they could drive with a loan. Since lease payments are approximately 50% of comparable loan payments, they can drive twice as much car for the same monthly cost. However, many of these people are so enamoured with the low payments that they overlook leasings restrictions, or simply dont know how leases work. They may drive too many miles and have to pay for the extra miles at lease-end, or pay for unrepaired damages. Or they sometimes want to end their lease early, not realizing that it can be very expensive.  Leasing is simply not right for everyone. Read more Comments Off  Craigslist Car Scam POSTED BY Al Hearn on Jan 22 under purchase, scam Car buyers are being cheated every day by a common scam that is usually associated with Craigslist, as well as other online car-for-sale web sites. Craigslist even posts warnings on their site about it but many buyers are so focused on the deal of a lifetime theyve found that they dont read the warnings. It all starts with a car-for-sale ad that seems almost too good to be true (you know what they say about these kinds of deals). There is a beautiful picture and an alluring description of the car, and a price is that seems unusually low. Except for maybe the price there is nothing about the ad that suggests a scam . The ad looks like any other ad, even the legitimate ones. You wont find anything to indicate a scam until you contact the seller via email. Thats when suspicious details come out. Read more Comments Off   Previous Entries  Article Categories Select Category best deals buy choose credit finance insurance introduction law leasing performance purchase reliability safety scam sell uncategorized warranty Recent Articles Is THIS a Good First Car? First Car Questions Car Loan  In Plain Language What Car Should I Buy? How Are Car Leasing and Renting Different? Popular Articles auto loan calculator Do I Need A Co-Signer? Car Seller Scam - Is This a Car Scam? Do I Need a Down Payment? What Car Should I Buy? RECENT TWEETS Tesla outsells Porsche, Jaguar, others in Calif. usat.ly/18fPxS5 via @USATODAY Buying a used car online? Watch out for this common SCAM that buyers are falling for every day. #carscam bit.ly/13RAGBr Buying a #usedcar soon? Use our 50-point car inspection checklist when checking out the car. bit.ly/12yAW5u The most popular page, by far, on our LeaseGuide web site ... Car Lease Calculator. bit.ly/156d2Ca Where are the 0% APR #carloan deals right now? We list them all here. tinyurl.com/kn8hjls Follow @AlHearn New Car Price Quotes  FREE Select a Make Select a Model ZIP:  Links Best Car Deals Best OBD Code Scanners Car Lease Calculator Car Leasing Guide Cheap Cars Lease vs Buy Calculator Used Car Advisor Copyright FirstCarGuide.com 2008-2013. All rights reserved. Author: Al Hearn 