 Wonderwall on Facebook Better Bronzed? Do these celebs look better bronzed or pale? Vote now! View Gallery  Bad Words? Find out what Selena Gomez is saying about what came out of Taylor Swift's mouth at the VMAs ... Read Story  Change Of Heart Ricky Martin explains why discriminated against gay people before coming out. Plus, more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery  Become a Star! Impose your face on your favorite celeb red carpet look in Wonderwall's Herbal Essences Body Wash photo booth. See It  Week in Photos Katie Holmes films a movie scene in Ohio, plus more of your favorite stars this week in photos. View Gallery  Missing? Has Lamar Odom been missing for three days? Read Story  Back On! Jennifer Lawrence and Nicholas Hoult are back on! Get all the reunion scoop on Replay hosted by Wonderwall's Kirby Kristen. Watch Video  Romance Rumblings Rihanna's quality time with Drake gets the rumor mill going ... Read Story  Highs and Lows What are the most memorable tragedies and triumphs in LeAnn Rimes' life? Click to find out! View Gallery  'Nother New 'Do Beyonce has changed her hair yet again! Check out her newest 'do. View Gallery  VMA Duos Who were the most stylish stars who coupled up in Brooklyn? Cast your vote! View Gallery  Sweet Mullet Rihanna actually pulls off a mullet, plus more proof that stars are nothing like us. View Gallery  Diana's Love Life Find out what Princess Diana's ex Hasnat Khan says about their romance in the new biopic, "Diana" ... Read Story  2013 MTV VMAs Check out all your favorite celebs as they arrive at the Brooklyn show... View Gallery  Shock and Awe Don't worry -- celebrities were just as freaked out by Miley Cyrus' 2013 MTV VMA performance as you were. View Gallery  New Attitude Chris Brown hits Hawaii and has a change of heart about his community service on today's Celebs Gone Social. Watch Video  VMAs Backstage Check out JT, Miley, Lady Gaga and more celebs behind the scenes at the MTV awards show... View Gallery  VMAs Fashion Who rocked and who flopped at the Video Music Awards? View Gallery  Relationship Trouble? Get the latest on all the Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom news. View Gallery  Barf for Charity Liam Hemsworth makes money for charity by eating (and barfing up) 45 burgers, plus more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery  Hospitalized Singer Tyrese faints onstage at a club ... Read Story  Drug Deaths John Travolta speaks out about the drug-related fatalities in Hollywood ... Read Story  Summer Fun Mario Lopez hangs with his daughter, plus more stars at the beach. View Gallery  Shoplift Talk Forest Whitaker opens up about the time he was accused of stealing ... Read Story  VMA TwitPics Miley Cyrus snuggles a bear, Katy Perry gets comfy, and more celeb pics from the 2013 MTV VMAs! View Gallery  Highest Paid Find out how much money made Madonna land at No. 1 on the latest Forbes list ... Read Story  Back Together? Despite rumors of a reconciliation, Sarah "Fergie" Ferguson and Prince Andrew are not getting back together ... Read Story  First Tweet! 'N Sync joins Twitter one day before VMA reunion. Check out their first tweet ... Read Story  Unpaid Bills? Find out why Drake's former stylist has filed suit against the rapper ... Read Story  Week in Photos Stacy Keibler attends a private event, and more of your favorite celebs this week in photos! View Gallery  Kanye Can Smile! Kanye West gives a big (albeit strained) grin, plus more celeb TwitPics! View Gallery  Behind Bars Fat Joe is in jail. Find out for how long ... Read Story  Best & Worst VMA See some of the best and worst fashion from this year's nominees at previous VMAs. Watch Video  Celebs Without Makeup Check here to see celebrities without makeup at WONDERWALL LATINO! See It  Divorce Update Jane Lynch's ex is seeking spousal support ... Read Story  Name Revealed CaCee Cobb and Donald Faison reveal their son's name ... Read Story  Brooklyn Boy Jay-Z, Anne Hathaway and more stars from Brooklyn. View Gallery  Beach Bodies Check out this summer's hottest bikinis on WONDERWALL LATINO! See It  Canine Kisses Kristin Cavallari gets canine kisses, plus more adorable celebripets. View Gallery  Hot Or Not? Are these boy band members worthy of all the adoration they receive? Cast your vote! View Gallery  Lost Dog Found Jeremy Renner's lost dog has been found 190 miles from the actor's home! Read Story  Empty Stadium Head over to MSN Music to find out why Brandy reportedly walked off the stage in South Africa ... See It  Troublemakers Head over to The Daily Beast to check out "Real Housewives" who've gone bad. See It  Open Marriage? Are Kendra and Hank considering an open relationship? Head over to ET Online to find out! See It  Music on Hold Selena Gomez says plans to put her music career on hold to pursue acting ... Read Story  Twitter Rant Khloe Kardashian breaks her silence amid divorce rumors and goes on a Twitter rant ... Read Story  Intruder Jennifer Lopez had an unwelcome house guest in her Hamptons home. Read Story  Hamilton Arrested Singer Anthony Hamilton has been arrested ... Read Story  Cancer Free Dolly Parton shoots down rumors that she has cancer ... Read Story  Princess Peach Kim Kardashian wears a cute peach jumpsuit, plus more celebs in our favorite summer color! View Gallery  Straight Grillin' Which celebs are rich enough to be able to afford something as ludicrous as a gold or diamond grill? View Gallery  Wedding's Off! Kelly Clarkson has called off her wedding -- though the singer still plans to elope! Read Story  Bey in Brazil Check out the gorgeous photos Beyonce shared from her Brazilian tour on today's Celebs Gone Social. Watch Video  Fashion Offenders Julia Stiles, Sheryl Crow, and Rihanna all get an F on this week's Fashion Offenders Watch Video  VMA Finale Katy Perry is set to perform under the Brooklyn Bridge for the VMA finale ... Read Story  LOL Tweets Which 10 celebritweeters are cracking us up week? View Gallery  Big Reveal! Kanye West finally debuted a pic of his daughter North West on Kris Jenner's show ... View Gallery  Star Evicted? Corey Feldman's landlady files eviction papers against the actor ... Read Story  Co-Star Speaks Wentworth Miller's "Prison Break" co-star Dominic Purcell applauds Miller's decision to come out ... Read Story  Engaged! Get all the details of Taylor Armstrong's romantic engagement to John Bluher! Read Story  Dream Maker Get all the details on how Robert Pattinson secretly visited a kids' hospital this week ... Read Story  It's a Girl! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin welcome a baby girl. Keep reading for all of the details ... View Gallery  Hottie Chris Check out some of Chris Pine's sexiest looks. View Gallery  Movie Make Out Keep reading to find out about Robert Pattinson and Mia Wasikowska's on screen make out session ... Read Story  Twitter Rant Chris Brown launches an expletive-filled Twitter rant about the Los Angeles legal system. Read Story  Pregnant? Is Kelly Clarkson eloping because she's pregnant? Get the scoop... Read Story  No Cooking Victoria Beckham dishes on hubby David Beckham doing the cooking in the family. Read Story  Wardrobe Oops Find out what Toni Braxton had to say about her revealing on stage wardrobe malfunction ... Read Story  Marriage Worry? Find out what Khloe Kardashian is posting about amid intense split rumors on today's Celebs Gone Social. Watch Video  New 'Do Pregnant Jennifer Love Hewitt rocks a new 'do on the red carpet. Read Story  Stars Behind Bars Mark Wahlberg, Lindsay Lohan, Robert Downey Jr. and more stars who served time behind bars. View Gallery  Wife And Kids? Justin Bieber talks about settling down. Read his shocking statements ... Read Story  Accident Olivia Munn dislocates her shoulder. Click through to get the deets ... Read Story  Engagement Pic Kelly Clarkson tweets a new engagement pic! Head to ET Online to see the stunning photo ... See It  Single Again Eva Longoria is back on the market, plus more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery  We Don't Get It Musicians have some of the strangest outfits around. Here are 20 fashion choices that we just don't understand. View Gallery  VMA Hall of Shame From feathers to faux fur bikinis, check out the 30 worst VMA looks of all time. View Gallery  Dating Rumors Are Cameron Diaz and Jason Segel a new item? Get the details ... Read Story  Sweet 'Stache Adrian Grenier is a blast from the past, Rihanna's suddenly camera shy and more LOL pics. View Gallery  Funeral Guests Read on to find out who attended Gia Allemand's NYC funeral service after her tragic passing ... Read Story  Reunited The woman incubating the fruit of Simon Cowell's loins has winged to France for a reunion with him ... Read Story  R-Pattz Hater Robert Pattinson has some choice words about being called R-Pattz, plus more celeb news in the Shortlist. View Gallery  Closing Act Will Katy Perry close out the 2013 MTV VMAs? Head over to Vulture to find out ... See It  Fight Lawsuit The videographer who was attacked by Kanye West is fighting back in court ... Read Story  Fizzy Yoga Kim Cattrall talks about her unique workout routine ... Read Story  Big Sale Found out how much moolah Melissa and Joe Gorga got for their New Jersey mansion ... Read Story  You've Got Bangs Check out Kelly Osbourne's latest hair style change ... View Gallery  Whose Gams? These are the 10 sexiest legs strutting around Hollywood. Think you know who they belong to? View Gallery  Gay Actor Wentworth Miller has come out of the closet. Find out why he did ... Read Story  Beach Days Check out your favorite star moms and their tots at the beach on WONDERWALL LATINO! See It   Celebrity News, Photos & Gossip News Must See Photos Video Style Celebs a a Follow Wonderwall Follow on Tumblr  MSN Privacy Legal Advertise on MSN Media/PR Inquiries RSS About Our Ads Feedback Help  2013 Microsoft Microsoft BermanBraun  