  × × Welcome! Welcome Back! Thanks for being a frequent visitor to host.madison.com . You have now viewed of your FREE premium pages this 30-day period. After you have viewed FREE pages, we will ask you to purchase a subscription. To Continue reading, follow these steps: 1 2 1. Choose your subscription. Limited Time Offer Digital Only $0.99 /month 99 Print Subscriber .99c Trial Offer 1 Month introductory rate ($1.95 after) $0.99 /month  Need Help? Call: 800-362-8333 Already have digital access? Sign in to your account. Please Wait Need Help? Call: 800-362-8333  WSJ Subscriber Services Archives Obituaries Place an ad More Advertiser Services Legal Notices Email Alerts Mobile Apps Comics Games & Puzzles Contact us Join our community Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home Sites Madison.com CapitalTimes WisconsinStateJournal 77Square Sports PrepZone DailyCardinal Food Topics DiningGuide Reviews The Latest Yeah, I Ate That: Lay's Chicken and Waffle potato chips The search for the new flavors of Lay's potato chips became an epic journey. Jordandal Cookhouse provides the taste of home cooking without the toil At Jordandal Cookhouse, takeout lunches and dinners are all made with local, pasture-raised meats and the farthest away any ingredients come f Recent Taste Invaders: Oregon chefs serve up invasive species Restaurant News: Heritage Tavern scheduled to open Saturday Cooks' Exchange: Vacation food for the last days of summer Wild cucumber invasion hits area Beer Baron: Next Door brings even more good beer to East Side Movies Topics Reviews MovieTimes NowPlaying UpcomingMovies TheaterLocations The Latest 'World's End' serves up one hilarious apocalypse The trilogy may be over, but we hope a new one is beginning. We need a lot more of these guys. Box office for the weekend ending Aug. 25 "The Butler" served up another first-place showing at the box office for the third straight weekend. Recent 'The Spectacular Now' is a gem of a teen romance Cate Blanchett is luminous in Woody's 'Blue Jasmine' A Hollywood underachiever finds her voice in 'In a World ...' Movie review: ‘Mortal Instruments’ saga opens in a cemetery — not a good sign Shooting movies: Top 10 flicks featuring crossbows and bows Music Topics Reviews Calendar The Latest Coming Attractions: DELTRON 3030, Wild Child, Bro Safari Alternative hip-hop supergroup Deltron 3030, featuring Dan the Automator and Del the Funky Homosapien, comes to the Majestic in October. Lance Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Miley Cyrus Don't get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second `N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. Recent MTV Video Music Awards: What happened to Hannah Montana? Best Bets: Rev. Horton Heat, Bat for Lashes, Grace Potter  The Nocturnals Beat that!: 35 years later, The English Beat goes on for founder Dave Wakeling Review: Jimmy Buffett returns with lackluster new album Cyndi Lauper to perform She's So Unusual at Capitol Theater on Oct. 29 Arts Topics Books Reviews Calendar Booksblog The Latest Dane Arts funds meditation, memory, music and more More than three dozen arts and cultural projects in Dane County will receive nearly $100,000 in public and private funds to assist them with t Book Events Monday Recent 'Antony and Cleopatra': An affair to remember between a general and a queen What Are You Reading? UW Press fall offerings include biography, geography and more War wounds linger in APT's 'All My Sons' Authors create workshop for aspiring novelists TV & Games Topics VideoGames TVListings PrimetimeListings Travel Topics Getaways VisitMadison FlightTracker The Latest Travel digest: Cow chip throw Get chippy Travel digest: Harley weekend Happy birthday, H-D Recent La Crosse area vineyards offer chance to sample tasty, creative vintages Travel digest: Turtle Days festival Area restaurants are worth the trip Travel digest: Old World Wisconsin Travel digest: Corn Fest Events Topics SubmitanEvent Books Clubs Community Kids Lectures Music Upcoming Events Brian Erickson Jim Erickson Jim Erickson More Events Kegler's Karaoke Irish open jam Band in a Box Karaoke w/ Lars The Currach Open mic Get It Classifieds Coupons Deals NewspaperAds BusinessDirectory PlaceanAd CarSoup New Used Certified Sell Research TheShop Dealers Specials Videos Jobs SearchForJobs PostAResume JobVideos PlaceAnAd Homes ForSale SearchByLocation PlaceAnAd Rentals SearchByLocation PlaceAnAd Chicago Imagists blend low-brow humor with high-brow technique at MMoCA  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email  2011-09-08T07:00:00Z 2011-09-08T09:25:04Z Chicago Imagists blend low-brow humor with high-brow technique at MMoCA LINDSAY CHRISTIANS | 77 Square | lchristians@madison.com madison.com September 08, 2011 7:00 am  LINDSAY CHRISTIANS | 77 Square | lchristians@madison.com (0) Comments  Related Photos  Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now   Post-pop painting by Karl Wirsum, a Chicago Imagist. (8) More Photos Chicago Imagists at the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art Where: The Madison Museum of Contemporary Art,227 State St. When: Through Jan. 15, 2012; opening reception6:30-9:30 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 10 Info: mmoca.org ;257-0158 By one measure, the rise of the Chicago Imagists was fast andfurious. Exhibits started in 1966 on the South Side at the Hyde Park ArtCenter. By 1969, the artists, nicknamed "The Hairy Who," wereshowing in the city's new Museum of Contemporary Art. And by 1973, these 20-somethings and their funny, irreverent,occasionally cartoonish paintings were asked to represent theUnited States at the São Paulo Art Biennial, an importantinternational art exhibition in Brazil. "Think of that," said Madison Museum of Contemporary Art curatorRick Axsom. "(Nineteen) sixty-six to '73, these kids from the blockare asked to represent the United States — I call that a meteoricrise to fame." Yet these Chicago artists didn't achieve the renown of the NewYork Pop artists who came before, and the style of the ChicagoImagists never became a dominant national influence. With a newexhibition of more than 75 works opening Sunday, Sept. 11, MMoCAwill re-examine the work of the Chicago Imagists, a loose group ofmostly representational artists whose work captures a key time ofpushing social and sexual boundaries. "The work was seen all over Chicago, made a huge impression,"said Stephen Fleischman, MMoCA's director. "But it never reallycaught fire. Although these artists are well-known in Chicago,they're less known nationally and internationally. "We really felt there was a need to take another look at theImagists, that they're important enough, they gave enough. ...Chicago has always gotten short shrift. It's flyover land." A biologist's passion Part of the reason MMoCA chose 2011 to hail the Imagists was agift of 100 works, received earlier this year, from longtime patronand collector William McClain. An emeritus professor from the University of Wisconsin-Madisonin bacteriology, McClain grew up in the Chicago area but didn'tbegin collecting until after he moved to Wisconsin in the early1970s. "I knew about the movement and as time went by, even though Iwas a professor in Madison, I would make trips to Chicago," McClainsaid. "I came to know virtually all of (the artists). "I wanted representatives of each, but not just anything — Iwanted the very best, from my mind's eye." In 2006, McClain donated 22 works by Wisconsin surrealist JohnWilde to the Chazen Museum of Art. His Imagists collection is moresubstantial, consisting of 27 paintings, 32 watercolors, prints,drawings, collages and several sculptures. In the Imagists' work, McClain sees a reflection of Chicago'sfamous architecture. Art Green's paintings, like "Dead Reckoning,"can look like the girders on a Chicago River bridge. Others aremore loosely urban; Green's "Regulatory Body," from 1969, evokes anice cream cone being pulled apart to reveal cogs, tire treads and achain-link fence. "Their instructors, Whitney Halstead and Ray Yoshida, taught theartists to incorporate their daily lives, to use that as a startingpoint to make their images," McClain said. Roger Brown's "Skyscraper With Pyramid" might have been inspiredby the artist's travels on the "L" train, gazing into people'sapartment windows, McClain said. Brown's 1972 "Sudden Avalanche"incorporates dark humor and absurdity; high-rise residentscelebrate and prisoners grip their bars, oblivious to acatastrophic snow slide behind them. McClain's own interpretations of the pieces — all of which, hesaid, were on display in his home — have changed over time. "When you live with them day in and day out, you see a lot younever realized was there," he said. One example was Christina Ramberg's "Tight Hipped," from 1974.With visible muscles, it recalls the traveling "Bodies" exhibitionand the world of high fashion, a comment on the expectations offemale beauty. "In at least three paintings of hers that are in the exhibition,there's a lot of subcontext," McClain said. "There are very subtlerevelations in each of her works." Distorting and contorting Many recognize the hallmarks of New York Pop art: RoyLichtenstein's stylized cartoon paintings of full-lipped women andwell-built men; Andy Warhol's Campbell soup can. The word Imagist, coined by Franz Schulze in 1959, originallyreferred to a broader group of nearly three generations of artists.Over time, Fleischman said, the phrase has morphed to refer to thelast generation. "Think about what was going on in New York (in the) '40s and'50s," he said. "Abstract expressionism ... Jackson Pollock, deKooning. Away from the image. In Chicago, they clung more stronglyto the image, albeit an image that was distorted, contorted, wildlyexpressed." Axsom delves into what made the Imagists different from theirNew York Pop predecessors in his catalog essay, "LA Snap/ChicagoCrackle/New York Pop." The Imagists enjoyed humor in art and used a"younger palette" of colors — these artists were perhaps 20 yearsyounger than their Pop counterparts. "The Chicago Imagists took from their very specific urbanenvironment a world of things to create highly fantastical art,"Axsom wrote, "in distinction from the feel of LA and New York Pop.With none of the anonymous qualities that can describe morefamiliar aspects of Pop art, Chicago Imagism takes pleasure in theautographic gesture of the artist's pen, pencil or brush and inprivate links between artists and subject." Some of the Imagists' works, like Jim Nutt's graphic, tattooednudes, toe a line between repulsion and attraction, pushing theviewer away with coarse drawings of genitalia, then coaxing themback with intriguing details. Others, like Karl Wirsum's misshapen, grotesque "Fire Lady orMonk's Key Broad," seem to burst from the canvas in flames. Somepaintings suggest the artists could have been experimenting withmind-altering substances, though that's never emphasized. "One of the most trenchant ironies of Imagism is that the nearchaos, irreverence, over-the-top antics and sometimes grossimpoliteness always is given form with the greatest craftsmanship,"Axsom wrote. The Imagists drew inspiration from private sexual acts andpolitical drama, flea market ephemera and pop culture. The catalogsfor their shows were comic books, some of which are part of theMMoCA show. "They grappled with real issues," Fleischman said. "ChristinaRamberg with her feminism ... they were taking on the issues oftheir day." "They're showing at Hyde Park when the 1968 (Democratic)convention takes place, and all of that awfulness," Axsom added."They were in a hot spot." Lasting legacy The legacy of the Imagists, some of whom are still living,continues with contemporary artists like UW-Madison art professorFred Stonehouse, who is set to give a talk at the museum in lateOctober. According to Stonehouse, one lasting influence the Imagists leftwas making the "eccentric figure" beautiful. "Maybe it's too quirky and personal and odd and too dopey forthe art world to really embrace it," Stonehouse said of Imagism. "Idon't think it's anti-intellectual, but (art critics) may see itthat way. It may get sloughed off to the side but it never goesaway." The exhibition at MMoCA opens with a tribute to the Imagists'teacher and mentor, Chicago artist Ray Yoshida. Then, on wallspainted banana yellow, marmalade orange and sea blue-green, itproceeds through the Hyde Park years and beyond, charting theartists' evolution over the following decades. "We wanted to show the best examples that we own," Fleischmansaid. "We wanted to show a range of artists, a range of media, arange of dates. These were all important things to us ... in termsof the show itself, you want to make interestingjuxtapositions." Accompanying the Imagists show is an exhibition in thefirst-floor State Street Gallery, "Chicago School: Imagists inContext." "Of course, the Imagists would never name it something soscholarly and buttoned-up," Fleischman said. "They'd call it ‘StuffWe Like.' " "And ‘Stuff We Caused,' " Axsom added, laughing. "Or blank happens," Fleischman said.   Tags Imagist , Mmoca , Post-pop , Suellen Rocca , Roger Brown , Barbara Rocci , Sarah Canright , James Falconer , Ed Flood , Art Green , Philip Hanson , Gladys Nilsson , Jim Nutt , Ed Paschke , Christina Ramberg , Karl Wirsum View (0) Comments No Comments Posted. Add Comment You must Login to comment. Click here to get an account it's free and quick More Visual Arts stories MMoCA's Stephen Fleischman picks art that 'needs to be seen' for 2013 Triennial Cartoonist Lynda Barry leads a brainy 'drawing jam' MMoCA highlights 40 artists in a showcase of Wisconsin art Romanian museum checking if burned paintings were stolen masterpieces Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 madison.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.  Latest Local Offers View More... The Old Fashioned offering Gluten Free Bread Remnants, Marked at 50% Off! Looking for a boat rental? Visit SkipperBud's today! Karls Construction Plus – For all your Remodeling needs! Consignment Closing Date for the Hylee Farm Horse Auction is September 1st. Call Today for More Information  Win free stuff! BILL MAHER -- unflinching honesty and big laughs THE SKLAR BROTHERS -- comedic masters BILLY CURRINGTON -- a trademark mix of country, RB and beach music THE HEAD AND THE HEART -- impeccable, sweet-voiced folk-pop songs AARON CARTER -- beyond exciting THE PSYCHEDELIC FURS -- a driving wall of sound YOUNGBLOOD BRASS BAND -- consistently progressive, groundbreaking acoustic music HATEBREED -- intensity, aggression and an unshakable dedication to hardcore power THE BLACK CROWES -- a set that reads like a hip-shaking history of music from below the Mason-Dixon line VOLCANO CHOIR (featuring Bon Iver's Justin Vernon) -- atmospheric, textural, and 'landscape-y THE WOOD BROTHERS -- a roots-inflected blend of blues, folk and rock MICHAEL FRANTI  SPEARHEAD -- populist positivity LOCAL NATIVES -- a band you have to see live to appreciate IMMORTAL TECHNIQUE AND BROTHER ALI -- The War and Peace Tour! RHETT MILLER -- charismatic and lively MULLIGAN MATCH-UP -- your chance to win $250 or 1 of 9 foursomes weekly! Win free movie tickets and stay on top of Madison's movie scene! SAVAGES -- brave and bold; restlessly creative and with an enticing darkness SHOOTER JENNINGS -- the most dangerous, most deceptive artist in the overall country music world SHUGGIE OTIS -- a funk-soul guitar virtuouso What to do and see in Madison sent to your inbox Weekly Winnables giveaways email Get in on the movie buzz with 77 Square's Rob Thomas Get entertainment highlights & reviews from the 77 Square staff Get food & drink news and reviews from the 77 Square staff First name: Last name: Zip code: Email:  FEATURES News Sports Entertainment Events Weather Communities Obituaries Games,Puzzles E-mail Archives Blogs GET IT Shop Classifieds Coupons Deals NewspaperAds BusinessDirectory PlaceanAd Homes Jobs Carsoup Rentals Advertiser Services Downloadamediakit(PDF) PhotoshopColorSettings BWGuidelines ColorGuidelines Submitacelebration LegalNotices Submitdigitalfilesforads Placeaclassifiedadforprintoronline Capital Newspapers Madison.com WisconsinStateJournal CapitalTimes Sports WisconsinPrepZone 77Square DailyCardinal NursingMatters WiscNews  Copyright 2013, madison.com , 1901 Fish Hatchery Rd Madison, WI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Madison Apartments Madison Attorneys Madison Auto Dealers Madison Auto Parts Madison Auto Repair Madison Beauty Salons Madison Car Rental Madison Dentists Madison Doctors Madison Flowers Madison Hotels Madison Insurance Madison Loans Madison Mortgages Madison Movers Madison Pizza Madison Realtors Madison Restaurants Madison Storage Madison Tax Preparation Madison Travel More Madison Middleton Apartments Middleton Attorneys Middleton Auto Dealers Middleton Auto Parts Middleton Auto Repair Middleton Beauty Salons Middleton Car Rental Middleton Dentists Middleton Doctors Middleton Flowers Middleton Hotels Middleton Insurance Middleton Loans Middleton Mortgages Middleton Movers Middleton Pizza Middleton Realtors Middleton Restaurants Middleton Storage Middleton Tax Preparation Middleton Travel More Middleton Waunakee Apartments Waunakee Attorneys Waunakee Auto Dealers Waunakee Auto Parts Waunakee Auto Repair Waunakee Beauty Salons Waunakee Car Rental Waunakee Dentists Waunakee Doctors Waunakee Flowers Waunakee Hotels Waunakee Insurance Waunakee Loans Waunakee Mortgages Waunakee Movers Waunakee Pizza Waunakee Realtors Waunakee Restaurants Waunakee Storage Waunakee Tax Preparation Waunakee Travel More Waunakee Oregon Apartments Oregon Attorneys Oregon Auto Dealers Oregon Auto Parts Oregon Auto Repair Oregon Beauty Salons Oregon Car Rental Oregon Dentists Oregon Doctors Oregon Flowers Oregon Hotels Oregon Insurance Oregon Loans Oregon Mortgages Oregon Movers Oregon Pizza Oregon Realtors Oregon Restaurants Oregon Storage Oregon Tax Preparation Oregon Travel More Oregon Cottage Grove Apartments Cottage Grove Attorneys Cottage Grove Auto Dealers Cottage Grove Auto Parts Cottage Grove Auto Repair Cottage Grove Beauty Salons Cottage Grove Car Rental Cottage Grove Dentists Cottage Grove Doctors Cottage Grove Flowers Cottage Grove Hotels Cottage Grove Insurance Cottage Grove Loans Cottage Grove Mortgages Cottage Grove Movers Cottage Grove Pizza Cottage Grove Realtors Cottage Grove Restaurants Cottage Grove Storage Cottage Grove Tax Preparation Cottage Grove Travel More Cottage Grove Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, madison.com. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with host.madison.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: host.madison.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 2:47:37 pm 