 Industry Composites / Plastics Search Composites / Plastics Composites 101 Automotive Manufacturing Guide picks The automotive companies are using increasing amounts of a large variety of plastics in all areas of automotive maunfacture. From under-the-hood and exterior trim to interior trim, the amounts of plastics being used are continually increasing. They are also allocating significant resources towards plastics recycling and most companies have recycle mandates in-place. Auto Central A VerticalNet marketplace for industry professionals, they offer an excellent news resource. Auto Channel On-line resource for automotive multi-media products. Autocenter Automotive Industry Information Resource. Automotive Learning Center The web presence of the Automotive Learning Center which is physically located in Dearborn, MI. Automotive Manufacturing and Production Automotive industry site with specific areas for design, engineering, markets and products. A good first look for automotive professionals. Daimler-Chrysler The home to Mercedes-Benz, Smart, Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Freightliner, Sterling, Thomas, American LaFrance, Western Star Trucks, Detroit Deisel, Setra, Debis, Mopar, Powertrain, MTU and Temic. Delphi Automotive Systems A GM spin-off company with an informative (if slow to load) web site. Ford Motor Company The home to Volvo, Mazda, Lincoln, Ford, Mercury, Jaguar, Aston Martin and Land Rover. General Motors Home to Buick , Cadillac, Chevrolet, EV1, GMC, Holden, Hummer, Oldsmobile, Opel, Pontiac, Saab, Saturn, Vauxhall. GM also links to numerous automotive parts producing companies and other automotive producers with whom they partner including Fiat, Fuji, Isuzu and Suzuki. Just Autos An international online portal for automotive industry professionals. Lear Corporation Automotive parts producer. The site is somewhat dry but adequately describes who they are and what they do. NEA Automotive Recruiting NEA Automotive is a recruiting company specializing in automotive executives, engineers, and operations professionals for both corporate and plant environments and are a leading firm serving the Tier 1, 2, and 3 supplier and OEM community. Society of Automotive Engineers The Engineering Society For Advancing Mobility in Land Sea Air and Space. Society of Manufacturing Engineers Society for engineers with strong focus in automotive and automotive support industries. Publisher of Automotive Plastics (recent back-issues available on-line). Visteon A Ford Motor Company spin-off. An interesting site with a good overview of the company. Free Composites / Plastics Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Composites / Plastics Must Reads Evolution of Wind Turbone Blades History Of Composites Benefit of Composites What Is Carbon Fiber The Composite Surfboard Most Popular Thermoplastic vs Thermoset Resins How To Carbon Fiber The Composite Surfboard How Is Carbon Fiber Made? Top 20 Engineering Achievements of the 20th... Free Composites / Plastics Newsletter! Sign Up By Category About Composites & Plastics Resin Matrix Manufacturing Composites Composites Industry Carbon Fiber Plastics Fiberglass Software Equipment Misc Composite Info Aramid Composites / Plastics About.com Industry Composites / Plastics Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 