 Jump to content Search Advanced Search section: This topic Forums Members Help Files Calendar Gallery Garage Pages Skylines Australia Forums Members Calendar Gallery Trader Ratings Timeslips Garage Spy More Sign In Create Account Skylines Australia Automotive General Automotive Discussion  View New Content Javascript Disabled Detected You currently have javascript disabled. Several functions may not work. Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality. Thesis On Car Culture Started by hoy32 , Aug 03 2013 11:33 AM Please log in to reply 4 replies to this topic  Rank: RB25DE  hoy32 Members 271 posts Gender: Male Location: Melbourne Car(s): RS4S Stagea Real Name: Andrew  #1  Hi guys, Working on my architectural thesis at the moment and my issue is on car culture vs the general public perception. What I am trying to achieve is to define a space that helps to address this issue and would really appreciate your help! This thesis will eventually be proposed to the community and the law enforcement so please be honest but be opinionative. Also voice your opinion in this thread, anything to do with the car community and the general public. Feel free to post it here! Without going into too much detail, I would like your thought on the following scenarios: 1. You're cruising on a Saturday night with your not so legal vehicle. In front is a booze bus and you get pulled in. But instead of giving you a breath test, you are directed to a nearby multi level car park. Once you're in, you realise there are many "car enthusiasts" been detained. An officer announces that the community would like your help to establish a car gathering event within this car park every week not much different to what you see in the Fast and Furious movies. Activities such as pop up fast food joints, music, hooning are encouraged with no legal consequences. 2. You're driving your not so legal vehicle and gets pulled over by a highway patrol. The officer comes over and takes your details. He mentions your car is not legal and you can get a major EPA. He lets you go without any warning but before he leaves, he asks you to participate in an experiment. He invites you to a DIY workshop garage where car enthusiasts are to help service/fix/diagnose problems for people's cars. He also explains it is a good opportunity to bring your car and to educate the general public about the car community. 3. A highway that is notorious for it's hooning activity is suddenly devoid of police presence. 4. SAU have been asked by the force to help track hoons and report them. That's it for now. Depending how successful this is post is, it will be an ongoing thing and I might come back and ask more questions. If you think this has potential to be explored further, please pass this along to other forums. As I mentioned before this thesis will eventually be used to address the public. Thanks for the help! Posted 03 August 2013 - 11:33 AM Back to top Terry_GT-R34  Terry_GT-R34 Members 13,190 posts Gender: Male Location: Blue Mtns Interests: Bible, Car Cam Vids, Targa, Sailing, Golf Car(s): GTR_N1 EVO8MR BMW530i Real Name: Terry  #2 Looks like a Sociology thesis rather than an Architecture one Andrew. Not sure if you'd want an old codger like me at the bottom end of your 'bell curve'? Posted 03 August 2013 - 01:45 PM Winner Best Concours R34 GT-R 10th Anniversary 2009 Organiser R32 GT-R 21st Anniversary Organiser Legends Night 2010 Back to top The Freakin Ricemeister  BakemonoRicer Members 2,000 posts Gender: Male Location: Rice Raceland Car(s): S15 Spec S  #3 There would be absolutely minimal published research that actually relates to your research question,  So unless you went out andconducted primary data collection, which would require ethics approval, it would be fairly not doable. Posted 03 August 2013 - 03:20 PM Member of the  Racing Team C urrent Cars Owned:  Car Enthusiast Rating: Otaku Driving Style: Eccentric/ Extreme-Ultra-Super-Late-Braking Modifications Top Secret - Sleeper Specification. Back to top for all your whoring needs...  luke GTR Members  19,613 posts Gender: Male Location: the riff, sydney Car(s): R32 GTR; 121 Real Name: Luke  #4 not enough time to type reply before sleep. but, I do have some personal opinions to share. will pm you tomorrow. Posted 03 August 2013 - 10:35 PM Yeah Nick, do it. So I can watch you row your broken boat home to QLD. would buy from again... UWISSH R32 TT Just_a_datsun r33 ross dontfeelcold mlr friction_point fatz stagtr D_I_F Back to top owner since 01  Gts30t Members 2,043 posts Gender: Male Location: Brisbane Car(s): 93 HCR32  99 JDM S15 R Real Name: Mick  #5 Theres is no culture in australia, all there is is egos, attitudes and internet warriors Posted 04 August 2013 - 12:18 PM Back to top Back to General Automotive Discussion  0 user(s) are reading this topic 0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous users Reply to quoted posts Clear  Skylines Australia  Automotive  General Automotive Discussion Privacy Policy SAU Guidelines  Change Theme Innovation Pulse Deluxe Mobile Help IPB3 Skin By Tom Christian. Inspired by XenForo Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.3 Licensed to: www.skylinesaustralia.com Sign In Use Facebook Use Twitter Need an account? Register now! Username Forum Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy 