 The Segmental Info System    Tuesday August 27, 2013   Hawaii Arts and Entertainment  Hawaii Guide Arts and Entertainment Hawaii's arts and entertainment are not only great vacation diversions, but an important partof island culture as well Artistic Amusements  Why Not Go? Past and Present Culture Economy History Religion Planning Your Trip Getting Info Making Decisions Booking Your Trip When to Go Arts and Entertainment Crafts Dance Film Literature Music: Musical Instruments Musical Influences Musical Traditions and Styles Theater Visual Arts Food Culinary Styles Beverages Seafood Getting Around Bikes and Mopeds Buses Cruises Rental Cars Taxis Travel Basics  Site Info Search Sites of Interest Suggest a Site Terms of Use Contact Us Privacy Policy  The history and culture of the Hawaiian islands is a major part of whatmakes the region so fascinating. The islands are a melting pot of international cultures andheritage that have come together to form a unique blended society. Both in Hawaii's history andpresent day time, arts and entertainment have been key in portraying the culture of the AlohaIslands. Before the first words were ever written in Hawaii, the art ofstorytelling played a significant role in keeping the history of the islands and their peoplealive. The orators of Hawaii were considered living libraries, as they had to memorize and reciteextensive accounts of historical events, legends, and other folklore. The ancient inhabitants of Hawaii believed that words heldtremendous, and even supernatural, powers used to communicate with their gods and goddesses. Theybelieved that the power of words brought knowledge that must be protected from all but the islands'high priests. Therefore, the Hawaiians didn't develop a written language until after the arrival ofWestern culture. With the arrival of many foreign cultures to the islands, the native people foundit necessary to learn how to read and write in order to understand the ways of these newcomers.Since then, reading, writing, literature, and the desire to learn spread throughout the islandslike wildfire. The early islanders used the power of words in religiousceremonies and other celebratory events, where they combined the spoken word with music and dance.Hawaiian folk music was used for many different occasions, particularly to express emotions. One ofthe most popular Hawaiian music performances is the hula. This particular style incorporates dancechoreography, harmonies from various instruments, and chanting. The hula has helped gain worldwidepopularity for the music of Hawaii. When most people think of Hawaiian harmonies, the instrumentthat comes to mind is the ukulele. Along with traditional island music, there are several othergenres of music that are popular on the Aloha Islands including jazz, hip-hop, and Jawaiian, whichis a combination of reggae with Hawaiian sounds. Annual music festivals are held throughout theyear on the islands to celebrate the sounds of Hawaii's diverse music. Just as captivating as its island melodies is Hawaii'sindisputable beauty. Hawaii is very well known for its gorgeous natural landscapes and tropicalscenery, which have not escaped the eyes of artists. The visual arts have a special place in theculture of the islands, especially on Maui, Oahu, Kauai, and the Big Island, which all have a largenumber of museums and art centers. There are plenty of festivities focused on art to be enjoyedwhile visiting Hawaii. Not only has the scenery of Hawaii captured the attention ofartists, but its natural beauty has lured in filmmakers as well. The film history of Hawaii goesback to even before it became a part of the United States. From soundless short flicks to featurelength mega-films, Hawaii has been the stage for numerous movies and television shows. Along withthe big-screen and television, Hawaii also has a number of performing arts theaters where livedramatic performances take place. No matter if you love theater, still life, oil paintings, ornovels, Hawaii's arts and entertainment has a little of everything, so you can learn more about theculture of the islands while being thoroughly entertained. Print this Article When to Go Crafts  ABOUT SEGISYS TERMS OF USE CONTACT US SUGGEST A SITE - dash right to the info you want Copyright  2004 - 2013 IIWINC All rights reserved. Print  Return to Normal View 