 Skip Navigation Colleges  Schools Directory Offices Maps Calendars Libraries Mobile UT Direct Search UT About UT Academics Athletics Campus Life Community Engagement Research  About UT Campus Profile Mission, Core Purpose and Honor Code Visiting Campus Campus Tours Rankings  Kudos Administration Sustainability History  Traditions Arts  Attractions Life in Austin Corporate Connections UT Home > About UT > Arts & Attractions Arts  Attractions Libraries  Museums The University of Texas at Austin’s library system is the nation’s fifth-largest academic library and is one of the top 10 research libraries in the nation. From the Life Science Library to the Perry-Castañeda Library , the public can access more than nine million volumes within the 17 libraries on campus. The Dolph Briscoe Center for American History houses thousands of books, manuscripts, newspapers, photos and maps relating to various aspects of America’s past, including historical collections on Congress and the media and entertainment industries. Numerous special collections can be found within the campus libraries, including the Nettie Lee Benson Latin American Collection , the Alexander Architectural Archive and the Ruth Stephan Poetry Collection . The Harry Ransom Center holdings include the world’s first photograph , the papers of Pulitzer Prize-winning author Norman Mailer and the Watergate papers of Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. The LBJ Library and Museum houses more than 40 million documents relating to the career of President Lyndon B. Johnson. The Texas Natural Science Center conducts research, holds more than 5.7 million specimens in its collections and promotes public awareness of biological diversity through its exhibits, labs and outreach programs. The Blanton Museum of Art contains more than 17,000 works, including Old Master paintings, modern and contemporary American and Latin American Art, and a broad collection of prints and drawings. Exhibition  Performance Spaces The Visual Arts Center is a vibrant collaboration and exhibition space created by the College of Fine Arts' Department of Art and Art History. Highlighting internationally acclaimed student and faculty research, the center is a magnet of research and exhibition, drawing students, scholars and the public together to share and explore the visual arts. The Landmarks Public Art Program  gets you up close and personal with contemporary and modern art sculptures placed throughout campus. The program brings the finest works of public art to the main campus to support the university as a leading research institution, enhance its aesthetic character and provide a source of civic pride and welfare. The Courtyard Gallery  at the ATT Executive Education and Conference Center is curated by Jade Walker and presents a wide range of artwork produced by faculty and alumni from the Department of Art and Art History in the College of Fine Arts. With seating for 2,900 people, Bass Concert Hall , the flagship theatre of Texas Performing Arts, is the largest in Austin. The space boasts a vast stage, an orchestra pit capable of holding 100 musicians, dressing rooms to accommodate more than 100 performers, computerized lighting, advanced sound and rigging systems, and a mammoth backstage area. The Brockett Theatre is an intimate setting of 244 seats. Used most frequently for student productions of the Department of Theatre and Dance, this theatre helps develop budding new talent into experienced performers as part of Texas Performing Arts' educational mission. Specially designed for its excellent acoustics, Bates Recital Hall is a 700-seat venue that is capable of hosting everything from symphony orchestras, major choral presentations and concert bands to ensembles and solo recitals. The hall also houses the Visser-Rowland organ, the country's largest tracker organ. The space serves performances by professional visiting musicians and recitals by UT students and faculty members.  link 1link 2link 3link 4 What Starts Here div "footer_tower" is absolutely positioned on top of the "footer_top" and "footer_bottom" and contains the graphic with the wordmark and tower in the background Contact Emergency Information ITS Help  Support © 2013 The University of Texas at Austin Web Privacy Policy Web Accessibility Policy Resources for People with Disabilities About this Site UT System State of Texas Statewide Search Fraud Hotline Online Institutional Résumés Access Syllabi and CVs 