  Asheville Weddings Meeting & Event Planners Press Room Motorcoach & AAA Explore Asheville ( 0 ) items in your Itinerary Discover Asheville, a destination with a style and rhythm all its own!  Hotels & Lodging Restaurants & Dining Things To Do Packages & Deals Seasonal Fun About Asheville Hotels & Lodging Search by Neighborhood You'll feel at home in the Asheville area no matter whether you stay at an intimate bed and breakfast, a hotel or motel or a cozy mountain cabin. more Cabins Bed & Breakfasts Hotels & Motels Resorts Campgrounds Pet Friendly Lodging Deals & Packages Restaurants & Dining Local Food Culture Come taste for yourself and discover how Asheville became a favored destination for food enthusiasts and earned its place on the culinary map. more Restaurants by Cuisine Restaurants by Neighborhood Beer & Breweries Things To Do Events Calendar The Asheville area, named a must–see destination by Frommer's, boasts a thriving arts community, diverse outdoor adventures, a vibrant and inviting downtown,... more Outdoor Adventures Nightlife Discover Downtown Arts & Entertainment Tours Family Fun Historic Attractions & Museums Wildlife Hiking Trails Shopping Spas and Wellness Nearby Towns Packages & Deals Special Deals and Coupons Enjoy a fun getaway in the Asheville area with a generous savings as local accommodations offer specials and deals. more Biltmore Tickets Romantic Getaways, Vacations & Honeymoons Seasonal Packages Family Fun Packages Spa Packages Outdoor Packages Girlfriend Getaway Culinary Packages Cultural Packages Golf Packages All Packages Seasonal Fun Seasonal Savings Asheville's seasons are a palette of colors and experiences, ranging from the enchanting holidays and spring mountains bursting with color to the outdoor adventures... more Fall Holidays Winter Spring Summer About Asheville Free Travel Guide Asheville is that type of unique, special place that lingers sweetly in your mind and memories for years to come. more E-Newsletter Signup History Getting Around Visitor Information Weather Cool Asheville Stories Photo Tour Webcams Partners  Things To Do  Events Calendar  Outdoor Adventures Nightlife  Discover Downtown  Arts & Entertainment  Asheville Music Scene Performing Arts Art Galleries  Tours  Family Fun  Historic Attractions & Museums Wildlife  Hiking Trails  Shopping  Spas and Wellness  Nearby Towns  SPECIAL OFFERS  Prev | Next  Biltmore Estate... Leave your cares behind with this relaxing, two-day getaway that more view all  FREE PRINTED TRAVEL GUIDE Asheville Blog Curate Announces ... August 26, 2013 Nightbell Slated to Open December, 2013.Katie Button of Curate is ... more Sneak Peek: New ... August 16, 2013 Restoration Underway in Biltmore House.Big changes are afoot at the ... more Asheville: Happiest ... August 12, 2013 Researchers in Vermont Confirm What Asheville Locals Already Knew.As ... more Asheville's Harvest ... August 12, 2013 Mountain Food Traditions Still Thrive in Appalachia.For culinary ... more  Print Arts & Entertainment Asheville area art galleries, performing arts, fine art, mountain crafts and folk art Music Scene Performing Arts Galleries Festivals River Arts District Slideshow The Asheville arts scene is buzzing, featuring hundreds of fine artists, performing arts venues, mountain crafters, folk artists, hip arts neighborhoods, numerous art galleries and myriads of art events. Looking for live perfomances? Check out LiveWire , Asheville's one-stop shop and event calendar for the performing arts. A Thriving Artist Community There are several arts districts in Asheville that are home to hundreds of artists, such as the 30-plus member Downtown Asheville Art District . The Asheville Art Museum entices with a variety of shows and collections throughout the year. An Artistic Feast for the Senses Asheville's art scene includes an enthusiastic music culture . From bluegrass and mountain music to experimental jazz and rock, the city's creative atmosphere inspires musicians. Asheville's performing arts alliance also thrives. The Thomas Wolfe Auditorium is home to opera and ballet performances throughout the year. Street performers entertain crowds on nearly every corner of downtown. Watch Artists at Work The River Arts District , filled with dozens of working art studios, is one of Asheville's unique arts neighborhoods. A Celebrated Arts Destination Asheville has been heralded as a prime arts destination by the New York Times, Southern Living, Travel + Leisure and American Style Magazine, just to name a few media accolades. Get the Asheville Travel Guide (online or print version) to plan your next visit. The Arts Search browse subcategories Art Galleries Cinema Music Outdoor Drama Performing Arts The Arts: Theatre/Dance browse locations (optional) Biltmore Village Black Mountain Downtown East North South Weaverville West  View Mapped Listings View: A-F | G-L | M-R | S-Z | ALL 1-5 of 90    The Altamont Theatre 18 Church Street Asheville, NC 28801 Phone: (828) 274-8070 Region: Downtown The Altamont Theatre presents inspiring professional musical theatre featuring world-class actors, singers, directors and designers in our intimate 120 seat theatre on beautiful Church Street in vibrant downtown Asheville, North Carolina. A  more Details  Map It Book It Add to Itinerary  American Folk Art and Framing 64 Biltmore Avenue Asheville, NC 28801 Phone: 828-281-2134 Region: Downtown Contemporary Southern Folk Art, including painting North Carolina wood-fired pottery, wood carving & jewelry. They also provide innovative custom picture framing solutions for the enhancement of your fine art. Throw in a generous helping of whimsy,  more Details  Map It Add to Itinerary  Appalachian Craft Center 10 North Spruce Street Ste. 120 Asheville, NC 28801 Phone: 828-253-8499 Region: Downtown The pottery of the North Carolina folk potters awaits you at Appalachian Crafts. Owens, McNeill, Wyndham, and Coles, as well as many skilled artisans from the surrounding neighborhoods. Carved eastern song birds, wooden toys, hand-woven looper rugs,  more Details  Map It Deals Add to Itinerary Ariel Gallery 19 Biltmore Avenue Asheville, NC 28801 Phone: 828-236-2660 Region: Downtown Ariel Gallery Asheville's contemporary craft collective. Featuring a wide range of fine craft created by its preeminent local members. Ariel Gallery: for the Well Crafted Life. Details  Map It Add to Itinerary Art from the Heart 114 Cherry Street Black Mountain, NC 28711 Phone: 828-628-0520 Region: Black Mountain Regional craftsmanship that is unusual and affordable is the gold standard at Art From The Heart on historic Cherry Street in downtown Black Mountain. Of special note is a large selection of spiritually themed pottery and jewelry, needle feltings,  more Details  Map It Add to Itinerary View: A-F | G-L | M-R | S-Z | ALL 1-5 of 90    Explore Asheville Sitemap Legal Contact Relocation Information Partner Login Information for Partners Asheville Area Chamber of Commerce |  Asheville Convention and Visitors Bureau Buncombe County Tourism Development Authority  (828) 258-6101  Discover great Asheville trip ideas on  simpleview, inc. logo  