 Arts on the Internet HOME Visual Performing Arts Film Music Literature Philosophy Bookshop Authors Index: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Z Home .. AuthorIndex Countrydirectory Poetryonline Journals, webzines E-Texts  The Best Literary Magazines and Literary Journals: a Comprehensive List See also: Literary Web Blogs A B C D E European journals F French Journals G German Journals H I J K L M N O P Q R S T V W X Y Z Directories and databases Published A free directory ofindependent writers and artists, ezine publishers andillustrators. A literary magazine and journal database for poets and writers. A searchable database from Poets and Writers A 'Top 50' selection of literary journals, from Every Writer's Resource EWR Directory ofOpen Access Journals This service covers accessto free, fulltext, quality controlled scientific and scholarly journals. LitList LitList is an online network of literary journals, book publishers,online literary journals, and writers, that gives literary publishersand writers new ways to interact. Publishers can update theirsubmission guidelines, contact information, and contests knowing thatwriters who follow them immediately see those updates. Project Muse Project Muse is a unique collaboration between libraries andpublishers, providing 100% full-text, affordable and user-friendlyonline access to a comprehensive selection of prestigious humanitiesand social sciences journals.  A Abalone Moon aAbalone Moon is anonline poetry/arts journal which is both thematic and eclectic in itschoiceof poetry and art. It features work by both known and unknowncontemporarypoets and artists. Included in the journal are poetry and arts links. TheAbsinthe LiteraryReview Short stories, poems, poetics andessays. AbsurdistMonthly Review Downloadable pdfmagazine featuring articles on metafictional devices,experimental writing  publishing techniques, absurdist literarytheory and history. The Adirondack Review The Adirondack Review is an independent on-line quarterly of literatureand the arts published by Black Lawrence Press. It is dedicated topublishing quality poetry, fiction, artwork, and photography, as wellas interviews, articles, book reviews, and film reviews Aeqai QAI: the journal for critical thinking, reviews and reflectiveprose on contemporary visual art in Greater Cincinnati. AgniMagazine For over thirty years, AGNIhas brought its readers the best national and international writingfrom established as well as emerging writers. Agonia Agonia is an international interactive website for writing andliterature, formed by numerous cultural communities and languages. Itis a platform where writers around the world publish their works,engage in providing constructive feedback critique oriented towardshoning skills in the writing process. AlsopReview A not-for-profit poetry and literature review. Alt-X Online a publishing network where the digertali meet the literati. Art andfictioninstallations on the web, cyberfiction, writerly webs. Articles oninternetversus print media. Ambit, oneof Britain's leading literary and arts magzines. TheAmerican Literary Review Americanliterary magazines. Newpages.com, Literary Magazines. The NewPages Guide to the best literarymagazines in print and online. The American Scholar The American Scholar is a quarterly magazine dedicated to currentevents, politics, history, science, culture and the arts. Ancient Narrative As the name Ancient Narrative indicates, the areas of interest of thejournal are: Greek, Roman, Jewish novelistic traditions, includingnovels proper, the "fringe", as well as the fragments; narrative textsof the Byzantine age, early Christian narrative texts - and thereception of these works in modern literature, film and music. Anderbo Fiction, poetry, "fact", photography. TheAntigonish Review (TAR), one of Canada's leading literary quarterlies. The Antioch Review TheAntioch Review is a distinguished, well-established literaryjournal that publishes lively and cogent essays, fiction, poetry andbook reviews. ArtBin Swedish/international forum for art, literature, music,cultural politics. Arete tri-quarterly arts magazine. An excellent British journal of contemporaryliterature, contemporary writers. Edited by Craig Raine. Artsand Letters Daily news updates. Debate, criticism, reviews. Arts  Opinion Arts, Culture, Analysis. A bi-monthly looking for quality criticalwriting. ArtTimes Journal A literary journal and resource for all of thearts, crossing geographical barriers, counties and states. Based in theHudson Valley Region and the Metropolitan New York area. Ascent Ascentis a tri-annual collection of fiction, poetry and essays that provokesand entertains the head as well as the heart. Each issue featuresdramatic poetry, thoughtful essays, and fiction with a solid narrative. The Associative Press The Associative Press is a nonprofit literary and arts journal, printed annually. AtlanticOnline Atlantic Unbound Afantastic offering interviews and reviews (with anAmerican bias), but especially noteworthy for its contemporary opinion on classics dating back to the1890s. Australian literary journals Australian literary mgazines, a guide from the Australian government. Australian Poetry Centre list of Australian literary journals, magazines and blogs. Arena Arena is well known in Melbourne and Australia more broadly as apublication which has made an impact on political and culturalinterpretation and practice over a period of more than thirty years. Australian Book Review The Australian arts, life and style section. Australian Reader AustralianReader.com publishes new fiction,nonfiction and poetry by Australianauthors. Jacket2 Jacket2 publishes articles, reviews, interviews, discussions andcollaborative responses, archival documents, podcasts, and descriptionsof poetry symposia and projects. Literary Magazines Australia Literary Magazines Australia brings together the best new writing onoffer in Australia from ten of the countrys most respected literarymagazines. These ten magazines showcase interesting and provocativework by new and established writers while fostering a culture ofdynamic discussion. Meanjin Quadrant Founded as an initiative of the Australian Committee for CulturalFreedom in 1956, Quadrant magazine has publihsed many of Australia'smost prominent. Fiction has also been regularly published. Southerly Southerly is Australias oldest literary journal. Wet Ink Wet Ink, the magazine of new writing. AuthorScoop With exclusive columns andauthor interviews, along with constantlyupdated links to the latest literary news and reviews, videos relatedto the craft and business of writing, author quotes andpoetry. AuthorScoop is a one-stop shop for both information andinspiration. Authors Den Whereauthors and readers come together. Ebooks, stories, poetry, reviews. B Babel: The Tower ofBabel The Multilingual, Multicultural OnlineJournal and Community of Arts andIdeas. Bad Idea Magazine A quarterly magazine of personalstorytelling: journalism, photostories, artwork and comics. BallyhooStories A biannual literary magazine dedicated to the bestin fiction and creative non-fiction. Each issue has a theme elaboratedon through visual art and design, in print and on the web. Banipal Literatureand art of the Middle East. Birkensnake Birkensnake is an irregularly published, imperfectly bound collection of fiction. Fiction! Paper! Thread! BlitheQuarterly A journal for gay short fiction. Blogs (WebLogs) . See also: LiteraryWeb Logs LiteraryWeblogs An Overview . Blogging Literature, TheBest Literary Blogs. TheComplete Review Quarterly. Blogs.Web Logs OpenDirectory Project. Personaljournals. Open Directory Project Publishingnews. Aweb log from Arts Journal. Writers'weblogs. Dmoz.org BloomsburyMagazine, London. Literary life on the web. An on-line magazinefor book lovers, readers and writers. BloomsburyMagazine research centre. A free on- line database of reference books. BoldType A literary magazine from Random House. Bombmagazine. Interviews between artists, writers, musicians, directors andactors. Bookforum Art;culture, fiction. Associated with Artforum. Bookmarks Magazine A reading guide with book reviews. TheBoston Review Politics and literature. Brand A U.K. literary magazine which publishes high quality, original shortstories, plays, poems and creative non-fiction. Each issue alsofeatures an in-depth interview with a significant writer and art bycontemporary artists. Brick Aliterary journal. A readers and writers magazine. British literary journals and maagzines British literary magazines. A list from Wikipedia. Brittle Star Brittle Star is aninternational literary magazine, based in the U.K., dedicated topublishing new poetry and short fiction. It has earned a reputation forproviding a platform for writers at the beginning of their careers,many of whom have seen their work in print for the first time. Burningword Burningword is a quarterly publication focusing on emerging writers ofpoetry and short fiction. This site contains an extensive collection offantastic poetry and prose by established authors. Burningword is anon-profit organization and has published continuously since June 2000. . A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T V W X Y Z C Cabinet Founded as a non-profit in 2000, Cabinet is an award-winning quarterlymagazine of art and culture based in New York. In an age of increasingspecialization, Cabinet looks to previous traditions of thewell-rounded thinker to forge a new type of magazine designed for theintellectually curious reader of the future. Caketrain Caketrain is a literary journaland press based in Pittsburgh,Pennsylvania. The editors wish to bring to the reader the very best incontemporary creative writing. They believe that literary fiction,nonfiction and poetry are, as ever,the cornerstones of new and inventive human observation and theever-expanding frontiers of linguistic expression. California LiteraryReview Essays,interviews, book reviews. Their goal is to be the #1 source on the webfor insightful, irreverent book reviews, thought provoking essays, andinterviews with talented authors. Callaloo Thepremier African Diaspora literary journal, publishes original works by,and critical studies of, black writers worldwide. Cambridge Literary Review A literary magazine published three times per year at TheUniversity of Cambridge, England. It publishes poetry, short fictionand criticism, and has published work by writers from around the worldand in many languages. The Cambridge Quarterly The Cambridge Quarterly is a journal of literary criticism which alsopublishes articles on cinema, the visual arts, and music. It aims,without sacrifice of scholarly standards, to engage readers outside aswell as inside the academic profession. It welcomes articles thatencourage the re-reading of familiar authors, as well as those thatchampion new or neglected work. Cerebration Cerebration is a quarterly electronic journal that aims at bridging thegap between academic and non-academic circles and initiates criticalthoughtand creative expression trans-culturally. The editorial advisory boardhas eminent academics, authors and journalists like Gayatri Spivak,BapsiSidhwa, Cassandra Laity, and Jack Lynch among other renowned academics,journalists and filmmakers from US  India. Cerise Press Cerise Press is aninternational online (also print)journal of literature, arts and culture based in the U.S.A and France.The journal, published three times a year, includes poetry, poetry intranslation, interviews, reviews, essays, art, photography and more. Cha Cha: An Asian Literary Journal Chais the first and onlyHong Kong-based online literary quarterlyjournaldedicated to publishing quality poetry, fiction, creative non-fiction,reviews, photography  art from and about Asia. The Chattahoochee Review literary magazine is a nationallyrecognized literary journal. Their purpose, a twenty-five year literarytradition, is to publish original writing of literary merit. Eachquarter, they publish the best in creative writing, essays, fiction,literary criticisms; everything youve come to expect from a celebratedliterary magazine. Chelsea Magazine Unaffiliated with any institution, Chelsea has been publishing new,established, and soon-to-be-established voices in literature since1958. Its emphasis is on translations, art, and cross-culturalexchange. Chicago Review The Chicago Review is a literary magazine published four times per yearby the University of Chicago. The Chicago Review was an early promoterof the American Beat Movement in literature. Chicago Quarterly Review The Chicago Quarterly Review was founded in 1995 in order to publishboth emerging and established writers and, by doing so, encourage themin the development of their craft. CiberLetras Revista de crtica literaria y de cultura - Journal of literarycriticism and culture. ColdMountain Review Founded in 1972 by the poet R.T. Smithand other graduate students in the English Department at AppalachianStateUniversity, Cold Mountain Review publishes creative work and interviewswith new and notable poets from across the nation and overseas. Inadditionto bringing the books of neglected small presses to the attention ofreaders,Cold Mountain Review aims to represent poets from diverse backgrounds. ComparativeLiterature TheOfficial Journal of the American Comparative LiteratureAssociation ComparativeLiterature and Culture A peer-reviewed electronic journal aimedat publishing scholarship in comparative literature and culture. Conjunctions Conjunctions on the Web features an ever-expanding constellation ofinnovative fiction, poetry, drama, interviews, and other work by someof the leading literary lights of our time. Over 500 works from thepast twenty years of Conjunctions are archived here, ranging fromestablished masters to younger generation writers--and including newwriters for the future. Contemporary Poetry Review A British-based academic literary journal featuring articles, essays,literary criticism and book reviews of established international poets. Contrary Founded at the University of Chicago, Contrary Magazine publishespoetry,fiction, commentary, and specimens that blur those categories.Publishedon campus as the Journal of Unpopular Discontent, Contrary now appearsquarterly on the web and publishes authors from across the world. CortlandReview Online literary magazine in Real Audio. Councilof Literary Magazines and Presses, U.S. The Council serves one ofthe most active segments of American arts and culture: the independentpublishers of exceptional fiction, poetry and prose.(CLMP). CreativeNon-Fiction A journal devoted exclusively to the non-fictiongenre. Critical Inquiry Critical Inquiry is an interdisciplinary, peer-reviewed journal devotedto the best critical thought in the arts and humanities. Founded in1974, it has been called one of the best known and most influentialjournals in the world (Chicago Tribune) and academes mostprestigious theory journal (New York Times). CTheory Arttheory, literary theory, society, technology and culture articles. CulturalLogic An Electronic Journal of Marxist Theory and Practice D Das Gefrorene Meer A German literary journal thatpublishes in German and other European lanuages. Debris Magazine Poetry/prose, shortstories,travel writing and reviews and monthly features on artists andphotographers. Based in Pittsburgh, U.S. Descant, a quarterly journal publishing new and established contemporary writersand visual artists from Canada and around the world. Diode Poetry Journal Dislocate A literary journal published by graduate students at the University ofMinnesota. DogwoodJournal Dogwood magazine promotes unknown andemerging artistsand features a wide array of artwork that ranges from music tophotographyto poetry. Dossier, an independent arts and culture journal outof New York, whoseconcept is to bring together creative writing, photography,fashionandart. Double Room Ajournal of prose poetry and flash fiction. Drawbridge The Drawbridge is a U.K. quarterly of thought, wit and reflectiongiving equal focus to literature and visual arts. With each issue,authors and artists cast an unflinching look at a timely theme. DrunkenBoat an international online journal for the arts thatpublishes more traditional forms of representation, such as poetry,prose,and photography, alongside works of art endemic to the medium of theweb,such as hypertext, audio, video, and web art. E  EarlyModern LiteraryStudies A refereed journal serving as a formalarena forscholarly discussion and as an academic resource for researchers in thearea. Eclectica Magazine Founded in1996 as a quality web-onlyliterary magazine not bound by formulaor genre and harnessing technology to further the reading experienceratherthan for its own sake. Eclectic Flash A non-profit literary journal dedicated to bringing readers the bestflash literture available on the internet, regardless of genre. The Edge EdgeFoundation, Inc., was established in 1988 as an outgrowth of a group knownas The Reality Club. Its informal membership includes of some of themost interesting mindsin the world. Edinburgh Review Edinburghs oldest literary journal and released three times a year. Ekleksographia Ekleksographia is an independentinternational poetry magazine edited, produced and published by JesseGlass, Daniel Sendecki and a revolving panel of editors. Thepublication averages about 2issues a year. Emprise Review Emprise Reviewis an internationally read monthly online and quarterly print literaryjournal.Emprise Reviewwas founded first on the notion that the hallmarks of qualityliterature needed preserving in the age of mediadilution. E.ratio Poetry Journal Eratio publishes poetry in the postmodern idioms with an emphasis onthe intransitive. Eratio publishes a pdf version of every issue. EratioEditions, an e-chap publisher, is reading for poetry, innovativenarrative prose and recollection, and critical and theoreticalessays. Escarp A selective, Twitter-based review of brief (140 characters or less) poetry and prose (including fiction and nonfiction). Eserver.org TheEServer is a unique website where 226 writers, artists, editors andscholarsgather to publish and discuss their works (currently 32435 of them inall).TheEServer (founded in 1990 at Carnegie Mellon University as the EnglishServer)attempts to provide an alternative niche for quality work. Now based atIowa State University, they offer 44 collections on such diverse topicsas contemporary art, race, Internet studies, sexuality, drama, design,multimedia, accessible publishing and current political and socialissues.In addition to written works, they publish hypertext, audio and evenvideorecordings. TheEServer Journals EServer Journals Collection. A place to find academicjournals and popular magazines that represent the best writing on theWeb. Essaysand Fictions A journal of literature andcriticism, based in New York City. Euphony Ajournal of literature and art by undergraduates of The University ofChicago. European online literary and culture journals Europeanliterary and scholarly journals online. Eurozine is a portal to a wide selection of European cultural magazinesand e-zines, as well as related institutions and organizations. Signandsight Signandsight.com translates outstanding articles by nonEnglish-language authors, bringing them to a global readership.Signandsight.com gathers voices from across Europe on a broad range oftopics, with the aim of fostering trans-European debate and creating aEuropean public sphere. Agonia Agonia is an international interactive website for writing andliterature, formed by numerous cultural communities and languages. Itis a platform where writers around the world publish their works,engage in providing constructive feedback critique oriented towardshoning skills in the writing process. The language versions of Agonia(Romanian, French, English, Spanish, Italian, Russian, Portuguese,German, Japanese, Armenian) have an interconnecting facility thatenables links to the translation of any text in another languageversion. Agonia contains poetry, prose, articles, essays, reviews, screenplayand community articles of general interest on socio-cultural topics.Most of these texts come along with polemics (the comments of themembers). The website also contains a virtual library, with thousandsof texts written by classic authors. Agonias editorial board members permanently verify, proofread textsand promote texts in the recommended reading list and upgrade themembersaccess level. The membership access is free of charge and consists of creating a member account on the portal. ExquisiteCorpse A Journal of Letters and Life F Fade Poetry They publish online, but also present a free, printable copy that reads like a small booklet. Failbetter.com An online literary journal devoted to publishing original works offiction,poetry and art. Featured works by established writers such asLisaShea, Martha Cooley, Peter Christopher, Sam Lipsyte and others. Figdust A literary journal based in Atlanta, Georgia, presenting acollectionof writing with language and content that are both accessible andenjoyable. Five Points Five Points, published by Georgia State University, appears in U.S. anthologies and has won several awards. Flak Magazine A noncomprehensive guide to everything. Themagazine exists to take theraw creativity of strong writers and temper it with good sense, goodtasteand the spirit of responsible journalism. Flaneur For the cultivated stroller of city sreets. The indie art and culturemagazine and website. The Flaneur is written by artists, writers, poetsand reviewers from around the world. Flashpoint Critcism,politics, art and poetry. Fool's Paradise, byMagdalenPowers. ForgeJournal A literary and arts journalconsidering a wide range of subjects and genres. 491 Magazine 491 is a twice-yearly print magazine whose aim is to featureup-and-coming poets and artists. Formed in May 2009, 491 is anindependent publication. French literary journals, media, ezines LinguaFranca Livresse LatribuneLittraire Bibliothaecaidealis Do Not Look at the Sun DoNot Look at the Sun is an offbeat literary magazine based in Paris. Itis published twice a year in print (spring  autumn), as well asweekly online. ExigenceLittraire Bouquins.net Chroniquesde la Luxiotte CritiquesLibres Lematricule desAnges Lire Magazinelittraire Nuitblanche MagazineLittraire RAL,M Revue d'art et de littrature, musique. 3 AM Magazine Criticism reviews, fiction, non-fiction, poetry. 'Whatever it is, we're against it.' Fringe Magazine Moveover Wonder Bread! Fringe Magazine seeks submissions in all genres. Theywant writing that confronts and questions, work that drives readers toaction, and literature that pushes the boundaries of form. Fringe: Thenoun that verbs your world. For artists who want to experiment with oldforms and engender the new. Currently, Fringe offers a survey of genresevery other month, publishing a single work in each genre. A B C D E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M N - O P - Q R - S T V W X - Y - Z G Gangway An Austrian-Australian magazine for contemporary literature. Gay literary magazines and journals Mary: A Literary Quarterly A literary journal dedicated to publishing gay writing. Chroma Journal (UK) Gay and lesbian literary magazines from around the world . Lodestar Guarterly Assaracus: A Journal of Gay Poetry German literary and culture journals Das Gefrorene Meer  A Germanliterary journal that publishes literature not only in German but also in French,Russian, Dutch, Latvian. All texts appear in the original language andGerman. Edit. German journal for new literature Lyrikline Text+Kritik Quadrature Sprache im technischenZeitalter GeorgiaReview Each issue of The Georgia Reviewfeatures 200 pages of fiction, poetry, essays, and reviews. Ginosko Literary Journal Ginsko is accepting short fiction  poetry, creative nonfiction,interviews, social justice concerns and spiritual insights. It is alsolooking for books, art and music to post on the website, and links toexchange. Glint The literary journal ofFayetteville State University, in print and online. Short fiction,poetry, creative non-fiction, essays, art, photography, musical piecesand spoken word submissions. Grain 'The journal of eclective writing.' Published in Canada, but with an international list of authors, Grain has  published the best new writing from Canada and abroad, approximately  2000 pieces of writing and over 220 art images. Grain is proud to be alive and flourishing after  nearly 30 years. GrandStreet A magazine dedicated to art, fiction, non-fiction andpoetry. Granta British new writing. TheGreat American Poetry Show The Great American Poetry Show isa serial poetry anthology open year-round to submissions of poems inanysubject, in any style, and in any number with a SASE (self-addressedstampedenvelope). Guardian Articles,arts and culture reviews (U.K.). BooksUnlimited Current reviews, essays, authors, criticiism. books,philsophy,entertainment and gossip from the Guardian Newspaper Online, U.K. ViewRSS feed ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, H Harper's Magazine Hrper's Magazine, the oldest general interest monthly in America,provides readers with a unique perspective on politics, society, theenvironment, and culture. The essays, fiction, and reporting in themagazine's pages come from promising new voices as well as some of themost distinguished names in American letters. HarvardReview is an award-winning semiannual literaryjournal. They publish an eclecticand international range of poetry, fiction, essays, art, and bookreviews. I Image [] Narrative is a peer-reviewed e-journal on visual narratology and word and image studies in the broadest sense of the term. IndependentNews, U.K. India Katha Kshetre is a literary quarterly edited and published in Bangalore with thesupport of a small group of writers called Family of Katha Kshetre. Katha Kshetre means Temple of Story. KK is read by writers, authors, academicians, students of literature and culture. They publish short stories from throughout the world over, as well asessays related to literature and culture, poems, haiku, tips oncreative writing and book reviews. Instigatorzine Instigatorzine is aliterary/art zine designed to publish any works of quality includingfiction, nonfiction, poetry, plays, etc. Ink Ashes A Journal of the Senses. Ink  Ashes featurespoetry, creative non-fiction, essays and visual art that elicits thesenses. Ink-Filled Page Ink-Filled Page literary andarts journal features fiction, nonfiction and artwork in four quarterlyelectronic issues and one print anthology each year. Contributingwriters and artists hail from across the United States as well as fromseveral other countries. IowaReview Itch Itch is a South African born,internationally relevant online/offline periodical featuringestablished and up and coming literary talent, as well as a variety ofvisual and multimedia work. Submissions are looselycategorised as MetaText (non-fiction, essays, polemic, book reviews andmore), SubText (narrative, short stories, plays and more), PreText(poetry, experimental writing, sound art and more) and NonText(graphics, drawings, photography, film, animation and more). J Jacket Magazine A popular Australian literary journal founded by John Tranter toshowcase lively contemporary poetry and prose. JanusHead An interdisciplinary journal of continental philosophy,art, literature and phemonenological pyschology. JackBooks Acommunication place for written art or writing about art, aimed atprovidinga vehicle for published work where the book or the means ofpresentation,behaving as an active or complementary idea, is part of the meaning ofa written artwork. Journal of Narrative Technique A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - V - W - X - Y - Z K Knockout Literary Magazine Kudos A literary journal in the U.K. Kenyon Review Oneof the most respected literary journals in the U.S. Laphams Quarterly A magazine of history and ideas. Ledge Poetry and Fiction Magazine The Ledge Magazine is an annual publication of contemporary poetry and fiction. Each issue features a diverse group of contributors of all backgrounds and persuasions. LeMond Libration Lifelines: Dartmouth Literary Journal Lifeline is a literary and art journal from The Dartmouth Medical School committedto exploring the intersection of creativity and the experience ofmedicine. Literal Magazine Latin American voices. The international multi award wining bilingual magazine with a unique international perspective. It publishes from the most established artist to newest voices. LiteralLatt A journal of prose, poetry and art. An internetaward-winner, based in New York. The Literateur An online literary magazine (U.K.) featuring interviews with luminariesof the literary world, articles, reviews and new creative works. LiterarySalt LitnImage New art and literature, fiction, shortstories. Litro Since 2006, they have been publishing monthly themed issues of fiction,nonfiction and poetry, and though based in London, they aim tocelebrate new, emerging and established writers from all over the world. Little Star An anual journal of poetry and prose, founded in 2009 by Ann Kjellberg and Melissa Green. Livresse Magazine LondonReview of Books Lorraineand James Global Urban Literature A literary journal whose missionis to till the urban landscape in search of new writers and giveattentionto the noncommercial work of established writers from the United Statesand around the globe. It is their intent that through this process theywill act as a conduit though which a writer from anywhere can connectwithreaders everywhere. Lowestoft Chronicle An online literary magazine published quarterly, accepting fiction,poetry, creative non-fiction and artwork. Preference is given tohumorous submissions with an emphasis on travel. An anthology of thebest work is published annually. LumiVirtuale, magazine of fantastic literature and science fiction.On the net since February 2000, on paper since April 2004. M Magazines.Newpages.com, Literary Magazines. The NewPages Guide to the best literarymagazines in print and online. Magma Poetry Quarterlyonlinejournal edited by a group of poets from London, England. Every issue ofMagma has a different editor, either members of theirboard or a prominent poet acting as a guest editor. Their aim is topromote the very best in contemporary poetry, either from previouslyunpublished or emerging poets or the more established. They havepublished Seamus Heaney, Don Paterson, Sean OBrien, AliceOswald, Al Alvarez, Wendy Cope, George Szirtes, Gillian Clarke, JohnBurnside and Mark Doty among many others. McSweeney's.Timothy McSweeny Internetstories, internet literary experiments. Di Mezzo il Mare - The Great Handwritten Journal Snapshot Collective Social Experiment Di Mezzo Il Mare is a new online journal of literature and art based inItaly and the U.S. Their primary intent is to show the life of theunique handwritten page. Journal snapshot images may be of materialconsidered to be a draft, sketch, or fragment, which, for the journal'spurposes, are also considered finished products. Meridian Meridian is a semiannual literary journal produced at the University ofVirginia in conjunction with the universitys M.F.A. Program inCreative Writing. Founded in 1998, Meridian has featured the works ofnumerous Pulitzer Prize Winners, National Book Award Winners, andestablished writers. Metazen This magazine from Canada publishes poems, stories, interviews, cartoons and novel excerpts. Michigan QuarterlyReview Fiction, essays, poetry, book reviews, and interviewswith distinguishedpeople. Mississippi Review Mississippi Review is known as one of the oldest and most respected literary journals in the U.S.. Missouri Review Discovererof previously unknown writers. MobyLives A weekly column about books and writers that appears in newspapers,alternative news weeklies, and on-line journals. It is posted onMobyLives.comon Mondays, the day after it appears in most newspapers. TheMobyLives.comnews log is updated daily, Monday through Friday. Modern Poetry in Translation The international magazine for the translation of poetry into English. The Montreal Review The Montreal Review is an independent, nonpartisan online magazine ofideas. We publish short stories, poetry, non-fiction, book reviews andinterviews on politics, society, the environment, and culture. MoonsetLiterary Newspaper Haiku, Senryu, Haibun, Renku,Tanka, Haiga, and photographic art. Published bi-annually by the Natallight press. 48 Tabloid size pages. Featuring over 250 poets/artists ineach issue, and offering over 450 works. More Than Medium More than Medium is a University of Mary Washington student-runliterary journal that is interested in standout work that experimentswith form, but they are still open to traditional forms. They arelooking for more than medium work, more than medium life, more than themedium - something that takes the reader outside of the ordinary. We accept all forms of artistic expression, including: short stories, poetry, essays, photography, visual art, and music. Mudlark An Electronic Journal of Poetry  Poetics A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T V W X Y Z   Adverts Everyone loves leather jacket brands . And fashion-loving people always prefer the Smallville jacket and our leather motorbike jackets for their unique designs. In addition to the above, our cheap motorbike gear is very popular with younger people. A superb quality resource for leather motorcycle trousers is also here.  HOME Visual Performing Arts Film Music Literature Philosophy ArtPosters SiteIndex Applied Arts Architecture ArtHistory Arts Libraries Artists ArtMuseums Auctions Authors Ballet,Dance Children's Art Composers ContemporaryArt Contemporary Artists Country,Region Design Fashion Film FilmDirectors Galleries GraphicArts Internet Art Literature Magazines Manuscripts Media Museums Music News Painting Periodsin art Philosophy Photography Printing Sculpture Theatre Women'sArt  . @ Send links, suggestions,questions orcomments here. 