 View Mobile Site 818-609-8000 Excellence in Automotive Services Since 1981 Home About Us New Customer FAQs Why Choose Reseda Automotive Our Qualifications Meet Our Staff Best Warranty in Town! Shop Photos Customer Reviews Services Auto Repair Services Auto Maintenance Services Smog Check and Brake and Light Certification Cooling System Service Air Condition  Ventilation Brake Services All Diagnostics  Repair Transmission Service  Repair Vehicles We Service Domestic Cars Asian Cars European Cars Classic Cars Motorhomes, RVs Hybrids and Electric Vehicles Appointments Specials Careers Contact Us You are here > Home 700 300 100 50 true true true true Your auto repair shop that truly gets it!  Repairs done right -- THE FIRST TIME!  We utilize the latest state of the art equipment  We use only highly qualified and experienced automotive technicians  Dedicated to making your car reliable, dependable and safe.  Same day service is a top priority!  Comfortable waiting room for our while-u-wait services  We're your more friendly, more helpful auto repair shop in San Fernando Valley  Why Choose Us? We know you have many choices for auto repair and maintenance today. Learn why we make an excellent choice. Why Choose Us? Make an Appointment We've created an easy to use form that allows you to request an appointment for auto repair or maintenance 24 hours a day. Appointments Our Automotive Services We are a full service automotive service center providing most types of repairs and maintenance for many vehicles. Our Services Welcome to Reseda Automotive Centre serving Reseda, Encino and Woodland Hills, your Premier Auto Repair and Service Shop Joe Picker, Owner Here at Reseda Automotive Centre in Reseda, Encino and Woodland Hills , we specialize in quality Auto Repair . As the premier auto repair shop in the area, our highly-trained automotive mechanics take pride in their Brake Repair efforts. Each and every one of our reliable specialists undergoes extensive automotive repair training, including advanced Engine Repair certification. The owners and maintenance experts at Reseda Automotive Centre have been honored to serve Reseda, Encino and Woodland Hills for the past 32 years. While Auto Electrical Service may be one of our specialties, our time-honored reputation for Radiator Repair is also of importance. The automotive experts at Reseda Automotive Centre have earned renown in Reseda, Encino and Woodland Hills and beyond. For your Radiator Repair needs, the folks at Reseda Automotive Centre will be glad to provide trustworthy and reputable service. From Brake Repair to Engine Repair, we are proud to provide reliable vehicle care to those living in Reseda, Encino and Woodland Hills, or just driving through! We service and repair the following makes: Acura Repair Audi Repair BMW Repair Cadillac Repair Chrysler Repair Dodge Repair Ford Repair GMC Repair Honda Repair Hyundai Repair Infiniti Repair Isuzu Repair Jeep Repair Kia Repair Lexus Repair Mazda Repair Mercedes-Benz Repair Mini Cooper Repair Mitsubishi Repair Nissan Repair Opel Repair Plymouth Repair Pontiac Repair Porsche Repair Saturn Repair Scion Repair Smart Repair Subaru Repair Suzuki Repair Toyota Repair Volkswagen Repair Yamaha Repair We also specialize in Woodland Hills & Encino Auto Repair Special Services ABS, AC Compressors, Air Conditioning, Alternators, Automatic Transmission Service, Axels, Batteries, Belts, Blower Motors, Brake Inspection and Certification, Car Restorations, Carburetors, Catalytic Converters, Charging Systems, Check Engine Lights, Clutches, Computer Diagnostics, Cooling Systems, CV Boots and Joints, Diagnostic Services, Diesel Repairs, Differential Services, Drivability, Electrical Problems, Emission Diagnostic and Repair, Engine Diagnostics, Engine Overhauls, Engine Replacement, Factory Scheduled Maintenance, Fleet Services, Flushes, Fuel Injectors, Fuel Pumps, Fuel System Service, Head Gaskets, Headlight Aiming, Headlight Restoration, Heater Cores, Heating Systems, High Performance Hoses, Hybrid Maintenance and Repair, Light Inspection and Certifications, Multi Point Vehicle Inspection, Oil Changes, Oil Leak Repairs, Overheating, Power Steering Systems, Radiators, RV Service and Repairs, Shocks, Smog Test and Repairs, Starters, Struts, Suspensions, Thermostats, Timing Belts, Tires, Transmission, Service and Repair, Tune-ups, Ventilation Systems, Water Pumps, Windshield Wipers, and Washers Fast Facts Reseda Automotive Since 1981 6726 Reseda Blvd. Reseda,CA 91335 Phone 818-609-8000 Full Contact Info Here Our Hours: Monday-Friday 8AM to 6PM Testimonials Hover over to pause Click for all reviews Alexia M. on 2/24/2013 : " The service is excellent! The staff is personable. They take great care of my car and they will do the same for yours! :) " Marv B. on 12/20/2012 : " You did--as always---great. Thanks!! Marv Berke " Steve K. on 12/20/2012 : " I have never had a better experience with an auto repair business. My wife and I recently purchased a 20 year old van, with many issues. We were told throughout the process what was being done and why and how much. It is such a pleasure to find an honest and highly competent team to work with on car repairs. This is a family business with the owner, Joe Picker and his charming wife, Orit on hand and involved in every step of the repair process. We highly recommend Reseda Automotive to anyone looking for top notch service repairs on their vehicles.These people really care about their customers, as evidenced by phone calls by Joe , days after the repairs, just to check in and make sure all ok. -Steve  Kathy " Dan B. on 12/20/2012 : " I only needed a smog check this time, but I was really happy to find a clean shop with professional people that give fair pricing. I got in and out in a short time - Im glad I found you! " S N. from Reseda on 12/20/2012 : " Joe and his team are friendly, hard-working and honest. Their prices are reasonable, the office/waiting area is clean, and the work is always completed on time. I never hesitate to recommend them to family and friends. " Sean S. on 12/20/2012 : " I always get BG Services for my car. This is the place have all of BG srevices. I did Cooling system service with replacing thermostat.Comparing to other places where I previously got service from, they are better. I liked them so far and Id like to continue to get service from them. Only I dont like about is I cant bring my own purchased parts for installation. " Michael G. on 12/20/2012 : " Quick, reliable, and caring. They are considerate of tight budgets, and will let you know what needs to be fixed right away, and what can wait. This is the only auto-shop I will go to anymore. " Michelle M. on 12/20/2012 : " The only honest repair shop I have ever been too. Amazing customer service, I will be going here as long as I live in California. " Frank W. on 11/12/2012 : " Not only would I recommend them to friends I already have several times " C T. from Tarzana on 11/2/2012 : " I prefer not to have my name listed. Thank you and thanks for your great, reliable, honest work. " Monica S. on 11/2/2012 : " I love this place. They have done my brakes and fixed my husbands car as well. They are great. The shop is clean and the service is awesome. I will be going back!:) " Resti C. on 11/2/2012 : " You are very costumer friendly environment and very accomodating. Will definitely recommend a friend and definitely will return. " Frank W. on 11/2/2012 : " they are always fair, honest and extremely competent. " Sarah S. on 11/2/2012 : " Great work with integrety and friendship quality ... " Alexia M. on 11/2/2012 : " Everyone at Reseda Automotive is professional, yet personal when it comes to customer service, and they know cars!! I plan on taking my car there again for all my maintenance and repairs :) " Gloria J. on 11/2/2012 : " Yes, I would recommend this business to a friend. " Bo H. from Reseda , whose fit was in for an auto repair service, on 10/29/2012 : " I have never been to a place who was this friendly and honest my entire life. I had the best experience and would recommend this place to anyone and everybody. It was the first place I have ever been to that has given me an honest opinion and said my car was fine. Gave me an exact quote right then and there. No bsing. Its very rare to find honest wholesome people who value customer satisfaction. Its enough for me to write a review...and I never write reviews for anyone. People HAVE to know about this place! " Sara S. from Woodland Hills , whose Mercedes was in for an auto repair service, on 8/14/2012 : " Thank you and Gmar Hatima Tova Bottom Line: Yes, I would recommend this business to a friend. " Del T. from Winnetka , whose Toyota was in for an auto repair service, on 8/14/2012 : " Joe always has time to explane everything so that the customer can understand it. keep up the good work " Vladimir C. from Tarzana , whose Mercedes was in for an auto repair service, on 8/14/2012 : " Work was done on time with no surprises. Cost was very fair. I recommend your service highly. " Joseph G. from Tarzana , whose Toyota was in for an auto repair service, on 8/14/2012 : " Excellent and quick. Thank you. Bottom Line: Yes, I would recommend this business to a friend. " Dw T. , whose Ford was in for an auto repair service, on 8/14/2012 : " You were very helpful. Nice place. Bottom Line: Yes, I would recommend this business to a friend. " Sam Lopez C. from North Hills , whose Nissan was in for an auto repair service, on 8/8/2012 : " I dont recommend this shop to anyone that wants to get friendly professional customer service.This people were so lazy and horrible that I practically left the shop.Owner or management who ever she was along with employee (mechanic) was very, very rude.I was so disappointed with this unprofessional place I will personally make sure no one I know ever goes there.I recommended not to go there if youre looking for quality  friendly professional people who actually care about your needs. " Alexia M. from Reseda on 7/27/2012 : " I brought my newly purchased used car in for an inspection. The car was in great shape and the manager explained how the mechanics of the car were functioning as well as the maintenance to keep it running smoothly.As always their work isaboutquality " Esther R. from Encino on 7/27/2012 : " Not only would I recommend you to a friend but I have been praising you guys to people I dont even know. You work and hospitality is excellent it it is refreshing to find honest people in the automotive business especially when you are a single women. Thank you for all your help Esther Ross " Julie/kathy J. from Reseda on 7/27/2012 : " Having our cars serviced here is like having a member of the family service them. We know theyll do what needs to be done without ripping us off. We appreciate you, Reseda Automotive! " A.l. from Northridge on 7/27/2012 : " Great service and excellent price.very logical people. " Jerry Z. from Encino on 7/27/2012 : " HEY BROTHER JOE, HAVE SENT YOU COUPLE OF EMAILS, NEVER HEARD FROM YOU!!!!! CHECK YOUR MESSAGES!!!!! BESIDES NOT ANSWERING EMAILS, I STILL WOULD RECOMMEND YOU AND YOUR SHOP!!!! CHECK YOUR EMAIL!!! " Kylae J. from Los Angeles on 7/27/2012 : " Excellent experience, very knowledgeable and HONEST. They really care about the customer and their level of professionalism is top notch. " Mike B. from Tarzana on 7/27/2012 : " Joe and company are amazing! Never have I ever doubted his suggestions, prices or the end result with my car. Thanks Joe! " Maggie B. from Northridge on 7/27/2012 : " Did smog check. Fast and nice service. Nice business owner to talk to. Went through the smog check paper with me to give me a better understanding of the condition of my car. Strongly recommended. " Michael S. from Canoga Park on 7/27/2012 : " Great friendly service, fast and cost just what they quoted. Def going back here for any and all of my car needs. " C.j. R. from Reseda on 7/27/2012 : " Thanks for everything, Joe! I recommend you to my friends! " Joan H. from Encino on 7/27/2012 : " Youre caring,honest and check every part of the car. You let your customers know the facts, but you arent pushy. Keep up the good work. " Carol S. from Reseda on 7/27/2012 : " We are automotively secure in your hands. Be seeing you soon ...... again!! Thanks for being there! " Nathan B. from Reseda on 7/27/2012 : " I would recommend this business to a friend. Thanks, Nathan " Email Us Name * Phone Email * Subject * Comments, Questions * Please answer this math problem before submitting. Spam Blocker Math Question Why Choose Us? We are family owned & operated since 1981 More personal, more friendly and more helpful shop. More convenient, with shuttle service, while you wait services, on-site car rental and more. Best Warranty in Town! 8 Service bays for faster service Complimentary car washes on major services Full Service Auto Care Best warranty in Town! Learn more reasons to choose Reseda Automotive Follow Us on Facebook  Reseda Automotive Centre , 6726 Reseda Boulevard , Reseda , CA 91335 Phone: 818-609-8000 ,  URL: Reseda Automotive Centre Reseda Automotive Centres Customer Satisfaction Score of 99.99 % is based on 1 votes and 1 reviews over 6 months Certified AutoVitals Reviews Reseda Automotive in Reseda, CA provides high quality automotive services including auto repairs, maintenance, smog checks and more. We employ highly qualified ASE Master and ASE Certified Service Technicians and use only the finest OEM or equivalent parts for our services. We emphasize affordability through helpful advice that aids in prevention of repairs. We are a more affordable, more personal and more dedicated shop compared to most dealerships. We proudly serve our customers from all over the San Fernando Valley including the communities of Reseda Tarzana Encino Northridge Woodland Hills and surrounding areas. We welcome you as a new customer to try us out. You will be glad you found our shop!  Call for details! nationwide warranty 24 month/24.000 miles Powered by: AutoVitals 