 Car Buying Car Repair Car Parts Carculature Top Fives Auto Loans WheelScene  »  Car Repair Car Repair Keeping you on the road Cars don't last forever, but when they break down, repairs can be frustrating, time-consuming and hard on the wallet - especially if you have to deal with a mechanic who's sleazy or dishonest. Modern cars are more technical than ever, with computers regulating more and more of the car's functions. This makes it trickier for you to make repairs to yourself. But it's still worthwhile to repair the basics yourself. Most of the price you pay at a garage is going to be for labor, so if you can do it yourself you'll save big money. Advertiser Links for car repair [ what's this? ] Firestone Monthly Offer For Select Services only, Buy 1 get 1 50% Off at Firestone, ends 8/31 FirestoneCompleteAutoCare.com Local Car Repair Find Local Certified Technicians. Reliable  Professional Service! www.MyCertifiedService.com Get the CarCareOne Card GE Capital Retail Bank CC1 Card. 6 Mo Special Financing. Apply Now gogecapital.com/cc1 Plus if you take pride in your ride, you'll enjoy the peace of mind that you get from working on your car personally. When you do the work, you know that there won't be any grease on the steering wheel or inferior products installed on your car. Whether you rotate your own tires or change your own oil and sparkplugs, you can feel good knowing work is done exactly the way you want. The articles in this section can take you from a novice to a seasoned pro when it comes to understanding what's going on under your car's hood . Learn how to prevent (or at least put off) car repairs by caring for your engine, guarding against rust and changing your brake pads . And, for those times when big repairs do come up, we've got tips on how to choose the right auto body repair shop and how to make sure you get the most out of your windshield repair . It's unavoidable: your car will need repairs at some point. If you take the time now to learn the basics of car repair, you can drive with the knowledge that when something does go wrong, you'll be in a position to get it fixed quickly and correctly, putting you back on the road in no time. Your car belongs on the road and with a little help you can learn how to keep it there. Car Maintenance for Women Changing Brake Pads Paintless Dent Repair Microheat HotShots Napa Auto Parts Car Buying Guide Car Reviews Alternators Auto Body Repair Auto Detailing Auto Repair Auto Repair Tips Auto Storage Brake Pads Car Maintenance for Women Car Windshields Classic Car Repair eBay Car Parts Engine Maintenance Floor Jacks Motorcycle Engines Motorcycle Repair Napa Auto Parts New Car Repair Paintless Dent Repair Rust Windshield Repair Aftermarket Parts Auto Accessories Performance Parts 4X4 Offroad AAA Alternative Fuel Sources Auto Careers Auto Drivers Auto Insurance Boat Trailer Car Accidents Car Collector Car Donations Car Driving Car Hire Car Organizer Car Seat Car Shows Car TV Shows Cars and the Environment Cheap Car Insurance Classic Car Insurance Convertible Safety Custom Motorcycle Defensive Driving Driver Education Driving Driving Directions Driving Enthusiasts Driving Road Trips Driving Safari Vacation Driving Vacations Drunk Driving Family Vacation Formula 1 Racing Gas Prices Motorcycle Apparel Motorcycle Gloves Motorcycle Insurance Motorcycle Racing Motorcycles Motorsports Moving Vans NASCAR Online Car Insurance Quit Smoking Racing School Recreational Vehicles Reducing Emissions Road Trip Planning Road Trip Vehicles Road Trips Save Money on Gas Scooter Motorcycle Selling Cars Online Shop for Car Insurance Traffic Ticket Young Drivers' Insurance 2007 SUVs Auto Blogs Auto Manufacturer Websites Auto Transport Hybrid Vehicles Mileage Safe Cars Used Cars Vehicle Recalls Copyright  2013 | About Us | Contact Us | Link to Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Resources | Sitemap 