 POPULAR SEARCHES ON DS Miley Cyrus Ben Affleck Lamar Odom MTV VMAs Select your local Digital Spy: USA Canada UK Ireland Australia New Zealand Remember my choice Like 65k Follow @digitalspyus 2.2K followers Follow 112 StumbleUpon All entertainment and media news Home Breaking News TV Recaps Video Photos Play Games TV Reality TV Gaming Tech Movies Comics Music Celebrity Bollywood Weird Home Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Vince Gilligan talks 'Breaking Bad' end The creator on "tough" finale and Walt taking on the traits of his victims. Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: Was it that bad? 31 JC Chasez: 'No plans for *NSYNC tour' 7 Kate Gosselin suing Jon over 'hacking' Swift, Styles together in MTV VMAs photo 6 Matt Damon 'Bourne' return denied 7 Robin Thicke mom reacts to Miley duet 19 CBS to revamp 'Love, American Style' Ben Affleck 'built Batcave in his house' 22 Kardashian 'holds meeting with Odom' Robin Thicke debuts new music video Cyrus friends: 'Kelly Clarkson fat, bitter' 25 Joshua Jackson joins 'The Affair' Gildart Jackson talks 'Supernatural' Christina Aguilera in 'The Voice' image 2 1D fragrance advert, Diana Vickers sings 24 More entertainment headlines 'GTA 5' official trailer for Thursday 1 Eminem unveils single 'Berzerk' - listen Dr Luke not judging 'American Idol' Giuliana Rancic on onesies, Bill, Duke 1 TV Interviews Vince Gilligan talks 'Breaking Bad' end The creator on tough finale and Walt taking on the traits of his victims. Giuliana Rancic on onesies, Bill, Duke 'Whodunnit' Gildart Jackson interview 'Under The Dome' Mike Vogel interview Movies Interviews This Is Us 'best 1D film for right now' Morgan Spurlock talks to Digital Spy. Aniston talks We're the Millers, Friends Seyfried: 'Hollywood is tough on women' 'The Mortal Instruments' cast interview Video 'Killer Instinct' gameplay trailer teases brand new character 'Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn' PS3, PC launch trailer - watch One Direction - 'This Is Us: The Musical' spoof video Robin Thicke debuts 'Give It 2 U' music video - watch TV 'Supernatural' season 9: 'Whodunnit's Gildart Jackson for major role? Jackson tells DS that he may recur on the paranormal drama series. Monday ratings: 'Under the Dome' and 'Mistresses' rise Ratings roundup: MTV VMAs, 'Breaking Bad', Big Brother, more Bill Murray to celebrate 'Late Show with David Letterman' anniversary 'Glee' Jane Lynch on Emmy nomination: 'It's the highest praise' Reality TV Dr Luke not judging American Idol because of Sony, Universal conflict Dr Luke will not star on the Fox singing show because of his contract with Sony. Geordie Shore's Gaz, TOWIE's Jasmine 'get close in Ibiza' Mario Falcone wants a girlfriend after Lucy Mecklenburgh break-up Courtney Stodden: "People said I was a gold-digging whore" 5 Hugo Taylor would return to 'Made In Chelsea': I don't mind the cameras Gaming 'Grand Theft Auto 5': New 'official trailer' to be unveiled on Thursday Rockstar Games announces news of 'official trailer' to be released later this week. 1 Ubisoft announces 'Just Dance Kids 2014' for Wii, Wii U and Xbox 360 'Call of Duty: Black Ops 2' Apocalypse DLC gameplay trailer - watch 'Assassin's Creed 4: Black Flag' Naval gameplay trailer - watch Xbox One Day One Edition sells out at GAME 9 Tech Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom review: The ultimate smartphone camera? Can Samsung's smartphone-camera combo deliver? Find out in Digital Spy 's review. 3 Apple TV update brings new apps for VEVO, Disney, Weather Channel Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch confirmed for September 4 unveiling Google Chromecast app for iOS launched, iPhone and iPad control added Elon Musk attempting to build real-life Iron Man tech Movies Matt Damon, Paul Greengrass 'Bourne' return rumor denied Both Matt Damon and director Paul Greengrass are not returning to the series. 7 'Star Wars' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies, aged 99 2 Eric Bana proud of Ang Lee's 'Hulk' 2 Ronald Reagan son hits out at 'The Butler': 'It's a bunch of lies' 1 Tina Fey, Amy Poehler approached for Golden Globes return? 4 Comics Orlando Bloom rumored for Batman role The Pirates of the Caribbean actor is linked to the Superman Vs. Batman role. 43 'Superman' undergoes creative team shake-up? 'Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark' Broadway sales plummet 'Black Canary/Zatanna' arrives in 2014 Jeff Lemire, Michael DeForge win 2013 Joe Shuster Awards Music Eminem unveils Dr Dre-produced new single 'Berzerk' - listen The track samples 'Fight For Your Right' by the Beastie Boys. Miley Cyrus shoots racy video for Mike WiLL Made It's '23' - pictures *NSYNC Chris Kirkpatrick praises One Direction: 'It's great music' Ed Sheeran on 'sex symbol' comments: 'Most women want to mother me' 1 Ellie Goulding, Burns premiere 'Midas Touch' music video - watch Celebrity Khloe Kardashian 'holds meeting with Lamar Odom' Khloe Kardashian is rumored to have met with Lamar Odom amid drug rumors. Alec Baldwin 'clashes with photographer over Hilaria pictures' Miley Cyrus and her trademark tongue pose through the years 3 Scott Disick sparks Kourtney Kardashian pregnancy rumors on Instagram JK Rowling: 'I miss Dumbledore the most from Harry Potter novels' 2 Weird Apple's Siri doesn't like Google Glass "OK glass" proves controversial. 3 Woman gets stolen bike back from thief after spotting it for sale 2 One Direction - 'This Is Us: The Musical' spoof video 3 Average single man in UK 'changes bed sheets just four times a year' 4 Miss Philippines USA pageant contestant gives awkward answer - video 1 At the Movies Comics that should be movies Starman, Batwoman, more Movies Review Mortal Instruments: City of Bones Is it the new Twilight ? Most Popular Articles Comments 01 iPhone trade-ins to launch in September? 5 02 Swift, Styles together in MTV VMAs photo 6 03 Kate Gosselin suing Jon over 'hacking' 04 Jamie Oliver bemoans poor with big TVs 131 05 Cyrus friends: 'Kelly Clarkson fat, bitter' 25 06 Robin Thicke mom reacts to Miley duet 19 07 Ben Affleck 'built Batcave in his house' 22 08 Gordon-Levitt praises Affleck as Batman 8 09 Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: Was it that bad? 31 10 Channing Tatum teases '22 Jump Street' 1 01 Jamie Oliver bemoans poor with big TVs 131 02 Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: Was it that bad? 31 03 Cyrus friends: 'Kelly Clarkson fat, bitter' 25 04 Ben Affleck 'built Batcave in his house' 22 05 Robin Thicke mom reacts to Miley duet 19 06 Xbox One release for early November? 13 07 Xbox One Day One Edition sold out at GAME 9 08 Gordon-Levitt praises Affleck as Batman 8 09 1D shocked at Miley Cyrus VMA controversy 8 10 Matt Damon 'Bourne' return denied 7 Photo Galleries Miley Cyrus shoots racy video - pictures The singer poses in a Michael Jordan jersey cut into a bikini outfit. 'GTA 5' official trailer for Thursday *NSYNC star praises One Direction Alec Baldwin 'clashes with photographer' TV Blog 'Blake's 7' and more: Cult TV revamps As the Blake's 7 remake stumbles, take a look at sci-fi revamps of the past. '80s stars: Could TV save their careers? Tube Talk's US Acquisitions Scorecard 'Star Trek': Should it return to TV? Movies Blog 9 porn stars in Hollywood movies - NSFW From Sasha Grey to James Deen, 9 adult industry stars who went legit. What's Sean Connery's best film moment? Re-Viewed: 'Jurassic Park' We're The Millers: Aniston Friends prank Gaming Reviews 'The Bureau: XCOM Declassified' reviewed The Bureau tries and fails to emulate the depth of the XCOM strategy games. Mobile reviews: Asphalt 8: Airborne, more 'Payday 2' reviewed: Co-op a must Plants vs. Zombies 2 reviewed Digital Spy About Digital Spy Advertise Jobs Mobile Network ELLE ELLE Decor ELLEgirl Glo Woman's Day Car and Driver Cycle World Help Contact Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Search Digital Spy Copyright  1999-2013 Hearst Magazines UK, the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd. "Digital Spy" is the Registered Trade Mark of Digital Spy Limited.   