 Japan News Auto Technology Culture Travel Cuisine . All you need to know about Japan ! Acura Honda Infiniti Kawasaki Lexus Nissan Mazda Mitsubishi Subaru Suzuki Toyota Yamaha  Home Auto Moto High-Tech Electronics Robots Aeronautics News World Culture Architecture Gardens Cuisine Festivals Geisha Samurai Sumo Wedding Life Style Music Sport Travel Art Fashion Movies Features Martial Arts Contact Electronics Robots Aeronautics Architecture Gardens Cuisine Festivals Samurai Sumo Art Movies Music Sport Travel  Home / Auto Moto / Honda Pilot Receives Family Car of the Year Award A+ A A-  Honda Pilot Receives Family Car of the Year Award   Honda announced that the 2012 Honda Pilot has received the Cars dot com Family Car of the Year award. The Pilot SUV received a wide range of upgrades for 2012, including a sleeker front-end design, enhanced interior features and improved fuel economy.  The 2012 Pilot had already earned the top spot in the"USA Today, MotorWeek and Cars dot com $37k and Under SUV Shootout,"with the editor-in-chief touting the Pilot as"the perfect SUV for buyers who want to comfortably haul the entire family and all of their gear." "We're delighted to see the eight-passenger Pilot's versatility and family-friendly attributes recognized with this prestigious award,"said Vicki Poponi, assistant vice president of product planning, American Honda Motor Co. "The newly refined and more fuel-efficient Pilot provides real value and surprising sophistication for anyone shopping in the segment." This year marks the fifth anniversary of the Cars dot com Family Car of the Year award, which was presented last year to the Honda Odyssey. Launched in June 1998, Cars dot com is an online destination for car shoppers that offers information from consumers and experts to help buyers formulate opinions on what to buy, where to buy and how much to pay for a car. Photo Gallery  Published on Thursday, 19 January 2012  Tagged under family pilot car auto honda moto Tweet  Share this article on:   Related News Nissan Expands Its Green Manufacturing Footprint Honda Canadas One Honda. One Tree. Campaign to Plant 18,000 Tr... Honda Racing News - 28 August 2013 Honda : Barcia Claims Third Overall at the Season Finale in Lake Elsinore, CA Sony Expands E-Mount Lens Family With Announcement Of Three New Models Panasonic Supports Tokai University Solar Car Team with High-efficiency HIT®(*1... Infiniti releases first image of premium compact Q30 Concept 2014 Toyota Corolla priced from $16,800 Update : Nissan to Boost Americas Production Capacity to More Than 2 Million Uni... Mazda Hofu Plant Builds Ten Millionth Car Mazda increases SKYACTIV engine output by 25 percent Next Subaru WRX and STI to go sedan only; reveal headed for LA Nissan readying four new EV models, more widespread inductive charging VIDEO : Nissan U.S. Manufacturing on Track to Nearly Double Export Markets by En... Kawasaki : More Podium Places The Aim For KRT Riders Kawasaki : Sofuoglu And Foret Ready For Action Again At The Nürburgring 2015 Subaru WRX Expected to Debut at LA Auto Show Toyota GT86 / Scion FR-S May Receive a Power Boost via a Bigger 2.5-liter Engine Update : Toyota Releases New Info on 420HP Yaris Hybrid R Concept Subaru BRZ tS makes its brief video debut VIDEO : Toyota Lets Go Places. Safely. -- May You Leave a comment Make sure you enter the (*) required information where indicated. Message * enter your message here... Name * Email *  back to top  Follow Us On : RSS Delicious Facebook Youtube Twitter Pinterest NHK WORLD TV LIVE Tohoku Revival Calendar Plextor Toshiba Kawasaki Japan's high-speed rail system Welcome To Japan Japan Miniaturizing Medicine Japan Live Cameras Hi Robot Iiyama Play Pac Man JP-Domains.com Follow Us On : RSS Delicious Facebook Youtube Twitter Pinterest  Alpine Brother Canon Eizo Epson Fujitsu Hitachi Kyocera Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pioneer Sharp Sony Electronics Robots Aeronautics Architecture Gardens Cuisine Festivals Samurai Sumo Art Movies Music Sport Travel  © Copyright 2013 House of Japan . All Rights Reserved . 