 Snarkerati - Entertainment, TV and Movie News, Gaming and Celebrity Gossip Home Movies Television Gaming Celebrity Gossip Galleries Fun Stuff Contact Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google Plus Filter by section: All Movies Television Gaming Celebrity Gossip Fun Stuff Movies Chadwick Boseman Cast As James Brown In Biopic Chadwick Boseman made his name earlier this year by playing a historic figure, pioneering baseball player Jackie Robinson. Now he's getting a chance to play... August 27th By Kirsten Anderson Movies TV Into Movies: Another "X-Files" Movie? An "Arrested Development" Movie? For reasons I don't really understand, Hollywood likes to turn TV shows into movies. Okay, I understand--easy name recognition. But it's a tiresome concept.... August 27th By Kirsten Anderson Television Tina Fey and Amy Poehler back for the next Golden Globes? We all thought when Tina Fey and Amy Poehler did the hosting gig at the Golden Globes earlier this year that it was a one off thing, apparently that might be ... August 26th By Angela Television SyFy orders 12 Monkeys pilot Remember the 1995 Terry Gilliam film "Twelve Monkeys"? Well, it's getting the TV makeover. SyFy has given the green light to a series adapted from the origina... August 26th By Angela Television Chris Carter pilot ordered at Amazon "The X Files" creator Chris Carter is back! Yes, after over a decade hiatus the man who brought us Mulder and Scully is back, this time with a new project at ... August 26th By Angela Television Miley Cyrus MTV Music Awards performance social media gold If you haven't heard about Miley Cyrus' MTV Music Awards performance with Robin Thicke you must be living under a rock. The scantily clad performance went off... August 26th By Angela Television Joshua Jackson books Showtime pilot The Affair Head's up "Fringe" fans, our leading man Joshua Jackson has a new gig, playing a cowboy. Jackson is set to star opposite Ruth Wilson, Dominic West and Maura T... August 26th By Angela Gossip Khloe Kardashian  Lamar Odom Are Separated Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom are separated -- but it has more to do with his raging drug problem than it does because he was banging other chicks. Color... August 26th By Misty Gossip Kate Gosselin Sues Jon Over Tell All Information Jon Gosselin's old business partner Rob Hoffman wrote a tell-all book about Kate and now she's suing her ex-husband. She claims that Jon's hacking into her... August 26th By Misty Gossip Taylor Swift Badmouths One Direction At The VMAs It's good to know that country singer Taylor Swift and her ex-boyfriend Harry Styles are never, ever, ever getting back together. She certainly didn't mind... August 26th By Misty Gossip Fat Joe Turns Himself In For Tax Evasion Fat Joe has offered himself up for his due jail time over tax evasion charges. People magazine reports:Joey Crack might soon be known as Joey Tax. ... August 26th By Misty Gossip Robert Pattinson Talks Fame  Loneliness You ever heard that saying that it's lonely at the top? Well, after the Twilight movies made Robert Pattinson into a hugely successful actor, he is certain... August 26th By Misty Movies Calendar Alert: "Diana" Gets November 1st Release Date Entertainment One has announced that it plans to open the Princess Diana biopic on November 1st in limited release, with expansion in the following weeks. T... August 26th By Kirsten Anderson Movies Stef Dawson Cast in "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay" Parts 1 and 2 With the release of "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" within sight (meaning November 22nd), we're starting to hear more about plans for the last two films i... August 26th By Kirsten Anderson Movies "Fifty Shades of Grey" Casting Catch Up We've got some names that are being floated for the lead roles in the adaptation of the soft, soft porn hit "Fifty Shades of Grey." If you're thinking, "Hey... August 26th By Kirsten Anderson Television Peter Jackson is not directing Doctor Who episode The internet was on fire this weekend with news Peter Jackson was set to direct an upcoming episode of BBC series "Doctor Who". Apparently it isn't true. Jack... August 26th By Angela Television Happily Divorced canceled by TV Land Fran Drescher's loosely biographical series "Happily Divorced" has been axed by TV Land. Many people were surprised when the show managed to get a second seas... August 26th By Angela Television Prison Break star Rockmond Dunbar headed to The Mentalist In what could be a series regular role, "Prison Break" and "The Game" star Rockmond Dunbar is headed to "The Mentalist". Dunbar is set to play an FBI Supervis... August 26th By Angela Movies Art House Box Office: "The Grandmaster" Is Grand Here are the numbers for the movies at the art house this weekend, courtesy of Deadline:Drinking Buddies (Magnolia Pictures) NEW [2 Theaters] Weekend $1... August 25th By Kirsten Anderson Movies Weekend Box Office: "The Butler" Wins Again, Everything Else Flops Here's how it looks:1. Lee Danielsâ The Butler (Weinstein) Week 2 [Runs 3,110] PG13Friday $4.7M, Saturday $6.7M, Weekend $15.5M, Cume $50.8M2. W... August 25th By Kirsten Anderson Movies Tony Jaa Joins "Fast and Furious 7" (First off, I never know whether the "Fast/Furious" movies officially use an "and" or "." It seems like it varies. For today, let's stick with "and.")... August 24th By Kirsten Anderson Gossip Simon Cowell Wants Lauren Silverman To Get A DNA Test Simon Cowell recently knocked up his best friend's wife. Now, if that wasn't bad enough, he wants her to get a DNA test in order to prove that he's the rea... August 23rd By Misty Gossip Robert Pattinson Hates Whoever Started 'R-Pattz' Robert Pattinson is really miffed at whoever came up with the nickname "R-Pattz" because he really hates the name. We can't blame him, the name is quite si... August 23rd By Misty Gossip Harry Styles Expects A Taylor Swift Breakup Song It sounds like Harry Styles knew what he was in for when he began dating country singer Taylor Swift. He's obviously heard the rumors that Taylor would wri... August 23rd By Misty Fun Stuff Sad Cat Diary May 9th By Snarkerati Staff Gaming Road Rash Designer Considering Sequel I'm old enough to remember the Road Rash games really well. I loved the original, playing more than is healthy. Sadly it's a game that seems to have been ve... March 14th By Dave Parrack Gaming Is 'Bros Before Hos' Really Offensive To God Of War Fans? The God Of War games are bloody, gory, full of nudity and foul language, and clearly only meant for mature gamers. So why has there been such a fuss about t... March 12th By Dave Parrack Gaming EA Apologizes For SimCity Debacle A lot of people were looking forward to the new SimCity game. After all, these games represent the very best of the planning and management simulation genre... March 12th By Dave Parrack Gaming Sony Aiming To Shift 16 Million PS4 Consoles Sony finally unveiled the PlayStation 4 recently, revealing the system specs, controller, and many of the features included in the hardware and UI. There we... March 6th By Dave Parrack Gaming Would You Sell Your Video Games To Get Married? Christopher Lawton recently sold his games collection to fund his wedding, as detailed on Kotaku. It's an interesting story, but the debate in the comments ... March 6th By Dave Parrack Gaming Glenn Beck Spouts Crap About Video Games Glenn Beck has decided to attack video games again, suggesting that they're mostly to blame for tragedies such as the Sandy Hook massacre. And he must be te... March 1st By Dave Parrack Gaming Cliffy B Loves Microtransactions, Hates Gamers Gears Of War series creator Cliffy B has taken to Tumblr to defend microtransactions in the face of some opposition to this method of nickel-and-diming loya... March 1st By Dave Parrack Gaming 'Crysis 3' Ratings Due To Franchise "Fatigue" Crysis 3 IS a good game, but the aggregated score on Metacritic is currently around the 78/100 mark, which is less than the previous two Crysis titles. Does... March 1st By Dave Parrack Fun Stuff Learn English with Ricky Gervais August 22nd By Snarkerati Staff Fun Stuff 60's Robin Interrupts The Dark Knight July 11th By Snarkerati Staff Fun Stuff The Super Moonwalk July 11th By Snarkerati Staff Fun Stuff Quadrotor Sound and Light Show A troupe of 16 quadrotors (flying robots) dance to and manipulate sound and light at the Saatchi  Saatchi New Directors' Showcase 2012.... July 5th By Snarkerati Staff Fun Stuff The Beauty Of Movement July 5th By Snarkerati Staff Fun Stuff 9 Year Old Performs Some Crazy Ping Pong Ball Tricks July 4th By Snarkerati Staff Fun Stuff A Brief History of Rock N' Roll Alex Chadwick plays 100 famous guitar riffs in one take giving you a chronological history of rock n' roll.... July 4th By Snarkerati Staff More Headlines Movies Ben Affleck Is Busy, So Scott Cooper Takes Over "The Stand" August 24th By Kirsten Anderson Ben Affleck To Play "Batman" in WB's "Batman/Superman" Movie August 23rd By Kirsten Anderson Bradley Cooper In Talks For "Guardians of the Galaxy" August 23rd By Kirsten Anderson Natalie Dormer Joins "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay" August 23rd By Kirsten Anderson DreamWorks Grabs "Noble Assassin" For Cary Fukunaga August 22nd By Kirsten Anderson Olivia Munn In Talks for "Mortdecai" August 22nd By Kirsten Anderson Jean Marc-Vallee Set To Direct Reese Witherspoon's "Wild" August 22nd By Kirsten Anderson Clint Eastwood May Direct "American Sniper" August 21st By Kirsten Anderson Marion Cotillard Joins Fassbender's "Macbeth" August 21st By Kirsten Anderson Idris Elba Set For "Beasts of No Nation" August 21st By Kirsten Anderson Television Veteran actress Julie Harris passes away August 26th By Angela Is Jade from Big Brother Australia an actress? August 23rd By Angela Tatiana Maslany heading to Parks  Recreation August 21st By Angela Jane Lynch says Cory Monteith episode beautiful August 21st By Angela Kym Johnson exits DWTS US for Australian gig August 21st By Angela Wentworth Miller finally steps out of the closet August 21st By Angela And the winner of Big Brother UK isâŚ August 21st By Angela NBC renews Hollywood Game Night August 20th By Angela Sullivan  Son gets third season order August 20th By Angela Rizzoli  Isles star Lee Thompson Young dead of apparent suicide August 19th By Angela Gaming Sony: Used Games Not Blocked On PS4 February 21st By Dave Parrack PlayStation 4, Coming Holiday 2013 February 21st By Dave Parrack Pachter: Wii U Could Prove Fatal For Nintendo February 19th By Dave Parrack Rock Band Being Killed Off In April February 19th By Dave Parrack Ouya Console Getting 500+ Games February 15th By Dave Parrack PlayStation 4 Controller Prototypes Leak February 15th By Dave Parrack Developer: Wii U Has "A Lot Of Potential" February 13th By Dave Parrack The Next-Gen Xbox Revealed... Probably February 13th By Dave Parrack Killzone 4 Likely To be PS4 Launch Title February 8th By Dave Parrack Heavy Rain Creator Complains About Games Industry February 7th By Dave Parrack Celebrity Gossip North West's First Photo Unveiled By Kanye West August 23rd By Misty Kaley Cuoco Ditched Henry Cavill Because Of The Publicity August 23rd By Misty Diddy Turned Down American Idol Because Of Jennifer Lopez August 22nd By Misty Rihanna Would Take Chris Brown Back August 22nd By Misty Princess Diana Was Murdered? August 22nd By Misty Faith Hill  Tim McGraw Are Going Through A Divorce? August 22nd By Misty Inside Gia Allemand's Sad Last Days August 22nd By Misty Desiree Hartsock  Chris Siegfried Are Already Broken Up August 21st By Misty Jessica Simpson Is Stuck At 178 Pounds August 21st By Misty Inside Jennifer Aniston's Wedding To Justin Theroux August 21st By Misty Fun Stuff Engine Rebuild In Stop Motion July 4th By Snarkerati Staff Real Life Hot Wheels Double Dare Loop July 3rd By Snarkerati Staff YouTube Complaints Department July 3rd By Snarkerati Staff Doug Pitt July 3rd By Snarkerati Staff Batman In Real Life June 29th By Snarkerati Staff The Star Wars That I Used To Know June 28th By Snarkerati Staff 'Prometheus' Prequel Spoof: Weyland Industries Scientist Training June 27th By Snarkerati Staff Kite Surfer Jumps Over Pier During Tropical Storm June 27th By Snarkerati Staff Metal Objects And An MRI Magnet June 27th By Snarkerati Staff How To Pronounce Uranus June 24th By Snarkerati Staff Follow @snarkerati  Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Contact Us  Subscribe  Movie News  Television News  Gaming News  Celebrity Gossip  HQ Celebrity Picture Galleries  Fun Stuff Entertainment News, Gaming and Celebrity Gossip  Copyright 2007 - 2013 Snarkerati  