 SiteCatalyst code version: H.26Copyright 1996-2012 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com  Follow @thedailybeast TUMBLR  Home Politics Business Video Entertainment Fashion Books Art Women in the World Newsweek Featured: Washington Bureau Emmys Travel Beast Beast Newsweek Subscriber Help Culture  Content Section The Evolution of Art Feb 20, 2009 7:00 PM EST We may be genetically predisposed to appreciate listening to Sinatra or staring at a Seurat.  Art suffuses our lives. Whether it's bluegrass, heavy metal, Frank Sinatra or Mozart, music moves us all. On a trip to a foreign city, visiting an art museum is a mandatory exercise. Imaginative writing affects many of us, though—alas—with decreasing frequency. Why should art be important? Being seen as an "art lover" may increase our status, but otherwise art is not useful. Yet art has been part of the human experience since Paleolithic man painted on the walls of caves in Lascaux, France, and Altamira, Spain, more than 30,000 years ago. Art preceded cities, agriculture and writing. Denis Dutton, an art professor in New Zealand, has proposed a bold new explanation. He argues that humankind's universal interest in art is the result of human evolution. We enjoy sex, grasp facial expressions, understand logic and spontaneously acquire language—all of which make it easier for us to survive and produce children. In "The Art Instinct: Beauty, Pleasure, and Human Evolution," Dutton contends that an interest in art belongs on this list of evolutionary adaptations. In making his case, Dutton has to refute the late Stephen Jay Gould's argument that human culture is a socially formed byproduct of our large brains. Dutton easily overcomes this argument by pointing out how many "byproducts"—such as a spoken language—have given humans a huge evolutionary gain. But he must still explain why an interest in art gives us an edge. This is no easy task. Just because many people have a trait does not mean that it confers an evolutionary advantage. I like the Boston Red Sox, but I doubt that preference was genetically passed on to my children. (Happily, they became Sox fans anyway.) Drawing on Charles Darwin's second great book, "The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex," Dutton argues that art, like broad shoulders in a man and a narrow waist in a woman, facilitates seduction. We tell stories, sing songs, invent tales, recount jokes and draw pictures in order to find a mate and, having found one, produce children. We value art because, Dutton claims, it may be made of rare and valuable materials and require much skill to produce. People value wealth and skill in choosing a mate. We can add to Dutton's argument the fact that when 3-month-old infants are shown pictures of women who had been rated by adults as either attractive or unattractive, the babies looked much longer at the attractive ones. This is a stimulating but not entirely satisfactory argument. Some forms of art may have evolutionary explanations that do not involve sexual selection, and some forms of beauty may not be linked to art at all. Take music: we can imagine men and women singing to one another for sexual reasons, but we can also imagine music being used to induce sleep, energize an army, or identify friends and enemies. Or painting: zoologist Desmond Morris and others have encouraged chimpanzees to paint. Some of their works were hung in museums, without being labeled as the work of chimps, and they received much acclaim. Did these animals paint to lure sexual partners? It seems unlikely. Likewise, the cave paintings done 30 millennia ago probably had no connection with romance (many were done in remote parts of caves in which no one lived) and may have been produced by shamans for religious purposes. And we may value beauty even when no human has produced it. Anthropologists have shown that people in many cultures value views of the seashore, a sunset or a mountain peak much more than they like flat ground or hot sun. We have been born with a love for certain kinds of beauty that in turn influences how we react to music, painting and literature. Dutton recognizes these limitations to his explanation of why art has persisted. His love of music, he notes, cannot be confined to its role in sexual communication; as a child he was entranced (as was I) with Beethoven's Seventh Symphony, long before he had the faintest interest in girls. Moreover, art, especially music and poetry, helps us see into the human personality. When I dated the girl who later became my wife, we went off to dance to Tommy Dorsey. That certainly involved sexual selection. But that cannot explain why every year we attend a Mozart opera. As with everyone else, we value beauty even though we define it differently from people who enjoy the Sex Pistols. Evolution has, without any doubt, left people with an appreciation for both natural and man-made beauty, but sexual selection explains, I think, only a small part of the reason. But read Dutton's book: his masterful knowledge of art and his compelling prose make it a thing of beauty. Get Newsweek on your Tablet Like The Daily Beast on Facebook and follow us on Twitter for updates all day long. For inquiries, please contact The Daily Beast at editorial@thedailybeast.com. NEXT View As Single Page  Tags: heavy metal, New Zealand, Culture, Frank Sinatra, World News, Boston Red Sox, Stephen Jay Gould  Comments Powered by Livefyre Change Text Size Smaller Text Larger Test This Week's Issue Free at Last Happy Birthday, Iris! The Believer Read more from Newsweek Newsweek Is All Digital! Print subscribers: Please click here for important information about digital access.  Related Video Play Josh Rogin: Courier Led US to Al Qaeda Meeting After breaking the news about the capture of a courier relaying... Stories We Like Wonderwall Best Looks from the VMA's Art News Must-See Museum Shows to Make You Think, or Cry Your Tango 7 TV Couples We Wish Would Hook Up Already Wonderwall Khloe Kardashian Goes on Twitter Rant About Divorce Rumors Pop Sugar Kate Middleton Goes Out for the First Time Since Hospital Ask Men 10 Must-See Documentaries Wonderwall Stars Who Are From Brooklyn International Business Times 5 Ways Tesla Could Become A Mainstream Automaker CNBC Cashing In on the Booming Wheat-Free Market Most Popular McCain: It’s Obama’s Fault Sasha Grey, Author Olbermann’s Hilarious Return to ESPN2 How to Use Special Ops In Syria Is America Out of Ideas?  Other News Entertainment Boy Band Battle — Day 1: Which group has the best appearance? Linda Ronstadt on her Parkinson’s disease: ‘I can’t sing at all’ ‘Under the Dome’ Domewatch: The Mini-Dome has a pet! Get More from EW.com Entertainment White House: U.S. Not Seeking Regime Change In Syria In Response To Attacks White House: Question No Longer If Assad Used Chemical Weapons, Question Is The Response This Gigolo Simulator Is The Most Depressing Thing I Have Ever Played Get More from Buzz Feed Entertainment Week in Photos for Aug. 30, 2013 Undressed 2013: The Year (So Far) in Celebrity Fashion Faux Pas Rihanna's together-time with Drake reignites romance rumors Get More from Wonderwall Politics Retro Report is Back Obama May Soon Lose Top Adviser The Diversionary Dog Get More from Political Wire  The Daily Beast Help About Contact Us Jobs Advertise Privacy Community Policy Terms of Use Financial Disclaimer Copyright & Trademark Sections: Home Election Entertainment Books Video Women in the World Press Newsweek Subscribe – 1Mth Free Featured: Washington Bureau Emmys Travel Beast Beast Newsweek Subscriber Help Partners: Expedia Hotels Hotwire Merchantcircle Reference Thesaurus Urbanspoon Weather data provided by Weather Underground, Inc. Switch to Mobile  2013 The Newsweek/Daily Beast Company LLC Get Email Updates Sign Up Sign up for daily email updates from The Daily Beast [if lt IE 9]>  #recommended-links-flyout .dialog { filter: alpha(opacity=90), progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Shadow(Color=#cccccc, Strength=5, Direction=270), progid:DXImageTransform.Microsoft.Shadow(Color=#dddddd, Strength=3, Direction=0); border-left: 1px solid #bbbbbb; padding-right: 10px; } 