 Local Washington, DC Search Washington, DC Neighborhoods Things to Do Photo Galleries Arts & Entertainment Washington DC, Maryland and Northern Virginia have a wide variety of arts and entertainment ranging from formal theaters to casual nightclubs. Find up-to-date information on arts and entertainment including performance arts, concerts, festivals, movies, galleries and more in the Washington, DC area. Art Centers & Classes (18) Art Galleries & Museums Choir and Choral Groups (32) Comedy Clubs (7) Concerts (41) Dance (23) Festivals & Special Events (353) Movie Theaters (11) Nightclubs (99) Theaters (48) 25 Free Things to Do in Washington DC There are plenty of free things to do in Washington DC all year-round. Whether you are looking for some family fun, an excursion out with some friends or even a quiet day to yourself, the nation's capital is a great place to experience a wide variety of cultural and recreational activities. You will find free attractions, festivals and events,... Washington DC Bands - Musicians in DC, Maryland and Virginia Learn about bands that perform in Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia. Submit your own band profile or find a musician to perform at a special event in the Washington DC area. See submissions Washington, DC Theater - Top Venues for Plays, Music and Dance See a guide to the top theaters in Washington, DC, the leading performing arts venues providing the hottest Broadway shows, music, dance, and more. Top 10 Concert Venues in Washington, DC Washington, DC attracts the biggest names in the music industry to perform live at a number of concert venues around the region. Here is a guide to the concert venues in the Washington, DC area that offer the best in live entertainment. Hot Tickets  Concerts, Theater and Sports Tickets in Washington, DC Find tickets to Washington, DC's hottest performances, find great tickets to concerts, theater and sports events in Washington, DC. DC Jazz - Jazz Clubs and Concerts in the Washington, DC Area Listen to jazz in a variety of venues in the Washington, DC area, from intimate jazz clubs to gourmet restaurants to neighborhood pubs. Find jazz clubs in Washington, DC, Maryland and Virginia. Screen on the Green-Free Outdoor Movies at the National Mall Bring the whole family to the National Mall in Washington, DC to watch free outdoor movies during this summer special event. Smithsonian Jazz Cafe - Live Music in the Heart of Washington, DC Jazz artists from the Washington, DC area perform live music in the Atrium Caf, the cafeteria at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History Torpedo Factory Art Center in Old Town Alexandria, Virginia The Torpedo Factory Art Center, one of the largest visual arts centers in the U.S., 84 working art studios, 5 galleries, 2 workshops, the Art League School and the Alexandria Archaeology Museum. Top Capitol Steps CDs - Political Musical Satire Find CDs of the Capitol Steps, a group of former congressional staffers who perform a political musical satire and keep you laughing about events and personalities on Capitol Hill, the Oval Office, and other centers of power around the world. Washington, DC History Channel Movies - Available in DVD and VHS The History Channel offers a variety of movies about the history of Washington, DC. Here is the top picks of DVDs and VHS movies relating to Washington, DC. Glen Echo Park - A National Park for the Arts near Washington, DC Explore Glen Echo Park, a national park near Washington, DC with year-round dance, theater, and arts programs for adults and children. Learn about Glen Echo Park which is located in Glen Echo, Maryland. Verizon Center in Washington DC See a wide selection of arts and entertainment events at the Verizon Center in Washington, DC. The 20,000-seat sports arena in downtown Washington, DC, is a prime venue for sporting events and family entertainment. Holiday Craft Shows in Washington, DC, Maryland and Virginia Find arts and craft shows in Washington, DC, Maryland and Virginia. Craft shows are wonderful places to shop for unique gifts for the holidays. Here you will a variety of craft shows held in November and December in the Washington, DC area. How to Beat the Winter Blues in Washington DC Find some fun things to do and creative ways to beat the winter blues in Washington DC. From exercise to trying new activities, there are a variety of ways to enjoy the winter months in the capital region. Bethesda Art Walk: Free Tours of Bethesda Art Galleries The Bethesda Art Walk, held the second Friday of every month, is a free guided tour including 11 art galleries and studios that feature painting, sculpture, photography, pottery, jewelry and mixed media. Smithsonian Craft Show The Smithsonian Craft Show is an exhibit of 120 exceptional craft artists in Washington, DC including basketry, ceramics, decorative fiber, furniture, glass, jewelry, leather, metal, mixed media, paper, wearable art, and wood. Academy Award Winning Movies Filmed in Washington, DC Dozens of movies have been filmed in Washington, DC. Find out which ones have won Academy Awards. Environmental Film Festival  Washington, DC The DC Environmental Film Festival features 100 documentary, feature, animated, archival, experimental and children's films from around the world. Kaitlyn Maher - A Profile of the Young Singing Sensation Kaitlyn Maher was the youngest ever Top 10 Finalist on NBCs television show America's Got Talent. Read a profile of Kaitlyn Maher and learn about her career in entertainment. Washington DC at Night  Evening Activities for All Ages Find things to do at night in Washington DC, see entertainment suggestions for the whole family Free Washington, DC Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Washington, DC Must Reads Top 10 Things to Do in Washington DC 15 Best Places to Go with Kids 50th Anniversary - March on Washington Labor Day Weekend in DC August 2013 Festivals & Events Most Popular DC Celebrates the 50th Anniversary of the March... Top 10 Things to Do in the Washington, DC... August 2013 Festivals and Events in the... 15 Best Places to Go with Kids in the... Washington DC Restaurant Week 2013 Free Washington, DC Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Attractions & Things to Do Arts & Entertainment Holidays & Seasonal Events Food, Beverage & Dining Photos Families & Lifestyles Sports & Recreation Health & Fitness Education Maps,Transport & Weather Hotels & Getaways Shopping & Services Real Estate & Neighborhoods Jobs & Careers Gov't, History & Facts Washington, DC About.com Local Washington, DC Arts & Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 