 2CarPros - Car Questions & Answers Site Menu Questions by Topic Questions by Manufacturer Questions by Car Year Ask a Car Repair Question Join Our Repair Community First Things to Check How to Repair or Service How Does it Work Auto Repair Manuals Repair Video Series Car Noise Problems Check Engine Light Brake Replacement Guides Popular Site Links Belt Routing Diagrams Auto Maintenance How to Use Diagnostic Tools Trouble Code Definitions Auto Term Abbreviations Car Safety Check Hybrid Car Information Gauges and Warning Lights Questions by Manufacturer Acura Audi BMW Buick Cadillac Chevy Chrysler Dodge Fiat Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Rover Lexus Lincoln Mazda Mercedes Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Renault Rover Saab Saturn Scion Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo AllModels Advertisement Repair Ask a Free Question Replace Front Brake Pads Check Engine Light Rear Brake Shoes Rear Brake Pads Replace Air Filter Tune Up Test Fuses Search Questions Advertisement Advertise with us Tweet  Car Repair Questions, Answers and Information Welcome to 2CarPros.com, the ultimate car problem solving, maintenanceand repair community website. We offer honest, tried and tested, money andtime saving tools with resources for owners, enthusiasts and repairtechnicians based on the collective intelligence of Bob, Ken and their teamof automotive professionals. Got a Question? Our professional team of certified technicians will answer your car questions for FREE! Questions by Topic Previously answered questions by topic Questions by Manufacturer Previously answered questions by manufacturer Questions by Car Year Previously answered questions by car year Car Forum Join our community and communicate directly with our specialized car experts! How to Repair or Service Step by step repair and service guides by 2Carpros.com Troubleshooting Car Repairs Our "first things to check" information to solve car problems quickly How Does It Work? How various systems and components in an automobile function Service/Repair Video Series Video series guide to popular repairs and services Auto Repair Manuals Our recommended online repair manual by Mitchell1 Check Engine Light Also known as the "service engine soon" light is a warning that your car"s computer has detected a malfunction Brake Replacement Guides Simple instructions illustrating how to replace brake components Auto Term Abbreviations Definitions to auto manufacturer term abbreviations Maintenance Schedule General car maintenance guides and schedules How to Use Diagnostic Tools A "how to use" automotive tools and test equipment guide Trouble Code Definition Tables OBD1 and OBD11 diagnostic trouble code definitions Last 5 Questions Currently Being Asked 1992 GMC Sierra Electrical Problem I need to set the base ignition timing on a 92 Sierra 4.3 do I need to unplug something , and how much btds advance. ... Asked by j.stieg about 26 minutes ago - 0 Answers 1993 Mazda MX6 Engine Problem I changed my timing belt thought it was done right but when cranked it slipped think I kno why it slipped because was ... Asked by skater078 about 52 minutes ago - 0 Answers 1986 Toyota Pickup Drivetrain Problem with 260000 miles The drive train axle came out of the transfer case while it was being towed. Now I can't tell how it goes back together ... Asked by Robingayle about 1 hour ago - 0 Answers 2001 Dodge Intrepid Repair Problem with 200000 miles I have 2001 dodge intrepid and last night i was leaving to go home and when i pulled the shift gear to reverse something... Asked by twalker82 about 1 hour ago - 0 Answers 1995 Buick Regal Repair Problem with 50000 miles I don't know too much about cars. My car is like missing or something. I have a 95 Buick Regal when I start to speed up... Asked by federowa about 1 hour ago - 0 Answers Auto Repair Video Series " data-title="How to Replace an Air Filter Video" href="#play"> How to Replace an Air... " data-title="How to Replace Front Brake Pads and Rotors Video" href="#play"> How to Replace Front Brake... " data-title="How to Change Engine Oil and Oil Filter Video" href="#play"> How to Change Engine Oil... " data-title="How to Repair a Check Engine Light Video" href="#play"> How to Repair a Check... Popular Resource Articles Taking Your Car in For Repairs Common car questions and safety checks asked by a Times publication: "AllYou". Testimonials Read what are users have to say about us. Hybrid Car Information Hybrid car systems. Smog Test Preparation Before taking a car for a smog inspection. Basic Car Safety Inspection Ownership service and inspection tips. Avoiding Repair Scams Learn what questions to ask when having your car repaired. 2Carpros.com Featured in Google Commercial Check out the video ! It's comforting to know that all the hard work we have put into helping people get their families back on the road has been noticed and appreciated. A special thanks goes out to all in our community that have contributed. Ford Motor Company about 2Carpros.com I just want you to know what a nice job you guys have done with respect to the content on your 2CarPros website. My team and I just finished the development and launch of FordParts.com and I have a new-found appreciation for what it takes to put a world-class site together like yours in this complex business. The layout, information and details that go into a site like yours was obviously a team sport and is very impressive. Its obviously a labor of love. Thanks for your hard work, and impressive contributions to this wonderfully addicting industry we all share in. David Voglewede Wholesale Parts Operations Mgr. Ford Customer Service Division Dearborn, MI Acclaimed ASE Master Auto Repair Technicians Ken And Bob Lavacot with the 2Carpros repair team featured on: Sub Menu Car Questions Repair Menu Question Search Ask a Question Become a Member (free) Auto Repair Manual Certified Intelligence and Security Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Home Help Privacy Policy User Agreement About Us Contact Us Link To Us Were Hiring Visit us on Google+ Copyright  1999 - 2013 2CarPros.com - Professional Mechanics Online 