  Place an Ad Calendars Classified Forums Sports Weather   sptimes.com Text-only News sections Arts  Entertainment AP The Wire Business Citrus County Columnists Floridian Hernando County Hillsborough Letters Movies Neighborhood Times News Update North Pinellas North of Tampa Obituaries Opinion Pasco County South Pinellas Sports State Tampa Bay TV Times World  Nation Find your local news section Weekly sections Brandon Times City Times Homes Outdoors Perspective Personal Tech Taste Travel Weekend Xpress  Other features   tampabay.com   Area guide   Calendar   Comics  Games   Forums      Real estate   Residents   Travel reservations   TV Times   Visitors   Weather  Worship directory  Yellow Pages  Special Sections Arena football Buccaneers College football Devil Rays Lightning Police reports Schools Seniority Subscriber Services Subscribe Renew Help Advertise Place an ad In print Online Market Info Join Us Internships Scholarships Times Jobs Contact us  Advertise Online Auto  Classifieds Employment Market InfoNewspapers in EducationPersonalsSubscribe Contact us   All Departments   Singer's humor strikes a chord By STEVE PERSALL  St. Petersburg Times, published October 29, 2000 SARASOTA -- "God spoke to me," Randy Newman fibbed Friday night to a sparse crowd at Van Wezel Hall. "I was surprised. I thought it would've been 'N Sync, someone with better demographics." Silly pundit. Newman's tricks aren't for kids. Just ask two children in front of me who expected some guy singing Toy Story ditties. They endured an hour of Newman's earthy odes to blind faith and drunk ambition before perking up for a rushed version of You've Got a Friend In Me. After intermission, paraphrasing one of Newman's omitted songs, Mama told them not to come back. Seeing the world through Randy Newman's squint isn't for the young, or even naive grown-ups. Take his lyrics at face value and you may think this 57-year-old troubadour is a cynical old wheeze. Those are just the boozy losers he's speaking for: Rednecks at the end of their lynch-rope, politicians toying with Political Science or a lecher with no Shame. But, a sense of mockery escapes some listeners. It's as subtle as the contradiction between his playful right-hand piano strokes and those sinister stabs with his left. It's as brittle as the contrast of the last two lines he sang Friday night: "Human kindness is overflowing. And I think it's going to rain today." Nothing is ever as optimistic or pessimistic as it seems in a Randy Newman song; it's just inevitable. And funny, if you're on the same wavelength. Irony is a tough sell unless you're Eminem, an artist with whom Newman shares the same trenchant humor. You could cram the lyrics of all 34 songs he played Friday into a handful of Eminem's raps. Details are brisk and telling. Newman jabs with short, descriptive strokes, and economy is why he sounds serious. That, and a voice rasping with experience. Each failed reach for a high note adds to the desperate feel of his characters. Drunks cajoling one more chance from Marie or just pleading Guilty to being stoned again sounded genuine. Newman makes us believe in people wanting us to hurt as much as they do. Even if they don't realize how pathetic they appear. Friday's show was a simple case of one man, one piano, and dozens of musical misfits wearing rose-colored blinders. Some of the sarcasm was self-inflicted; the show-biz spoofs I'm Dead But I Don't Know It and Lonely at the Top, or the sadly autobiographical I Miss You and Feels like Home. Other songs filled gaps in history books: race relations, doomed imperialism in The Great Nations of Europe, a natural disaster in Louisiana 1927, or the slave-trader promises of Sail Away. The World Isn't Fair reasoned why Marxism failed (How can it be fair because some beautiful women love "froggish men, unpleasant to see?") He got topical once in his stage patter, suggesting It's Money That I Love as a Republican campaign song. Short People, I Love L.A. and You Can Leave Your Hat On were easy playlist choices. Deeper excursions into his discography quieted some shouted requests. The world according to Randy Newman is dark and deluded with only a lottery chance of getting any better. That he can make us smile at those odds is nothing short of divine.  Back to Arts  2006  All Rights Reserved  Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South  St. Petersburg, FL 33701  727-893-8111 Contact the Times | Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy | Terms, Conditions  Copyright  Special Links Floridian HomeGarden Taste Xpress Weekend  Headlines CraftArt winners announced Julio Iglesias deepens rut of boring blandness Seize the day Singer's humor strikes a chord From the wire Paula Deen teams with Novo Nordisk on diabetes 'Artist,' 'Tinker Tailor' up for UK film awards Lohan returns to court for latest probation update Soundtrack to be released for MTV's 'Teen Mom' Swift teases songs about heartbreak on next album Rock Hall of Fame opens archives to public Indian fest hopes Rushdie attends, despite protest Bavaria questions Mein Kampf publication plans LA considers requiring porn stars use condoms Poland slaps fine on singer for bashing Bible 