 Car Research Tools: Car Concierge Car Video Vehicle eBrochure Build Car Invoice Price Vehicle Quote Car Reviews Feedback HOME GAS PRICES CARS FOR SALE AUTO NEWS CAR REVIEWS NEW CAR RESEARCH Car Concierge Car Videos Build A Car Invoice Prices Auto eBrochure (Images  Specs) Vehicle Quote Car Buying Guide DISCUSSION FORUM MORE>> About Buyers Guide Infographics> Distracted Driving DUI Fast Facts The Evolution of Auto Safety Jennifer Videos> Car Video Tool eBrochure zAutos Overview   Car Review: 2012 Ford Mustang V6 Convertible by Auto News on July 4, 2011 The 2012 Ford Mustang Convertible Review  An American Classic Updated The Ford Mustang convertible is one of the great iconic masterpieces of the American highway, and the latest iteration is a proud successor to that tradition with a powerful V-6 engine and the stylish top-down good looks of the modern Mustang. While lacking the power of the GT Mustangs, the base model and Premium trim levels of the 2011 Ford Mustang convertible offer outstanding performance and braking capabilities while maintaining superior gas mileage in a sleek, fun-to-drive package. Under the hood The powerful 3.7-liter V-6 offers dependable acceleration and speed in both the standard six-speed manual and optional six-speed automatic versions; the automatic transmission provides slightly better gas mileage for most drivers, while the manual transmission offers greater control and is the natural choice of the performance-minded driver. One innovative feature is the Easy Fuel capless fuel filler, which eliminates the need for a removable gas cap, reduces the release of pollutants and prevents foreign substances from being introduced into the gas tank. Inside the cabin The interior of the 2011 Ford Mustang convertible is surprisingly roomy with 42 inches of legroom in front and nearly 30 inches of legroom in the rear seat. The base model provides all the standard features buyers expect including cruise control, air-conditioning, power locks and windows and a four-speaker CD and AM/FM stereo system with auxiliary jacks. Premium upgrades include a universal garage door opener, Shaker 500 audio system, Sirius satellite radio and power adjustable driver’s seat with optional dual-zone automatic climate control system and voice-activated navigation system. A reverse sensing and security system is available as an optional package for both the base model and the Premium trim level, while the Comfort and Electronics packages are only available on the Premium models. On the road Electronic stability controls ensure that the 2011 Ford Mustang convertible handles curves with ease. The limited-slip rear differential provides superior handling, while independent front and rear suspension ensures a smooth ride. The Mustang’s hydraulic gas-pressurized shock absorbers help to even out the road and shield against bumps and jolts on uneven driving surfaces. The anti-lock brake system features traction control and is one of the strong suits of the Mustang convertible with a stopping distance of 103 feet, well above the industry average. Conclusions The 2011 Ford Mustang convertible offers exactly what its buyers expect: superior performance, classic American styling and smooth, responsive steering and handling on the open road. While power-hungry drivers may want to upgrade to the GT, the 3.7-liter engine of the base model Mustang convertible provides ample power for most buyers in the market for a true American original. Details : Engine: 3.7-liter V-6 Horsepower  Torque: 305 hp/280 lb-ft Transmission: six-speed manual, optional six-speed automatic Fuel Economy: 19/30 for automatic transmission; 19/29 for manual Base MSRP: $27,310 Need More Information on the 2012 Ford Mustang V6 Converitble? video: 2012 Ford Mustang V6 Convertible vehicle eBrochure: 2012 Ford Mustang Convertible V6 Premium Convertible Dealer Quote for the 2012 Ford Mustang V6 Convertible More Car Reviews Copyright © 2010-2011 zAutos All Rights Reserved. Watch car videos at zAutos.com Pingback: Car Review: 2012 Ford Mustang V6 Convertible » Truck Hoods Information - Everything About Truck  SUV Hoods Pingback: Car Review: 2012 Ford Mustang V6 Convertible | Car Review and Ratings  Previous post: VW Unveils New Auto Pilot System Next post: Ford vs. Toyota: Who Contributes More to the U.S. Economy?  FIND A CAR REVIEW Year: Make: Model: Car Reviews     Car Review Links Publish Your Own Car Review TERMS| PRIVACY| ABOUT  2007-2012 zAutos All Rights Reserved [if lte IE 8]>