  Unanswered Questions New Answers Q Categories Coupons Guides Sign In | Sign Up Home Search Settings Top Contributors Help Center Home Answers  Car Buying Cars & Vehicles MORE Connect with Facebook See what questions your friends are asking today. Legacy account member? Sign in. Categories Car Buying Cars & Vehicles Answers.com > Wiki Answers > Categories > Cars & Vehicles > Car Buying > Used Car Buying > How would you word a receipt form for selling a used car As Is? How would you word a receipt form for selling a used car As Is? In: Used Car Buying [ Edit categories ]  Answer: Answer Vehicle is sold as is, as shown, with all defects. No warranty is expressed or implied. Then no warranty will be declared, and in the condition box(if there is but there should be), there should be written "with defects" or "used car", normally it doesn't matter or not important to place it in the receipt, cause, if a customer purchases a vehicle, he/she should be responsible enough to inspect it. Receipts declaring with defects tells that the dealer is willing for repair or responsible for the car for a certain period of time... communication is important. legally "as is" is suffice  Did we answer your question? Yes No Partially Tell us more (optional) Submit Text Contributors X S heath 21 Trust Points: 10 View Profile Recommend X Johnbrent Trust Points: 473 View Profile Recommend Improve this Answer... Improve First answer by Johnbrent . Last edit by S heath 21 Answer History Related Answers: How would you word a receipt form for selling a used car As Is? AnswerVehicle is sold as is, as shown, with all defects. No warranty is expressed or implied.Then no Where can you find a bill of sale form for selling a used car 'As Is'? You should check with your State's department that registers the ownership of automobiles and other When preparing a hand receipt annex it is beneficial to use this form? DA 2062 How would you go about selling your car? There are several different ways to sell your car. You can advertise it online using Craigslist, adv How would you word a used car bill of sale? == Bill of Sale ==When I sell my used cars, I usually word it this way.To Whom It May Concern,This i How would you use 539 in number word form? Five hundred thirty-nine. Can you answer these? How does removing an executor make negative strikes on estate? In: Probate Answer it! Why did Judaism Christianity and Islam begin in the Middle East? In: Comparative Religions and Denominations Answer it! What is the name of the scarecrow in the children's television series Bob the Builder? In: Children's TV Shows Answer it! What is the song on MBC4 commercial for downtown abbey? In: Music Answer it! Ã‚Â» more Related Articles: 5 Reasons 'Anchorman 2' Won't Disappoint 5 Things You Need to Know About Halo 5 6 Horror Movie Sets That Were Actually Haunted Most Touching Celeb Reactions to Cory Monteith's Death Related Articles Big Money: Salvaged Cars Buying From a Private Seller: Key Questions to Ask About Used Cars How a Certified Pre-owned Honda Differs From a Used Honda Important Questions to Ask When Buying a Used Car Pros and Cons of Off-Airport Car Rentals Reliable Websites to Access Free Car History Reports Tax Help 101: Writing Off a New Car Purchase What to Know Before Getting a Car Loan  Contributors Answers  Edits Supervisors  S heath 21 Trust : 10 Answered Most Recently Recommend Contributor  Johnbrent Trust : 473 Answered First Google Profile  Recommend Contributor    Ganderton Trust : 4941 Car Buying Supervisor Google Profile  Recommend Supervisor   Clay Trust : 11412 Automobiles Supervisor Google Profile  Recommend Supervisor   Top Contributors This Week Imo pop Trust Points: 1440 Member Since: 11/09 Prioktan918 Trust Points: 3684 Member Since: 1/12 LincMad Trust Points: 1481 Member Since: 12/10 William Howe Trust Points: 3139 Member Since: 10/10 Jimmy Hernandez Trust Points: 379 Member Since: 5/12  Answers Properties Answers Wiki Answers Video Answers Experts Guides Coupons ResellerRatings Local Answers Online Answers Shop Answers Surveys Blog Sitemap Company About Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Consumer Choice IP Issues Disclaimer Community Guidelines Reputation Roles Help Updates Email Watchlist RSS International sites English | Deutsch | Espaol | Franais | Italiano | Tagalog Copyright  2013 Answers Corporation facebook twitter youtube blog  Sign in using: Answers members: Username Lost password? Password Remember me X Did we answer your question? YES Partially NO Our community is 100% volunteer, show your appreciation with a Google+ or Facebook Like Click:  