 Gossip Celebrity News Latest Hollywood gossip news, pictures, videos, scandals Skip to content   Older posts Lindsay Lohan Heading to Trial Posted on March 14, 2013 by admin Uh oh. Looks like Lindsay Lohan will be heading to trial after failing to reach a plea deal over the allegation that she lied to police after being involved in a car crash last year. Lohan faces three charges, including giving false information to a police officer and reckless driving,. These are in relation to the June accident on the Pacific Coast Highway. The troubled star and she had hoped to work out an agreement with the prosecution that would keep her out of jail after her lawyer failed to have the counts dismissed earlier this month, but the negotiations have fallen through and now Lindsay Lohan is expected to appear in court on Monday as a jury trial gets underway, reports the New York Daily News . The three accusations carry a total jail sentence of over 240 days. The incident could also land Lindsay Lohan in even more trouble for violating her probation. And it begins again Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Lindsay Lohan | Leave a comment Justin Bieber Lets Loose in Online Rant Posted on March 14, 2013 by admin So, we all know that things havent been great for Justin Bieber lately. Hes been clashing with the paparazzi, showing up late for concerts and basically look slike hes heading towards some kind of meltdwn. Now Biebs has decided to make the TERRIBLE move of ranting about how all the fault for this belongs to the media on Instagram of all places. In a post, which has since been deleted, Bieber boasts about his success and wealth and even makes a mean-spirited jab at Lindsay Lohan. Justin Bieber  , Everyone in my team has been telling me, keep the press happy but Im tired of all the countless lies in the press right now. Saying Im going to rehab and how my family is disappointed in me. My family is beyond proud, and nothings been said by them, my grandparents wouldnt know how to reach to press even (if) they did want to so that was a lie and rehab cmon. If anyone believes I need rehab thats their own stupidity lol. The pop star continued, Im 19 with 5 number one albums, 19 and Ive seen the whole world. 19 and Ive accomplished more than I couldve ever dreamed of. Im 19 and it must be scary to some people to think that this is just the beginning. I know my talent level and i know I got my head on straight. I know who I am and I know who Im not. My message is to believe. My albums could be about anything but my messages have been to never say never and believe, not to believe in me, but to believe in yourself I honestly dont care if you dont believe in me because I believe in me, and look where thats gotten me so far. Justin Bieber concluded, Im writing this with a smile on my face and love in my heart. Letting u (you) know first hand how I feel rather than have these story (sic) linger. Im a good person with a big heart. And dont think I deserve all of this negative press. Ive worked my ass off to get where I am and my hard work doesnt stop here. Im growing up finding myself while having people watch me and criticise me everyday I think im doing pretty damn good. And to those comparing me to Lindsey Lohan look at her 2012 tax statements. Justin Bieber you are a dick. Grow up. Stop trying to pretend your an artist and embrace the fact that you are a teen sensation who will hopefully fade into obscurity. Never ONCE does he take responsibility for his actions, its all someone elses fault. Ugh. Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Justin Bieber | Leave a comment Nicki Minaj Shows Up Late to American Idol Posted on March 14, 2013 by admin Nicki Minaj was late for a live American idol show this week after getting stuck in traffic. Really Nicki, you dont show up a few hours early for a live taping? Her arrival was heralded by several tweets: Stuck in traffic *sighs*. Fuck u Malibu!!!!!!!!!!!! *moves to Beverly Hills*. As Nicki Minaj was hurrying to make it, Ryan Seacrest told the audience, We are coming to you live and on time. Keep that energy going for three of your four judges who are here tonight I hear shes (Minaj) seven minutes out and theres some congestion on the 405 (freeway). She should be here momentarily. Nicki Minaj finally arrived 15 minutes into the show, just missing a performance from the first contestant of the night. Posted in American Idol , Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Nicki Minaj | Leave a comment Benedict Cumberbatch Unnerved by Twitter Stalker Posted on March 14, 2013 by admin Benedict Cumberbatch was rattled when a stalker detailed his every move INSIDE HIS HOME over Twitter. Cumberbatch was almost forced to call the police when he discovered that someone was watching him and detailing his movements on the web, but he managed to resolve the issue with the perpetrator privately. The Sherlock star tells Britains Daily Telegraph newspaper, I would say that it was the strangest fan experience that Ive ever had. I had someone live tweeting my movements while I was in my own house. Benedict Cumberbatch  continues  It was such a strange and a direct thing to see these tweets saying what I was doing as I was doing them. I found it really worrying, and, yes, of course, very hard to deal with. I worked out after a while who it was who was doing it so, when it came to it, I didnt actually call in the police, but I was prepared to do so. Benedict Cumberbatch adds,Im not going to say any more about it. The person concerned knows now what I felt about it. I just found it very hard to come to terms with the idea that an individual could look into my house like this, and talk about me online, and think it is a perfectly okay thing to do. Posted in Benedict Cumberbatch , Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos | Leave a comment Veronica Mars Kickstarter Raises Over $2 Million Posted on March 14, 2013 by admin Success! Yesterday we told you about the Veronica Mars  Kickstarter , which aimed to raise $2 million to finance a film based on the tragically cancelled teen detective show. And clearly Veronica Mars fans are the best in the world, because that money was raised in less than a day! Creator Rob Thomas and star Kristen Bell beseeched fans to donate, offering incentives like movie scripts, posters, private screenings and a walk-on role in the film. Fans responded and, as of this morning, the project has received more than $2,600,000 in donations! Kristen Bell thanked Veronica Mars Kickstarter donors, tweeting, I love you guys. You are all SO spectacular. I am speechless. Thomas wrote, Hallelujah! Its a green light my friends. I love you all, but particularly the donors among you. VM fans best in world. So grateful. Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Movies | Leave a comment Katy Perry Writing Autobiography Posted on March 14, 2013 by admin According to a report, Katy Perry has signed a $3.2 million deal to write an autobiography. Does anyone really still want to read one after Part of Me ? Perrys book will ALSO be called Part Of Me and will apparently cover her career and personal life, including her relationship with ex-husband Russell Brand and current relationship with John Mayer , according to Britains The Sun . A source tells the publication, Several publishers have been after Katy for a while. She decided to go ahead so fans dont have a one-sided story when Russell publishes another Booky Wook. Will you buy the Katy Perry autobiography? Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Katy Perry | Leave a comment Emilia Clarke Isnt Worried About Broadway Nudity Posted on March 13, 2013 by admin Emilia Clarke is laughing off reports that her nude scenes in Breakfast at Tiffanys have hordes of theatergoers snapping photos of her. Game of Thrones star Clarke stars as Holly Golightly in the new Broadway production and reports have been coming in that a scene in the play in which a nude Clarke gets into a bathtub with her co-star, Cory Michael Smith , has audience members whipping out their camera phones to get photos of the actress. But Emilia Clarke has played down the reports, saying, Its really not quite as exciting as people are making out It hasnt happened, there really hasnt been that many people taking photos of us in the tub Clarke adds Theres just no need. They could go on YouTube and see Game of Thrones and they would see more than they would ever see in the bath. Even the actresses parents cant understand what all the fuss is about. Emilia Clarke adds: When they saw the bath scene they were just like, Whats all the fuss about? Its not a big deal, theyve seen it all before My mum sees it and is very cool and fine with it and my dad just kind of avoids eye contact for a couple of hours after hes seen it, and then its fine. Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Theatre | Leave a comment Rihanna Got a Tattoo of a Gun After Chris Brown Assault Posted on March 13, 2013 by admin After Chris Brown assaulted her in 2009, Rihanna had a gun tattooed on her arm to remind her to stay strong during the resulting media furor. A month following the now infamous assault, Rihanna got her firearm tattoo and shes now revealed the personal meaning behind it. She tells British Elle magazine, Everybody wanted to know what was happening in my life (at the time). Is she a drug addict? No. Is she an alcoholic? No. Is she a victim? No. Thats when I got the gun. It was a symbol of strength  it was Ill never be a victim! I had all these eyes on me, critic after critic after critic. Id heard so many things I was kind of numb to it. I wonder if the gun still means the same things to Rihanna now that shes back with Chris Brown Posted in Celbrity Couples , Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Rihanna | Leave a comment Tina Fey Used Fast Food as Motivation for Sex Scenes Posted on March 13, 2013 by admin  Tina Fey has an interesting way to motivate herself for movie sex scenes: promising herself and her crew fast food for getting through them! In the upcoming film Admission , Fey plays a college admissions officer whose love interest is played by This is 40 star Paul Rudd . The two had to shoot a love scene and Fey came up with a very Liz Lemon-esque way to get herself through it. Tina Fey tells People magazine, It was a terrifying nightmare. To clarify how much I like this stuff: I had a long-standing agreement with my hair and makeup people that when we shot the last romantic scene, wed get McDonalds. Thats what kept me going. Tina Fey  continues  My goal was to get through the scenes without apologising, like, Its all going to be fine, and then Ill get a double fish filet. Then I got one and immediately regretted it. Yeah, thats what happens when you eat McDonalds, it always seems liek a good idea and it ends very badly. Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Tina Fey | Leave a comment Nine Inch Nails Are Going on Tour! Posted on March 13, 2013 by admin Awesome news! Trent Reznor has announced that Nine Inch Nails will be reuniting to tour this year!! See the announcement below: NOTE FROM TRENT: Nine Inch Nails are touring this year. I was working with Adrian Belew on some musical ideas, which led to some discussion on performing, which led to some beard-scratching, which (many steps later) led to the decision to re-think the idea of what Nine Inch Nails could be, and the idea of playing a show. Calls were made to some friends, lots of new ideas were discussed, and a show was booked – which led to another, which somehow led to a lot of shows. The band is reinventing itself from scratch and will be comprised of Eric Avery, Adrian Belew, Alessandro Cortini, Josh Eustis, Ilan Rubin, and me. The first shows will begin this summer, followed by a full-on arena tour of the US this fall, and lots of other dates worldwide to follow through 2014. Lots of details and dates to come. See you soon. TR This is such great news! Ive been a Nine Inch Nails fan for years and now Ill have the chance to see them live! Posted in Celebrity Gossip , Celebrity News , Celebrity Photos , Music | Leave a comment  Older posts  Search for: Stay Up to Date Email: Powered by Categories Adele American Idol Amy Poehler Angelina Jolie Anne Hathaway Art Awards Azealia Banks Benedict Cumberbatch Beyonce Blake Lively Britney Spears Casting News Celbrity Couples Celebrity Babies Celebrity Deaths Celebrity Feuds Celebrity Gossip Celebrity Legal Drama Celebrity News Celebrity Photos Celebrity Scandal Charlize Theron Daniel Radcliffe Emma Stone Emma Watson Fashion Florence + The Machine Florence Welch Game of Thrones Girls Glee Harry Potter James Franco Jennifer Lawrence Jersey Shore Jessie J Justin Bieber Kanye West Katie Holmes Katy Perry Kim Kardashian Kristen Stewart Lady GaGa Lana Del Rey Lea Michele Lena Dunham Lindsay Lohan LISTEN TO THIS Madonna Michael Fassbender Mila Kunis Miley Cyrus Movie Trailers Movies Music Music Video MUST WATCH Nicki Minaj NSFW One Direction Rihanna Robert Pattinson Ryan Gosling Sarah Jessica Parker Sarah Michelle Gellar Saturday Night Live Taylor Swift The Hunger Games Theatre Tina Fey Tom Cruise True Blood TV Twilight Whitney Houston [if IE 6]>jQuery('.nrelate_default').removeClass('nrelate_default');