 Skip to search.  New User? Register Sign In Help Get new Yahoo! Mail apps Notifications Help Mail My Y! Yahoo!  Yahoo! Directory  Search Search Web  France  Paris  Entertainment and Arts Email this page Suggest a Site Advanced Search Directory  Regional  Countries  France  Regions  Ile-de-France  Departments  Paris  Entertainment and Arts  CATEGORIES ( What's This? ) Amusement and Theme Parks@ Architecture (20) Artists (6) Bars, Pubs, and Clubs (11) Dance (1) Events (10) Literature (5) Movies and Film (1) Museums and Exhibits (34) Music (17) Opera (1) Organizations (3) Photography (3) Points of Interest@ Radio@ Restaurants (35) Shopping and Services@ Television@ Theater (3) Venues (2) POPULAR SITES CitÃÂÃÂ© des Sciences et de l'Industrie Museum and science center including exhibits, a conference hall, interactive media, and learning experiences. www.cite-sciences.fr MusÃÂÃÂ©e Rodin Presents the sculptures and drawings of the artist, Auguste Rodin. Also in French. www.musee-rodin.fr Palais de Tokyo Contemporary art museum. www.palaisdetokyo.com Salon du Livre Paris Annual March event dedicated to the book trade. www.salondulivreparis.com Opera National de Paris Season programs for the Palais Garnier and the Opera Bastille as well as booking information. www.operadeparis.fr Henri Cartier-Bresson Foundation Paris-based organization founded by Cartier-Bresson to preserve his collection of photographs, to encourage scholarly research into the collection, and to operate a grant program supporting new photography projects. www.henricartierbresson.org Maison Europeenne de la Photographie Highlights current events, exhibitions, and the Maison itself. www.mep-fr.org Opera National de Paris Season calendar, reservations, and other information for the opera and ballet, including overviews of the Palais Garnier and the OpÃÂÃÂ©ra Bastille. www.opera-de-paris.fr Cimetiere du Pere Lachaise Historical cemetery includes the tombs of Jim Morrison and famous French citizens. Features a virtual tour and panoramas. Also in French. www.pere-lachaise.com MusÃÂÃÂ©e National des Arts Asiatiques Guimet Guimet National Museum. Includes information on the museum, the Buddhist Pantheon, the MusÃÂÃÂ©e d'Ennery, what goes on behind the scenes, and international and scientific activities. Located in Paris, France. www.museeguimet.fr MusÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ©e Marmottan Monet Contains the world's largest collection of paintings by Claude Monet, as well as works by his friends and contemporaries. Also features a group of illuminated manuscripts from the 12th to the 15th centuries. www.marmottan.com Observatoire de Paris www.obspm.fr Eiffel Tower (11) dir.yahoo.com/.../Buildings_and_Monuments/Eiffel_Tower Batofar, Le Nightclub featuring techno, experimental videos, and more. www.batofar.org Sacre Coeur Basilica (2) dir.yahoo.com/.../Catholic/Sacre_Coeur_Basilica Elysee Montmartre Landmark of Parisian nightlife featuring concerts, stage shows, fashion shows, and more. Also in French. www.elyseemontmartre.com MusÃÂÃÂ©e Maillol Created by Fondation Dina Vierny to present Maillol's sculptures and paintings, as well as her collection of modern and contemporary art. www.museemaillol.com Festival D'Automne a Paris Official site of the event that celebrates theater, dance, music, cinema, and visual arts. In French. www.festival-automne.com Renzo Piano Building Workshop Allowing students of architecture the benefit of educational training through immersion and direct experience. www.rpbw.com Divan Du Monde, Le Offers eclectic programming that has originality and novelty as its hallmark. In French. www.divandumonde.com  Help us improve the Yahoo! Directory - Share your ideas 