  Home Services Auto Repair Diesel Repair Tires Specials  Coupons Testimonials NAPA Warranty Car Care Tips  Clinics Videos Automotive Maintenance Tips Gas Saving Tips Contact Us Blog Once again you all have been a great service to us with car issues......job well done !! Morris My repair was done promptly and correctly. Andro even used his "not too expensive" magic wand this time! Mike After bringing an annoying problem in our electrical system to you, the problem was fixed quickly and inexpensively. Thank you for your excellent service. George  Virginia I appreciated the prompt way my car was attended to and the courtesy of your employees. Sharon The workers are all nice and helpful. I never feel like I am being taken advantage of and all work that has been done on the car is done with care. Anna As a Napa Auto Care Center, we employ ASE Certified Technicians to perform comprehensive Auto Repair and Preventive Maintenance in Reno  Sparks for all foreign and domestic vehicles. Our primary mission is to provide our clients with peace of mind while operating their vehicles. By caring for each vehicle like it is our own, we will provide honest, fairly priced, high quality maintenance and repairs that will allow the vehicle to operate reliably and efficiently. Our customers will know more about their vehicles operating condition than customers of any other auto repair shop in Reno, Sparks, Fallon, Carson City, and Northern Nevada. Waynes Auto Center USA Info@PegasusOnlineMarketing.com How to Resolve Auto Repairs Not Done Correctly in Reno Posted on August 21, 2013 How to Resolve Auto Repairs Not Done Correctly in Reno Have you ever had your car repaired and left the auto shop unhappy with the work performed? If you ever find yourself in this situation, here are tips on how to handle the situation.  According to an article at repairjungle.com, Not Happy with Your Auto Repair  Continue Reading Tips that You May Have a Serious Auto Repair in Reno Posted on August 20, 2013 Tips that You May Have a Serious Auto Repair in Reno Even if you stick to a routine auto maintenance schedule there are those times out of the blue when unexpected repairs arise. Learn when you may have a serious auto repair on your hands. According to an article at bncautocare.com, “Common Auto Problems “Obviously,  Continue Reading Looking for a Trustworthy Auto Repair Shop Posted on August 17, 2013 Looking for a Trustworthy Auto Repair Shop Are you having trouble finding a good auto repair shop? Here are some helpful tips that you can ask a reputable auto repair shop. According to an article at abcnews.go.com, Car Repairs “Written estimates required: Most states require mechanics to give you a written estimate. Insist on it.  Continue Reading Do You Need to Get Your Brakes Replaced in Reno? Posted on August 16, 2013 Do You Need to Get Your Brakes Replaced in Reno? Did you know that august is brake awareness month? Can you remember that last time you had a professional mechanic inspect your vehicle? According to an article at motorist.org, “Brake Safety Auto Tips” “Lets talk a little bit about Brakes: At 30 mph it takes  Continue Reading Auto Care Tire Tips in Reno Posted on August 14, 2013 Auto Care Tire Tips in Reno Vehicle performance and safety is the key to prolonging the life of your vehicle. So, let’s talk auto care when it comes to your tires. Have they been inspected lately?   According to an article at easyarticlesubmit.com, Need New Tires “The performance of your car tires is not only critical  Continue Reading Auto Tips for the Last Minute Road Trip in Reno Posted on August 10, 2013 Auto Tips for the Last Minute Road Trip in Reno Planning a last minute road trip before the kids go back to school? Before you start your road trip adventure here are auto care tips that will save you gas while on the road. According to an article at bankrate.com, “Road Trip Gas Saving Tips  Continue Reading Auto Care Services in Reno Nevada Posted on August 9, 2013 Auto Care Services in Reno Nevada Can you even remember the last time your vehicle had a tune-up? Here are auto tips that help you determine that it’s time to take your vehicle in for auto maintenance. According to an article at econonb.com, When to Get Auto Care Service “Is your car telling you that it  Continue Reading Searching for an Auto Repair Shop in Reno Posted on August 7, 2013 Searching for an Auto Repair Shop in Reno Do you have an auto repair shop that you use consistently? If you’re not sure what to look for in an auto shop, here are tips to make the process easier.   According to an article at ehow.com, “Auto Repair Shops “Get referrals from family, friends and  Continue Reading The Importance of Regular Auto Service in Reno Posted on August 2, 2013 The Importance of Regular Auto Service in Reno Do you know how you can save money on auto maintenance? Here are auto maintenance service tips that can help prolong the life of your vehicle. According to an article at articlesbase.com, Important Auto Repair Tips “Follow the regular maintenance interval provided in the cars manual instead—unless of  Continue Reading Routine Auto Repair in Reno Posted on August 1, 2013 Routine Auto Repair in Reno Are having problems with your vehicle lately? Did you consider that maybe your vehicle is due for tune-up?  According to an article at articlesbase.com, “The Importance of Auto Repairs “Does your car break down frequently, even though it is not a very old purchase? This problem is quite common, so  Continue Reading  Older posts 95 Glen Carran Cir Sparks, NV 89431 (775) 525-9366 Monday-Friday 7:30am - 5:30pm  Go To Top Copyright 2013 Wayne's Auto Center 