 Search by Author, Title or Content Article Content Author Name Article Title Home Submit Articles Author Guidelines Publisher Guidelines Content Feeds RSS Feeds FAQ Contact Us  ParkourMoves - Parkour Training. Is This Martial Art? by Mike Tomich in Entertainment / Humor (submitted 2012-03-26) Parkour Moves happen from Parkour Training with the intention of obstacle avoidance in the natural territory. Can you execute Parkour as a Martial Art? What exclusive abilities does a Parkour expert bring to the martial arts? Will a Parkour professional defeat aAikido Martial Artist? Can Chuck Norris beat Bruce Leein a conflict? These are troublesome questions. Just as you have two well-defined martial arts sparring styles, you have to look at the fundamentals of each, and conclude how they execute to each other. What is Parkour? Parkour is an vigorous technique with involving activity through an territory by free style running, jumping, climbing, rolling and vaulting. Just as merged with wrestling techniques, it then becomes a martial art. Where Capoeira come forward from secret actions in a dancing backdrop, Parkour come forths from man's everyday abilities as an athlete in a native environment. You can call it freeform. You can call it commonplace form. You can call it the mixed martial arts ofstyle. There is a well-foundedapproximation between Parkour and Ninjutsu. Ninjutsu involves irregular combat, of which activeis is a largemeasure. A Parkour pro would have a well-founded qualification toperform ninja activities, along with some martial arts training. Ninjutsu is alsoanalogous to Parkour, given the benefit of it not having a distinct accepted technique. Bruce Lee first learned Jujitsu, and went on tolearn many distinctive forms and patterns. At one point, Bruce Lee classified a technique he called Jeet Kune. This style is a style without a style. There are no rules, apart from to besure to yourself. The martial art come forths from within and is an expression of the person. A style, free of a pattern. Sound familiar. Bruce Lee would have hadamusement carry out Parkour moves. Whereas you see Jackie Chan, you can also see Parkour moves. Parkour has many similarities with Jeet Kune Do. If you go to a few of Parkour instructors, you will become versed a number of basics of the sport. The main idea, Parkour issituated on your abilities and your originality in how you work on it. Light Kung Fu has its origins in Qigong. Qigong is inclusive of the fundamental foundation of Kung Fu. There issurface Kung Fu, which is implied in the elemental activities of Kung Fu techniques. Qigong is furtherinvolved in the internal fortitude of a Kung Fu martial artist. This involves respiratory techniques, mastery and exercise of Chi. A Light Kung Fu martial artist uses both inner and outer Kung Fu to achieve power, form, and competence toinstitute his moves. You can call this a morewell-rounded approach to boxing. Parkour is more animal in its approach. You are allowing your bodygovern what it intrinsically knows it can do, and carry out. Now we have a dynamic that alternates between conscious and subconscious movements. In Light Kung Fu you have an inner detail that allows you to perform some surprising actions, which you would not be able to do, positioned totally on consciousintellect. There are a number of Parkour actions that would not be possible with only the conscious mind at work. There must be some inner subconscious activity which permits the Parkour martial artist to acquire these awesome actions. A very real argument can be formed that the Tae kwon do martial artist would beat a Parkour contender, based on the development of Kendo fighting skills. This raises even moreengrossing questions. Whatclass of martial artist do you get just as a Parkour guru trains in Mixed Martial Arts or Jeet Kune Do? What do youguess? About the Author If you are interested in learning more about Parkour Martial Arts, Light Kung Fu, Karate, Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, Jet Li, Chuck Norris, and other martial artists, and martial arts styles, visit http://www.websearchreviews.com for good martial arts information and articles. Click here to view. Use and distribution of this article is subject to our Publisher Guidelines whereby the original author's information and copyright must be included. Mike Tomich  RSS Feed Report Article Publish Article Print Article Add to Favorites Article Directory About FAQ Contact Us Advanced Search Privacy Statement Disclaimer GoArticles.com  2013, All Rights Reserved. 