 An Examination of Children'sBooks and Picture Books Children'sLiterature and Books Home Home  Enter your searchterms  Web www.zeluna.net Submitsearch form Picture Book Reviews Chirs Van Allsburg " Zathura " William Steig " Sylvesterand the Magic Pebble " " DoctorDe Soto " TeddArnold " NoJumping on the Bed " Jon JMuth " Zen Shorts " Ezra Jack Keats " The Trip " " A Letterfor Amy " " Goggles " Robert McCloskey " Makeway for Ducklings " " Blueberry'sfor Sal " " ATime of Wonder " MollyBang " Goose " Margaret Bloy Graham "Harryby the Sea" Vladyana Krykarka " APromise is a Promise " Gerald McDermott " Raven " Simon James " TheBirdwatchers " Faith Ringgold " Tar Beach " Analysis of Picture Books, for thevery young Understanding Picture BookLanguage Therehas been a great debate within the realm of children's literature as tothefunction of picture books, for although many presume that the functionofpicture in picture books is to help children to read this is not aproperfunction. There is after all some evidence that pictures only distracta childfrom the words, making it harder for them to learn how to read. Tofurthercomplicate things pictures are themselves complicated and multilayer inmeaning. Nodleman in his book "Words About Pictures" pointed out thatnot only do the meanings of pictures change but the ability to see themvaries fromculture to culture. It haslong beenknown by those who study cultures, that those pictures which seemsclear to onegroup may be confusing to another. Goodnewand Levine (1973) for example found that composition and the waycomposition isseen varies from culture to culture. Much of the way pictures are seendependson the way in which the people of a culture read and write. Childrenhoweverare unable to read or write so how they view pictures would be vastlydifferentfrom the way the most skilled artists create them. Further many of theillusions we see are a result of learning and education. Deregowski(1972)found that people without formal schooling where often unable to seetheillusionary and perspective effects within pictures. Forall these reasons it is presumed then that seeing pictures is a learnedabilityand so what they do for children is minimal. However Jon M Kennedy in APsychology of Picture Perception showed that even animals can recognizevariouspictures, and they did not learn such traits such things where inbornintothem. Deregowski (1972) found in studies that people from any culturecouldinterpret many pictures with enough thought, again showing that thisability isat least inborn in us. So why is it people from different cultures havetroubleunderstanding pictures? Inpsycholinguistics researchers have found that many of the aspects whichallowus to speak all languages are wired into our brains from birth. Howeverwas wenever hear the phonemes from a language these are lost as the ones fromthelanguages we do hear grow larger.Like language the ability tounderstandvisual stimulus such as the pictures within a picture book is partly inborn,however like the phonemes of a language never heard this understandingcan belost or altered. For example in other studies psychologists found thatif a kittenwas prevented from seeing vertical lines it would loose the ability toseethese (Blakemore and Cooper 1970) The kittens who never saw verticallines thenwould run into vertical objects such as bars, as they could not seethese. So it is with pictures, whena persons brainis exposed to pictures they develop the ability to see such picturesproperly.Picture books in this way can be though of as a language, a means bywhich toteach children to be able to see pictures, and to expand their abilityto doso.The function of picture books for this reason can bethought of as away to teach children the language of art, and illustration. In manyways oursociety uses this language as extensively as verbal languages, frominstructional videos to magazine layouts and the internet,we utilize visualcues in order to gain a better understanding of things faster, and tohelp makelife more enjoyable. Ofcourse much of the understanding of pictures does come fairly quickly,likesign language children can learn visual languages faster then spoken orwrittenlanguages. After all larger portions of our brain are devoted tointerpretingvisual stimulus and so we can come to interpret these more quickly. Forthisreason children respond almost instantly to picture books, because asvisualcreatures picture books speak to us on a very basic level. Further forveryyoung children picture books can offer new tactile sensations, as willas the opportunityto have their parents discuss pictures with them. Such discussions arehelpfulto the young childs development as it has been found thatchildren who whereread to more have better language skills on entering preschool. Picturebookstherefore are a means by which parents can discuss visuals with a childin ameaningful and easy to understand way, even as the child learns bothstoryelements and the visual language of art. Thisis important because much a persons intelligence is developed beforethe age of8, and even the youngest children's brains are growing and makingdeterminations about the world around them. One should therefore verythechild's experiences while also giving them lots of social anddiscussion time. Itcan be said the function of pictures in picture books are much the sameas thefunction of text, to provide the child an opportunity to learn thevisuallanguage. Also pictures provide parents a point of interestingdiscussion withthe child, what is often forgotten with picture books is that beforethe childcan read they are not the reader of the picture book or the primaryinterpreter, their parents, teachers, older siblings, etc are theprimaryreaders. These people discuss the pictures in a picture book with thechild andso the child is able to understand the pictures better then one would think they should. Onething that keeps children from developing an interest in picture booksis thatfor many adults picture books can be boring despite the fact that theyprovidesocial time with their child, after all children are amused by some ofthestrangest things in the books, and love the repetitions in the book, orinreading a book over and over again. Parents however should keep in mindthat itis repetitiveness and interest which help to drive a childslearning. Suchpotential boredom with picture books helps to bring up anotherimportant pointabout them, this is that high quality picture books should also providesomeinterest for those who are older then children as will. After all muchof thegreatest entertainment for children is actually family entertainment.Movieshave already discovered this, and so many of these such as "FindingNemo" have many variables in meaning, as while as artwork which wouldappeal to anyone. So although picture books need to appeal to children,havingstory points they can understand and pictures they would love, theyshould alsobe geared towards others, with story points for older people andpicturesnearly anyone would like. For picture books are read to children, andso thesestories impact and are impacted by older brothers reading to littlesisters,aunts reading to nephews, fathers reading to sons, and preschoolteachersreading to a dozen children. Thisunderstanding that picture books are often read to children brings upanotherreason that childrens literature is so often picture books.This is that thosereading picture books often do not like to read long stories, howeverthe storyhas to be full in order to capture and keep their attention and buildtheliterary intelligence of the child. A picture provides a means to addmoreinformation with out having to add a lot of text, because once a childlearnsto understand the visual language they will be able to seedescriptions,events, ideas, emotions, and more in the illustrations of the picturebook. Greatpicture books are those which speak to both parents and children. Thisisbecause one of the main reasons children dont learn to loveliterature is thata parent might get bored reading a picture books. Picture books thenare notfor young children so much as they are for people within groups. Thegreatmovies for children have discovered this as will, thus the reason forcompanieslike Pixars great success. Many picture books have learnedto tell stories toadults as well, through their imagery and their beautiful interplay oftext andpictures these stories have become fun for adults as well. Picturebooks speak to the audience very differently for other literature, forwhilemost literature is limited to only words to tell stories, picture bookutilize images.In our society pictures, and visual cues have become another language,onewhich we all know surprisingly well, even when we arentthinking about it.This is the interesting thing about illustrations, that often timesthey tell astory without the person reading them knowing it. Some have presumedthat thefact that they are not aware of what critics and visual theorists saymakesthese things unimportant, or untrue. However the difference between agoodpicture book and a poor one often hinges on the way the pictures tell astorymany people are not overtly aware of. Theillustrations in picture books have many methods of telling stories, agoodexample of howpicture books tellstories is found in the Wiesners 2007 Caldecott winnerFloatsom. Wiesner haswon three Caldecotts, two for wordless picture books. Having no text inthepicture book makes it much easier to see and understand the way inwhich theillustrations are communicating to the readers, and with a master likeWiesnerone sees how this is done well. InFloatsom Wiesner tells much of the story through sequence, within thepicturebook sequence is very important to meaning, because as humans we areskilled atwatching visual events unfold in order to understand a story. As theprotagonistof the picture book becomes excited to get pictures developed thenumber ofpictures in the sequence increases to build energy. The hand off of thefilm tothe girl working at the counter requires two pictures, by showing herlessinterested in the second picture Wiesner has given the viewer the opportunity to contrast thetwo character, hisinterest, passion, and excitement, verse her more jaded outlook onlife. Asthis story is about discovering wonder this contrast is important totheoverall message and theme of the picture book. Then as the maincharacter waitsfor film to be developed Wiesner uses multiple pictures of the sameshot,letting the viewers see the passage of time. InBlue Berries for Sal McCloskey illustrates asequence of events regarding thehuman mother and her daughter Sal. McCloskey then illustrates the samesequenceof events with the bears. Textually what each says is fairly different,thoughboth are coming to gather blue berries for the winter, the bears andhumanshave drastically different thoughts about how to go about this. Thetext inthis case supports and divides the illustrations, allowing theviewers/readersof the picture book to see the connection between the charactersquickly. Whileallowing for a more direct understanding of the contrast between andrelationshipbetween their lives and ideas. The matched sequence inMcCloskeys story alsolets the reader know that these two sets of characters are going tomeet up. Sowith a simple sequence McCloskey has provided his simple story withforeshadowing as will as with additional thoughts to ponder. Compositionof the Illustration Partof what makes McCloskeys sequence of drawings work so wellis the compositionof the pictures which he draws. He has the mom and the girl walkingfrom pageleft to right while he also has the bears walking from page right toleft. Thislets us know that these two are heading towards each other. Furtherwhen eachset of characters is headed home they head back the way they came,allowing theviewers to visually know that they are leaving the meeting world, theplacewhere humans and nature come together for food and going back to theplace theycame from. Thepicture book Owl Moon illustrated by John Schoenherr utilizescomposition for asimilar purpose, allowing the readers to see the characters moving intothewoods, and seeing them walk home. It is interesting to note howeverthat whenthe protagonists of the story finally do get to spot an owl they spotit in thesame direction home is. By having the characters face home rather thenthewilderness Schoenherr is drawing in the connection between the force ofnatureand the humans in its realm. This is done quickly so that there can beonly afew pictures of the owl itself, in order to build anticipation for themomentthey see the owl. The Owl Moon also utilizes broad negative space toboth adenergy to the figures and to make the background as still as it wouldbe on themoonlit night in which the story takes place. Sendakutilizes composition in his master piece Where the WildThings Are. This booktells the story of a boy as he heads out into the wild of his mind. Ashisfantasy grows and grows the pictures within the book grow larger andlarger,then as the boy (Max) leaves his imaginary world to return home thepicturesgrow smaller and smaller. The story in this way tells both of the vastsize ofthe mind and the intimacy of home. Something that is reinforced by thefactthat dinner is waiting for Max on his return home. Distanceof the characters TheOwl Moon like so many other picture books also utilizes apparentdistance fromobjects and characters as a means of telling the story. In this picturebookthe figures draw closer and closer as they enter and ultimately connectwithnature by calling out for the owl. When the owl doesnt come,and after itleaves the apparent distance from the characters grows larger. In thisbookthen we are lead to understand that the father and child grow closer toeachother as they grow closer to nature. MollyBang in her picture book Goose does somethingsimilar, though in her bookdistance is meant to show the depression and isolation of being alone,and thejoy of being with and returning to ones family. In KrykarkasA Promise is aPromise Distance is used in a different way with the pushingin close to thecharacters representing fear, much as with would in film. This closerproximityto the characters draws viewers into their fear and so heightens thesense ofdanger and tension. McCloskeyin Make Way for Ducklings utilizes distance as ameans of giving details,letting the viewers see the a bike headed for the ducklings before theydo,then showing the readers the bike nearly hitting them up close in orderto pullthe viewers into the sense of danger the mother duckling feels at thatmoment. Stylein the Picture Book Oneof the first things that readers of picture books will notice is thestyle ofart the illustrator chose to utilize in creating the book. Style is averyimportant aspect of the story, altering its mood greatly. The black andwhitestippling work done by Van Alsburg in Zathura is reminiscent oftelevisionfuzz, a left over form the big bang. This lets the reader knowimmediately onreading t5he title that this is a science fiction style book.Whats more the storyseems to call back to the begging for wisdom. In this case this is thatoneshould be nice to their little brothers. This is seemingly in contrastwith BanAllsburgs similar tale Jumangi, which has smooth highlyrendered graphitedrawings. These drawings are so realistic in the Western Artisticunderstandingthat they become surreal. This stories visual style along with theotherelements of the picture book seems to say that one should be carefulnot to lettheir dreams take control of them. At the same time by not showing thefaces ofany adults in the book Van Allsburg makes the story a privet dream forchildren. Insome senses the meaning of Jumangi and Zathura are similar, in Zathurahoweverthe older brother learns that his younger brothers dreams will impacthim evenif the he ignores the younger brother. This picture book then is aboutimagining along with those close to you. Ina very different style of picture book Knuffle BunnyToo by Mo Williams, thereader is treated to drawings that allude to the Saturday morningcartoon,helping to insure that this picture book will be light hearted, fun,and funny.  BestPicture Books Best Fantasy Picture Books  