 28 | Aug | 2013 Auckland 16° 10° N North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia/Russell Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Wanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport TVNZ News Weather TV Shows Channels TV Guide TVNZ Ondemand Sign In / Register  Editor's Pick The Middle Series 4, Episode 6 Halloween 3: The Driving 26 Aug 13 00:20:16 Top Shows America's Cup 2013 Arrow Body Of Proof Castle Coronation Street Devious Maids Good Morning Grey's Anatomy Home and Away The Man With The World's Biggest Testicles Masterchef Australia The Mentalist Mitre 10 Dream Home Mr Selfridge Scandal Seven Sharp Shortland Street All TV Shows TV ONE TV2 U- Freeview 6 and Sky 16 TVNZ Heartland Kidzone24 tvnz.co.nz ONE News Live Stream: Seven Sharp Studio Cam Live Stream: Seven Sharp Live Stream: Breakfast Live Stream: ONE News at 6pm Live Stream: Te Karere Live Stream: ONE News at Midday Twitter Facebook | Follow us Contact ONE News Video NZ News World Sport America's Cup Business Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Technology News Shows 20/20 Breakfast Fair Go Q+A Seven Sharp Sunday Te Karere  Entertainment News    Lady Gaga has made Perez Hilton 'sad' Perez Hilton says Lady Gaga's behaviour towards him has left himfull of "sadness". Related: Lady Gaga blasts Perez Hilton for 'stalking' her  Madonna top-earning celebrity, trumping Oprah, Spielberg Madonna raked in an estimated $125 million in the past year. Desperate or awesome? Celebs react to Miley Cyrus' VMA show Celebrities have had plenty to say about Miley Cyrus' MTV VMAs performance. video Playing Steve Jobs a 'big responsibility' - Ashton Kutcher Ashton Kutcher says he tried to portray Steve Jobs in the film about his life as honestly video Rough night for One Direction at VMAs The boy band won best song of summer, but were were booed by the crowd at the MTV Video  Playing Steve Jobs a 'huge responsibility' - Kutcher Entertainment News Video Playing Steve Jobs a 'huge responsibility' - Kutcher (3:39) Stars turn out for MTV VMAs (2:01) NSync reunite for 2013 VMAs (0:56) Miley performs risqué version of Blurred Lines (1:11) Eyecandy: How not to use a digger (2:09) More News Video… rss Entertainment News 20:57 Lady Gaga has made Perez Hilton 'sad' Madonna top-earning celebrity, trumping Oprah, Spielberg Playing Steve Jobs a 'big responsibility' - Ashton Kutcher video Desperate or awesome? Celebs react to Miley Cyrus' VMA show video Rough night for One Direction at VMAs Justin Timberlake wins big at MTV VMAs as 'N Sync reunites video Michael Douglas to announce divorce - reports Second Springsteen concert being negotiated Khloe Kardashian hits back at rumours Breaking Bad star receives death threats Britney Spears' producer new American Idol judge Katy Perry not allowed to perform on Brooklyn Bridge Lady Gaga hacked off with computer geeks Singer Linda Ronstadt diagnosed with Parkinson's disease Former co-star 'very proud' of Wentworth Miller New season of New Zealand's Got Talent to launch next month Las Vegas on edge ahead of new poker film Baby girl for Alec and Hilaria Baldwin Thousands sign anti-Affleck petition after Batman announcement Kanye West reveals first picture of baby North 1D's Zayn 'never been more happy' after engagement Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie finalise wedding plans Ben Affleck named as new Batman Kanye West calls baby daughter his 'joy' American idol wants Justin Bieber's manager View all Entertainment News TVNZ Ondemand Arrow Series 1, Episode 17 The Huntress Returns 00:40:38 22 Aug 13  Arrow Series 1, Episode 16 Dead To Rights 00:39:42 15 Aug 13  Arrow Series 1, Episode 15 Dodger 00:40:18 08 Aug 13 View all shows... DVDs Perfect DVD for Fathers’ Day Country Calendar Goes Fishing is a special collection of tantalising tales from the fishing world - the perfect gift for Dad! Celebrity Interviews    The cast of Body of Proof (5:23) 10:30PM Thu July 18, 2013   Extended Interview: Bruno Mars (16:00) 7:00PM Wed April 10, 2013   Meet Michael Kiwanuka (2:50) 8:06PM Fri April 05, 2013   Greg meets Carlos Santana (3:01) 7:58PM Mon March 18, 2013   The story of ‘Sugarman’ (4:01) 8:18PM Fri March 15, 2013 Advertisement The week's best web videos   Eyecandy: How not to use a digger (2:09) The best/worst viral videos of the week with Tim Wilson. View all The week's best web videos Movie Reviews The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones: Movie Review The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones review is here. Kick Ass 2: Movie Review Here comes the sequel to Kick Ass. Elysium: Movie Review Matt Damon stars in Elysium. We're The Millers: Movie Review Get the review of the road trip comedy here. Stoker: Movie Review Review of Stoker, the new thriller from the director of Oldboy. The Way, Way Back: Movie Review The coming of age genre gets a shot in the arm with The Way WayBack. Pain and Gain: Movie Review Three body builders, one kidnapping. What could go wrong? Byzantium: Movie Review Vampires and Neil Jordan - it's Byzantium. Now You See Me: Movie Review Is it magic? Find out in the review Only God Forgives: Movie Review Ryan Gosling returns The Wolverine: Movie Review Hugh Jackman returns as the Wolverine. View all Movie Reviews Get the Ondemand app TVNZ Ondemand on the go is here We've launched an app to give you TVNZ Ondemand on your iPad and iPhone. Find out how to get it. How do you want your news? | Facebook Join the debate and get the latest updates from ONE News. | Twitter Rolling Stories and updates from the ONE News team. | Mobile Devices ONE News is available on iPhone, iPad, and as a mobile site. Email Newsletter Sign up to get the news delivered direct to your inbox. Copyright © 2013, Television New Zealand Limited. Breaking and Daily News, Sport  Weather | TV ONE, TV2 | Ondemand About TVNZ About TVNZ Media Releases Publications Careers TVNZ Advertising TVNZ Licensing Blacksand TVNZ Access Services Contact Us Shop.TVNZ TVNZ News Latest News News Video NZ News Business News Sports News Weather Forecast Entertainment News World Political News Travel News ONE News Ondemand Technology News Lifestyle News Report to ONE News TVNZ Entertainment Watch full episodes TVNZ Shows A-Z TV ONE TV2 U TVNZ Heartland Kidzone24 Full TV guide Shortland Street Good Morning New Zealand's Got Talent Mitre 10 Dream Home TVNZ Ondemand FAQ Lifestyle TVNZ Recipes Streaming speed test TVNZ.co.nz About TVNZ FAQs Contact Us Terms of Use Competition Terms  Conditions Privacy Policy House Rules TV Advertising Online Advertising SiteCatalyst code version: H.21.Copyright 1996-2010 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com 