  THE SECRET LIVES OF THE UNDERGROUND August 26th, 2013 Were in full production on a project that well be talking so much more about in a few weeks, but for now, well show you a little sumpn we know youd dig We love it when a plan comes together. In this case, we had heard photographer Dylan Maddux was back in Sucker Free for a few weeks from his perch in Cambodia. We also knew we wanted to shoot Tyler Pullen s grey 54 Chebby (the original customer told TP that he wanted the coupe painted grey, so Tyler did what you see above). On top of that, we got the chance to work with Olivia Dantes . And when Tyler said hed bring us to this secret location, we knew we had something good on our hands. Now, we had heard about an abandoned warehouse in the San Francisco Bay Area that doubles as a graff nation historical landmark years ago, but we never gave it much thought. So, when Tyler told us that hed taken a few of his bitchin customs to a certain warehouse that was all tagged up, we were ALL IN. In Japan, theres a temple that features a long hall with the full bodysuit-tattooed skins of its long-gone members framed on its walls. Point is, theres a long history of buildings that feature the art of the cultures they were built amid over the course of human history and this one is no different. While Dylan was shooting, we found tags dated back as far as the early Eighties – which, if you think about it, aint really all that long agobut were talking about modern urban graffiti, here. Those early (in graff nation terms) tags were created in the first days of Hip Hop, when artists – musical and otherwise – werent given the respect they command these days, in the light of classic roots history. They probably had no idea that, 30 years later, Adidas would run multi-million dollar spots during the VMAs on cable TV featuring RUN DMC as old men, still rocking the early, crude Hip Hop aesthetics as retro-cool to kids who cant imagine a world with pagers and 30 D cell battery-powered ghetto blasters or without Instagram or video screens hanging from the ceilings of their moms minivans. But, here we were, just amazed by the sheer volume of art on nearly every square inch of the interior of this long-abandoned warehouse – and not only that, but the decades of undisturbed art history. Sure, the taggers who found out we were there were far from enthused by our presence, but fuck it – Tylers work is no less important and, in the spirit of truly free art, has just as much right to temporarily occupy this hallowed, underground space. We all bleed for our art – whether its 200 hours of painstakingly masked and measured panels on a 54 Chevy or hanging 200 feet above a concrete floor to reach virgin rafter space with an aerosol can. Its all art and this shit is important. More stories to come Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Art , Bring It Back , Builders , Culture , History  | No Comments  OUT OF THE OFFICE August 20th, 2013 Yeah, we know it looks like were on vacation, but even when were at the cabin, were still working. Well slip you some juicy shots of what were up to as we crank away on this project, but for now, were pulling the plug on the swamp cooler and locking up the shop as we hit the road for a series of photo shoots. Stay tuned! Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Art , Culture  | No Comments  WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE August 15th, 2013 art: John Bell Studio In our world, car culture influences just about everything. EVERYTHING. And while its so obvious how a Mako shark took its design cue from a 63 Corvette or that the U.S.S. Enterprise was definitely shaped from a General Motors Autronic Eye a thousand years after those crazy things disappeared from dashboards, we also realize that the uninitiated might not realize the connection. But in a pretty bitchin example, Cameron Day and his creative team at Barnhart in Denver just tapped gearhead and artist, John Bell, for a new ad campaign for their Wyoming Tourism client. Now, let us back it up a sec, here: John Bell is not only a working artist, illustrator and designer, hes also a gearhead. Growing up near the Englishtown dragstrip in Jersey during the last great era of the Funny Car, he got a healthy dose of good design, color, style, personality and how the pursuit of speed could influence all of it in some really great ways. So, when he moved to California to work in the movie industry, he slammed everything he loved into an amazing career and is still doin the do. One of the many things that came out of John Bell Studio was a series of window decals inspired by those fucking cool-ass mid-century state decals that were so plentiful when the U.S. Interstate system was brand-new and it seemed like everyone was pulling a camper behind the Brookwood and really discovering America and shit. Except, that Johns decal series featured the great car shows on the West Coast: the long-gone Cruisin Nationals in Paso Robles, the California Hot Rod Reunion in Bakersfield, Speed Week at the Bonneville Salt Flats, the list goes on. What a great mashup of design, history and car culture. And Cam Day was paying attention, too. So, when his ad agency caught the Wyoming Tourism business, he saw a chance to put John and his great style to work. Wyoming is one of those states, very much like California, that is on just about everyones vacation bucket list. Whats not to love about this section of big sky country, right? Hell, weve never been there, but weve got visions of dragging a 61 Holiday House behind the Henry J through that state and stopping at every boot shop and antler chandelier maker and jackalope taxidermist between Yellowstone and Cheyenne. And what came of that? Welp, a new series of John Bell signature Wyoming travel decals , thats what. There are some 18 different decals that John illustrated for Cam and his client and when you hit the Wyoming site, you can get one sent to you just for signing up for some shit. And then, the idea is that once you get to Wyoming and start your roadtrip, you can pick up the entire set as you make your way across that grand state. We really dont need much more of a reason to do it. We just hope the entire state doesnt run out of em before we get there Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Art , Bring It Back , Culture , History  | 1 Comment  RESTORATION V. PRESERVATION: BIG WILLIE ROBINSONS DAYTONA August 14th, 2013  Our friends over at Hemmings brought the latest evidence of the restoration vs. preservation internal battle to light with the recent acquisition of a Big Willie Robinson Daytona . Now, we can appreciate the new owners right to do whatever he wants with the car he rightfully owns, right? But when theres some goddam history involved, well, thats next-level shit. In this case, it sounds like the new owner of the last of Big Willies Daytonas didnt just go off on some bullshit restoration project where he threw a wheelbarrow of cash at the project and removed every bit of handpainted, rough-cut, hammered, wrinkled, bent and force-of-will personality from the caronly to roll it out to shows and bask in the cheap, florescent glow of the shallow adulation of man-babies in lion-tamers and bluetooths before heading off to Chilis for Bleu-Cheese-Jack-Wings and pints of Cleveland Steamer Brown Summer Pale Ale all across this great nation, then selling it at some Barrett-Jackson auction to some other fat-ass for 36x what he put into it. And so it goes. No, this guy definitely seems to have put some real thought into the car. And, while it sucks that he felt he had to make the decision to go full resto on it, Corey Owens has our heart for really doing the due-diligence and considering a preservation of one of the last significant relics of the Big Willie Robinson legacy, before making the decision to fully restore it. Good stuff, Corey. Cant wait to see the car when youre done and we think the Brotherhood would be proud Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Art , Bring It Back , Builders , Culture , History  | 7 Comments  GIRLS OF YORE: HAJI August 12th, 2013 In the late Sixties, a filmmaker named Russ Meyer made ultrahipster status with his love of film and beautiful girls with impossible proportions. Faster Pussycat! Kill! Kill!, Motorpsycho and Good Morningand Goodbye! were a few of his classically terrible-yet-equally-fucking-awesome films shot out in the American Southwest where it seemed that cleavage, bad taste in cars, a shallow script and a taste of early slasher flicks needed no permit to produce and rule us with, some fifty years later. And one of the truly God-given gifts Meyer plied often was his ability to find some of the most trance-inducing, exotic women and retain them for said films. So, it makes perfect sense that hed cross paths with a go-go dancer named Cerlet Catton or Barbarella Catton or, as shes known to most, Haji. Something out of a Martin Denny album cover or the mens room wall in the Enchanted Tiki Room design studio at Disney, Cerlet or Barbarella was apparently given her more well-known name by her brother when they were kids growing up in Quebec or Nova Scotia. What we are certain of is that she was Canadian and Haji was a fitting name for such an exotic beauty. Another thing we know is that, in the absence of facts, all kinds of speculation will make up a biography. And in the world of Haji, not a whole helluva lot has been written about her life outside of her acting career. Its been said that she dabbled in witchcraft, psychedelic drugs and wed like to add that she was actually the product of a cellular fusion of fairy dust subparticles, cardamom powder, oil of nightshade and the same stuff in Freesia stripper lotion that Victorias Secret put out in the Nineties. Well stand by that statement as we honor the life and career of Haji on her passing over the weekend. We get into this discussion alot – especially when we work on our hot rod pinup photoshoots: Why dont women look like they did in the Fifties, Sixties and Seventies? The natural curves, the long legs, the absence of siliconethe look that Russ Meyer made a career of? Is it the steroid-pumped chicken that kids have been fed for the last 20 years? Is there something in the water? Is it a terrible diet of Papa Johns Pizza and tramp stamp tattoos and too many seasons of Glee? What happened in these last two generations that we cant find a young Haji? Welp, well keep looking. In the meantime, enjoy a few captures of Hajis beautiful career and get in touch with us if you know a girl whos a fitting tribute to the trail Haji blazed five decades ago [View with PicLens]       1 2  Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Art , Culture , Inspiration  | No Comments  RANDOM EPIC August 9th, 2013 One of the great things about the interwebs is that old photographs come back to life in random, global epicness. Heres one to kick your weekend off and if you know anything about where it actually came from, hit the comment box! Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Culture  | No Comments  LINDA LOVELACE BUILT MY HOT ROD August 8th, 2013 Linda Lovelace and Funny Car driver, Ed McCulloch This Friday, a little film with some big names attached to it will release in just a few theaters and video-on-demand. Lovelace stars that chick from Allentown, PA – Amanda Seyfried – as the iconic Linda Lovelace and if this movie had its own FaceySpacey page, the relationship with American popular culture would be categorized as Its Complicated. Nows the perfect time for a biopic about Linda Lovelace. Why? Well, because everything bitchin about the Seventies is hip right now, but were all skirting around what made it possible: the sexual revolution. Choppers, halter tops, Funny Cars, feathered hair, street freaks, doom metal, Keystone Klassics, Funkthe list just goes on. Yeah, yeah, we know you think its a stretch, but the sexual revolution of the late Sixties/early Seventies was more than just a sex thing. It was a state of mind that allowed everything to be questioned. Tim Conder talks about how his blue-collar dad in a white t-shirt and perfectly greased Flat-Top Boogie discovered bean bag chairs and shag rugs in the Seventies and that didnt mean he stopped running through the four gears of his perfect 55 Chevy on the back roads of Kentucky, it just meant that folks of his generation were allowed, nay, encouraged to walk away from the Howdy-Doody bullshit that had been paving over the depths of the human soul for the last several decades. By the time car culture finally got all the butch wax washed out of its hair in 72, Linda Lovelace had brought sex grinding onto the silver screen in Deep Throat. The first film of its kind to actually wake up the American consciousness, the $50,000 investment (little more than $270,000 in todays cake) by Louis Peraino and his mutton-chopped gang came to define the core of everything we loved. Namely, Freedom. Freedom to do whatever and whoever we wanted to, whenever we wanted to. And that kind of freedom – the kind that Linda made us all aware of in some very memorable ways – ended up in the haze-smoke of Bob Gerdes Circus Paint , the Funny Car circuit that Jungle Jim Liberman and Jungle Pam Hardy made so popular, the music of Pentagram , the mad lab of Dick Allen , the hot rod styling of Lil John Buttera, the custom van movement, Convoy, the cane-n-cape swagger of Evel Knievel, KISSthe mind just boggles with wizards, metalflake, Jesus toe sandals, Gold Streaks and shaggy-haired jet boat parties. We could go on and on about Lindas force majeure that excused an entire generation from the fate of its parents, but hey – that shits been done before. Well take the time to make the connection between the cult of personality of Linda Lovelace and everything we love so much about car culture. Swallow that . [View with PicLens]     Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Art , Bring It Back , Builders , Culture , History , Inspiration  | No Comments  WORLDS COLLIDEAGAIN August 7th, 2013 photo: Tatiana Gerusova If you have one of our 2013 calendars, you know Tatiana Gerusovas work: her images of Cherry Martini for the cover and the month of March are unforgettable. And now, weve just learned that Tatiana has been picked up by one of the greats of the world of photography: Art + Commerce ! Not only that, but she and Gia Genevieve have been tapped for a new campaign for that icon of itty-bitty-triangle-tagged jeans, GUESS? Just another killer example of how exceptional photography breaks down walls between the subculture of cars and popular culture strains like fashion. We know well keep hearing the tired-ass I aint into all that fashion-y bullshit, I just been out there workin on my car, and other various strains of that same sentiment, but the world keeps evolving despite that limited – and dying – perspective. And we dig the hell outta the amazing art that comes from this kind of fusion. Great work, Tatiana – you deserve every bit of it. Were just honored to know ye, girl Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Art , Culture , Inspiration  | No Comments  SPEED WEEK! August 6th, 2013  Burt Munro: The Worlds Fastest Indian Welp, its on top of us again: Bonneville Speed Week out at the Salt Flats in Utah. Well be the first to admit that, while weve been to The Salt, weve yet to make the pilgrimage every August. What we love most about Bonneville is that its pretty much the only racetrack that anyone – anyone at all – can drive out onto and experience for themselves, on their own terms, in their own vehicle, whenever they want to (yknow, except for during Speed Week and other cool speed shit that may get you killed if you wander out into the middle of). Those ancient dry salt lake beds are a national treasure that we all own a little teeny piece of through our taxes that run the Bureau of Land Management. So, put it on your bucket list and get yourself out to Speed Week to see how your little slice of salty moonscape is being put to great use: its your right as a gawd-blessed American and know that plenty of folks from around the world have paved the way for you. Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Builders , Culture , History  | No Comments  THE TRADITION OF IMMIGRANT TATTOO August 1st, 2013 Really neat piece by Damien Shiels on the tattoos of Irish enlisted men that were recorded by the Union Navy during the Civil War that photographer, Jeremy Harris, turned us onto. And much as we love the history of tattoos in America, we love how that tradition has continued into modern day: were still seeing tattoos as marks of identification and specific messages abundant in immigrant communities, as opposed to the more general adornment approach that has taken over the cultural mainstream – especially in the corners of car culture that have, thankfully, escaped the bullshit of reality TV. And we love that good, good stuff. Keeps the colorful (we had to say it) history and culture of tattoo grounded in an age of such inking fuckery, no? Posted by Stoner  Posted in  Bring It Back , Culture , History  | No Comments   Older Entries   Follow us on Twitter Join us on facebook Find out more about becoming an AUTOCULTURE correspondent, opening a field desk or just receiving foundation news by entering your email address here.   Search for:  Autoculture is a nonprofit organization. Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS) . 