  Follow Us! JJ Jr. RSS Twitter Facebook Subscribe  Main About Us Just Jared Jr. Contact Send Tips Top Stories 2013 MTV VMAs - Complete Red Carpet  Show Coverage! Bradley Cooper & Suki Waterhouse Snuggle in Paris Park! Jake Gyllenhaal & Girlfriend Alyssa Miller Stroll the Soho Streets What Did Billy Ray Cyrus Think of Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance? Tue, 27 August 2013 Tweet Kirsten Dunst Keeps it Fit in Studio City! Kirsten Dunst tugs lightly on her shirt as she heads to her car after leaving her gym on Monday (August 26) in Studio City, Calif. The 31-year-old actress took part in her routine workout that day to keep in tip top shape! PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Kirsten Dunst Kirsten s movie Bachelorette is now available for instant streaming on Netflix! The flick, which also stars Isla Fisher , Rebel Wilson , Andrew Rannells , James Marsden , and Lizzy Caplan , is about three women who are asked to be bridesmaids at a wedding of a high school classmate they used to make fun of back in the day. More Here!   Posted to Kirsten Dunst Photos: FameFlynet | No Comments  Tue, 27 August 2013 Tweet Patrick Dempsey: 'Moves' Fall Fashion Issue Cover Party! Patrick Dempsey is handsome in a suit while attending his Moves Fall Fashion Issue Cover Party on Monday (August 26) in New York City. Earlier in the day, the 47-year-old actor made a taped appearance on Good Morning America to promote his mini-series Patrick Dempsey: Racing Le Mans and the tenth season of his hit show Greys Anatomy , which is set to premiere on Thursday, September 26. Watch the video below! PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Patrick Dempsey A few weeks ago, Patrick attended the 2013 Do Something Awards in Hollywood. Unfortunately your browser does not support IFrames. Patrick Dempsey  Good Morning America Interview 10+ pictures inside of Patrick Dempsey attending the Moves Fall Fashion Issue Cover Party More Here!   Posted to Patrick Dempsey Credit: Dave Kotinsky; Photos: Getty, INFPhoto | 1 Comment   Tue, 27 August 2013 Tweet Matthew McConaughey: 'Dallas Buyers Club' Trailer  Poster! Check out Matthew McConaughey in this brand new trailer for his highly anticipated upcoming film Dallas Buyers Club ! The 43-year-old actor stars alongside Jennifer Garner and Jared Leto in the new film, which also just released its first poster. Matthew stars as Texas electrician Ron Woodroof and his battle with the medical establishment and pharmaceutical companies after being diagnosed as HIV-positive in 1986. Famously, Matthew lost a substantial amount of weight for the role to show the characters ongoing struggle with the terrible illness. The flick is set to be released on December 6 of this year. Check out the trailer below! Posted to Dallas Buyer's Club , Jared Leto , Jennifer Garner , Matthew McConaughey | 1 Comment   From Our Friends Photo:WENN Eminem Announces New Single & Album During the VMAs He may not have been present at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards over the weekend, but Eminem was still able to make a major impact on the music scene by announcing his new single "Berzerk" and his album MMLP2 (The Marshall Mathers LP 2) . The new song will be dropping this Tuesday while the album will be released on November 5. Eminem also released a short snippet of his new single. Check it out... Read more here  Tue, 27 August 2013 Tweet Vanessa Hudgens Wonders Why She Does Hot Yoga in L.A. Heat Vanessa Hudgens and her little sister Stella leave their workout together on Tuesday morning (August 27) in Studio City, Calif. The 24-year-old actress updated her Tumblr with a question to her fans about her workout of choice: hot yoga! Why do @stellahudgens and I do hot yoga when it’s 900 degrees outside? I don’t know. #dedicated #corepoweryoga Vanessa wrote . Great dedication, Vanessa ! PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Vanessa Hudgens Morning, Love Bugs 3 3 Vanessa tweeted earlier that morning to her fans. 10+ pictures inside of Vanessa Hudgens and her little sister Stella leaving their hot yoga workout together in Studio City More Here!   Posted to Stella Hudgens , Vanessa Hudgens Photos: AKM-GSI | 3 Comments  Tue, 27 August 2013 Tweet Gisele Bundchen: Park Day with Benjamin  Vivian! Gisele Bundchen kisses her adorable daughter Vivian , 8 months, as she spends her Sunday afternoon (August 25) in the park in Boston, Mass. The 33-year-old model also was spotted with her scootering son Benjamin , 3, as he played around on the park equipment. PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Gisele Bundchen Good morning! ❤❤❤ Bom dia! Gisele tweeted that morning with a message to her fans. Gisele was just announced as the worlds highest paid model by Forbes  check out all the details of her huge success! Hubby and dad Tom Brady has hit last pre-season game later this week with his team the New England Patriots against the New York Giants. Good luck, Tom !  Posted to Benjamin Brady , Celebrity Babies , Gisele Bundchen , Tom Brady , Vivian Brady Photos: Bauergriffinonline | 6 Comments   JJ Links Around The Web Isaac Brekken/Getty Kate Gosselin is suing ex-husband Jon Gosselin over the book Kate Gosselin: How She Fooled the World - US Weekly Breaking Bad star RJ Mitte celebrated his 21st birthday with his mom? - TMZ Dr. Luke is not joining American Idol - The Hollywood Reporter Kiernan Shipka just launched an Instagram dedicated to food- Just Jared Jr Retired CBS newsman Bruce Dunning passes away at age 73- Entertainment Weekly Fat Joe turned himself into jail for tax evasion - Huffington Post Read a recap for the latest episode of The Newsroom - Lainey Gossip Melanie Iglesias is gorgeous purple at the 2013 MTV VMAs - Hollywood Tuna Tue, 27 August 2013 Tweet Gwen Stefani Wishes Happy Birthday to No Doubt's Adrian Young Gwen Stefani takes her boys Kingston , 7, and Zuma , 5, to Marks Tropical Fish  Pet Supplies to grab some essentials for their pets on Monday afternoon (August 26) in Studio City, Calif. The 43-year-old actress recently tweeted a birthday message to her No Doubt drummer band mate Adrian Young ! Birthday central happy bday drummer boy @AdrianYoungND love u gx Gwen tweeted . A few days earlier, she wished another No Doubt -er Stephen Bradley a happy birthday as well! Happy bday Stephen Bradley love u more than u know gx she wrote. Happy belated birthdays to Adrian and Stephen ! 10+ pictures inside of Gwen Stefani and her boys shopping for pet supplies More Here!   Posted to Celebrity Babies , Gavin Rossdale , Gwen Stefani , Kingston Rossdale , Zuma Rossdale Photos: AKM-GSI | No Comments  Tue, 27 August 2013 Tweet Evan Ross: Messalla in 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay'! Evan Ross has joined the cast of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Parts 1 and 2 as Messalla, Cressida’s assistant director! It’s official! Please welcome Evan Ross as Messalla to the cast of @TheHungerGames: Mockingjay Parts 12 the official Hunger Games account tweeted about the new addition to the cast! Messalla is part of the television crew that travels around with Katniss ( Jennifer Lawrence ) as she tours the districts after much destruction. Evan is not the only new addition to the cast! Stef Dawson was recently added, as well as Natalie Dormer . FYI: Evan is currently dating singer Ashlee Simpson ! WHAT DO YOU THINK of the new casting. Posted to Evan Ross | 4 Comments  1 2 3 4 5 Next   Ryan Beatty: The Getaway L.A. Premiere Ryan Beatty hits the black carpet at the premiere of The Getaway held at Regency Village Theatre on... Vanessa  Stella Hudgens: Hot Yoga Workout Vanessa Hudgens and sister Stella head out after a yoga class on Tuesday morning (August 27) in... Dianna Agron: Glee Cast Filming Cory Monteith Tribute... Dianna Agron keeps it cute as she spends the day outside on Monday afternoon (August 26) in New... Read more on Just Jared Jr!  Top Celebs Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Celebrity Babies Bikini Celebs Robert Pattinson Vanessa Hudgens Zac Efron Katie Holmes Jennifer Aniston Gerard Butler More Top Celebs... Kristen Stewart Tom Cruise Jennifer Garner Shirtless Celebs Britney Spears Daniel Craig Jake Gyllenhaal Jude Law Gwen Stefani Gwyneth Paltrow Reese Witherspoon Rihanna Sienna Miller Suri Cruise Wentworth Miller Sites JJ Likes View JJ Mobile blog advertising is good for you Access Archives   Will  Grace ending: Still not buying it! Song of Summer 2013! YOU chose... Fall music preview: 22 hot albums Hulu.com: The Dahk Knight: Recasting Batman with... LOOK: Taylor Swift And Justin Timberlake Get CLOSE Morgan Hegarty: Why You Should Leave Harry Styles Alone TV Ratings: CBS Wins Monday Again; Mistresses Flat in... Howard Gordons FX Pilot Tyrant Enlists Zero Dark... USA Orders Escort Drama Pilot From Former Suits Showrunner Alec Baldwin -- Street Fight with NYC Photog [Update] 2 Chainz Arrest -- Cops Say Rappers Friend Waved Around... Joe Francis -- SENTENCED TO JAIL Smutty Tingles for August 27, 2013 Jamie Chung dating Bryan Greenberg Amy Poehler and Tina Fey might maybe sort of host Golden... Kate Middleton Steps Out -- See Her Slim Post-Baby Bod! Real Housewives Stars Daughter Defends Her... Kourtney Kardashian Pregnant? Scott Disick Starts New Rumors JJ: Page 2 Jennifer Lawrence Bikes Around,... Sandra Bullock  George Clooney:... Rafael Nadal: Shirtless First Round... Are Demi Lovato  Wilmer... One Direction Departs NYC After This... Demi Lovato to Play Naya Riveras Love... Jennifer Garner  Steve Carell:... JJ: Page 3 Kate Bosworth  Michael Polish:... Dr. Luke Not Joining American Idol... Reese Witherspoon Signs with Leonardo... Justin Timberlake  Jessica Biel:... Anne Hathaway  Adam Shulman:... Lily Collins  Jamie Campbell... Penn Badgley: Cymbeline Filming with... Just Jared Jr. One Directions Niall Horan Talks... Jesse McCartney Talks Touring with... Ryan Beatty: The Getaway L.A.... Vanessa  Stella Hudgens: Hot Yoga... Dianna Agron: Glee Cast Filming Cory... Evan Ross: Messalla in The Hunger... Nicholas Hoult  Jennifer...   2005-2013 Just Jared, Inc. || Main About Us Advertise With Us FAQ Contact Terms Privacy Policy JustJared is a member of Celebuzz, the celebrity division of BUZZMEDIA Entertainment | Advertise here 