  Mobile e-Edition Subscribe Advertise with Us Contact Us Email Alerts Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  64 Broken Clouds Weekly Forecast Wednesday 76 57 Thursday 76 59 Friday 77 58 Saturday 73 55 sponsored by  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home News Topics Local Crime ArrestLog Education Government Business State World Weather Weird The Latest Love of math leads to ULA launch team Not eager to end up with a teaching career, Margarita Marquez wasn't sure how her love of math could add up to any other job — let alone one l Fog may hamper visibility of Delta 4-Heavy launch The weather forecast appears favorable for Wednesday’s attempt to launch a Delta 4-Heavy rocket and a top-secret spacecraft from south Vandenb Recent Gaviota Coast Plan up for more discussion Daily Record Central Coast Bandit nabbed, officials say Supervisors to consider ways to reduce jail population SM soldier killed in Afghanistan SB County winery ordinance changes up for public comment Arms control inspectors visit sites Daily Record Sports Topics HighSchool College Baseball Basketball Football Soccer MotorSports Olympics Rodeo YouthSports The Latest Knight time is almost here Gabi Brunello was part of a St. Joseph girls tennis team that made the postseason party in 2011. Machado ready for senior year at Harvard While attending Lompoc High School, Brandy Machado built up an impressive résumé. She had a grade-point average over 4.0 and played three spor Recent Braves get blast from the past, top alums Conqs lead with their hearts Braves banking on experience Lompoc High alumni volleyball tonight Beware football ad scam Kranz to tee off for Conqs Cabrillo trio play at Junior Olympics Conqs getting ready Opinion Topics Columnists Commentary Editorials LetterstotheEditor Submitaletter The Latest Final care, high costs I’m writing to add my voice to the question of charges for medical services, as referred to by a recent letter writer from Pismo Beach. Score an ace for youth club On behalf of the Boys  Girls Club of Santa Maria Valley, I would like to thank everyone for making our 14th Annual Ag for Youth Golf Tour Recent Little doubt about climate Obama leads to socialism When value systems fail Mysteries on the road Revealing inner pain Moving away from defense Another season of burning Pumping some economic life into the city Blogs AwareandPrepare CressPass TheDailyBailey GoingtheDistance Obituaries Entertainment Topics Books Calendar Comics Games Horoscopes Movies Music Puzzles The Latest Gallery to host Mac Kah workshop The C Gallery in Los Alamos, in collaboration with the highly regarded classical realist painter, Mary Kay West, and Cathy Duncan of the histo In ‘Cyrano,’ an outstanding lead performance in a long play The classic play “Cyrano de Bergerac” is now playing at PCPA in the Solvang Festival Theatre. And the play is only as good as the actor playin Recent ‘Cyrano de Bergerac’ opening in Solvang Balay and Newman shine in ‘Patsy Cline’ Fast on the draw Four artists in ‘EarthArt’ exhibit 12 finalists to seek ‘Rising Star’ title Sept. 7 Crazy for Patsy Cline Mesko featured artist of month ‘Spamalot’ is non-stop laughs Life Topics Announcements Calendar Columns FaithandValues Food HomeandGarden IntheMilitary Obituaries Recreation The Latest Students tend to their studies and gardens at school In a community closely associated with agriculture and horticulture, it is heartening to know that many district schools include activities re Arugula, corn and shaved parmesan salad Tomatoes abound, and corn is fresh and sweet. Add some arugula and shaved parmesan and we have a hearty salad that didn’t heat up the summer k Recent Bessie Valerie Guest Bessie Valerie Guest MR ARTHUR S. HERRERA, 71, resi MR ALLEN EDWARD PETERSON, 77, MR FRED JAMES HAUPT, 90, resid MR PAUL B. MAYNARD, 78, reside MR FRANK TONY DOMINGUEZ, 85, MRS JANE A. MCCOSKEY, 89, resi Brides Calendar Get It! Classifieds ViewAllClassifieds Automotive Jobs Merchandise Pets GarageSales Services LegalNotices PlaceAnAd Homes Topics OpenHouses Jobs Topics WorkHere  Quick Links High school sports Local government Vandenberg AFB Lifestyle columns Buy photos Home / Entertainment / Books and Literature RSS Books And Literature  Poet seeks publication on Mars    James Ph. Kotsybar is a local poet with an astronomical ambition. Having served the cause of literature and poetry (as well as science and hor   July 12, 2013 12:00 am (0) Patrick Smithwick will hold book signing   Award-winning author and horseman Patrick Smithwick will be signing his latest book, “Flying Change: A Year of Racing and Family and Steeplech   July 05, 2013 12:15 am (0) Annual women’s literary festival presents diverse lineup of writers in SB   The Women’s Literary Festival (WLF) committee has lined up authors for the 2013 event, celebrating readers and women writers in a day of inter   March 08, 2013 12:00 am (0) Author forum set for March 16 in Santa Maria   Four California authors will be featured at the American Association of University Women-Santa Maria’s 13th annual Authors’ Forum, slated from   March 01, 2013 12:00 am (0) Lompoc Library to hold book sale   The Friends of the Lompoc Library System will kick off the new year with a book sale today and Saturday in the Lompoc Public Library Grossman    January 18, 2013 12:00 am (0) Entry open in art, poetry contest   The California Coastal Commission has announced the 2013 California Coastal Art  Poetry Contest for students in grades kindergarten through 12.   January 11, 2013 12:00 am (0) Former resident to sign copies of book   Former Lompoc resident Brenda Wilder will sign copies of her book, “The Grand Adventures of Sadie Mae Fuller,” from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday   December 27, 2012 12:00 am (0) ‘In Quest of the Old West — A Driving Diary’   This book by Author Jill Schaefer tells the story as a Cold War dilemma unfolds when Anglo-German couple Jill and Horst drive off on a lighthe   December 23, 2012 12:00 am (0) Brenda Wilder to hold book signing   Author Brenda Wilder will hold a book signing from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 29, at South Side Coffee Company, 105 South H St. in Lompoc.   December 21, 2012 12:00 am (0) Orcutt author brings early 1900s to life    Maybe you remember your own worn-out shoes. Maybe you don’t.   November 27, 2012 12:10 am Photos Photos (1) Veterans Day event honors ‘Code Talkers’    In honor of Veterans Day, author and filmmaker Gary Robinson will hold a book signing and film screening from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday, at The Boo   November 09, 2012 12:00 am (0) Published writer moves to Lompoc    Lompoc’s newest author, Connie Amarel, wrote the first line of her first book, “I Wonder Why” when she was just a kid, looking up at the night   November 09, 2012 12:00 am (0) James Kotsybar holds book signing   Local author and poet James Kotsybar recently held a book signing at The Book Store in Lompoc.   October 19, 2012 12:00 am (0) Author to hold book signing Saturday   Anita Dwyer will hold a book signing Saturday for her short story entitled “How did we get into this Mell of a Hess,” a generic history of Bar   October 19, 2012 12:00 am (0) Hikers rescued from Point Sal   Two Central Coast hikers were rescued early Wednesday morning in the Point Sal area after crews searched through the night for them by ground    October 14, 2012 12:30 am (0) Fall book sale set for Friday, Saturday   The Friends Fall Book Sale will be held Friday and Saturday in the Lompoc Public Library, Grossman Gallery, 501 E. North Ave., from 10 a.m. to   October 14, 2012 12:30 am (0) AE in Brief   New book teaches children fun facts   October 12, 2012 12:00 am (0) Poet to hold book signing Sunday   The Book Store in Lompoc is holding a book signing from 2 to 4 p.m. Sunday for James Ph. Kotsybar.   October 11, 2012 12:00 am (0) Local author releases new Disney series   Local author Nancy Temple Rodrigue, of the top-selling Disney books “Hidden Mickey,” recently released her newest book “Hidden Mickey Adventur   September 14, 2012 12:00 am (0) Author returns to hometown   Illustrator, author and mother Melissa Iwai will be in Lompocfrom 1 to 3 p.m. Sunday to hold a reading and book-signing at TheBookstore, 11   February 10, 2012 12:00 am (0) More Books And Literature Follow Us Facebook on Facebook Email Get email updates from Email Updates RSS Follow via RSS RSS Feeds Local advertising by PaperG #digital-access-promo { display:block; color:#fff; padding:5px 70px 5px 15px; margin:20px 0; font-size:16px; line-height:20px; position:relative; } #digital-access-promo span { background-color:#71155e; color:#fff; font-size:20px; padding:8px 4px; position:absolute; right:15px; top:-3px; }Get unlimited digital access 99 Deals, Offers and Events Book Sale Every Monday at Second Time Around Lompoc! Check out our Electric Car Vehicle Charging Outlets! Second Time Around Lompoc offers senior and military discounts! Stop in for our exciting new spring products! Senior Discounts Available! Most Popular Articles Comments Facebook Monster rocket set for liftoff Applebee’s opening on tap in Lompoc 4.2 magnitude earthquake reported off VAFB SM soldier killed in Afghanistan Man arrested in Lompoc armed robbery There are reasons for rules (8)  Applebee’s opening on tap in Lompoc (7)  Regarding racism today (4)  New school year ushers in changes (3)  Martner leading Lompoc Theatre restoration (3) Online e-Edition Read your newspaper online, anytime, anywhere! Read today's Lompoc Record print edition at any time from any computer. Your local news and information at your convenience! Read | Subscribe Featured Businesses View More... Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University's Vandenberg Campus Innovative Electric Bumatay Jewelers Second Time Around Lompoc LeeLocal - Lompoc Find a local business I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory . Featured Ads Jobs Homes Rentals    Copyright 2013, Lompoc Record , 115 N. H Street Lompoc, CA | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Lompoc Apartments Lompoc Attorneys Lompoc Auto Dealers Lompoc Auto Parts Lompoc Auto Repair Lompoc Beauty Salons Lompoc Car Rental Lompoc Dentists Lompoc Doctors Lompoc Flowers Lompoc Hotels Lompoc Insurance Lompoc Loans Lompoc Mortgages Lompoc Movers Lompoc Pizza Lompoc Realtors Lompoc Restaurants Lompoc Storage Lompoc Tax Preparation Lompoc Travel More Lompoc Los Alamos Apartments Los Alamos Attorneys Los Alamos Auto Dealers Los Alamos Auto Parts Los Alamos Auto Repair Los Alamos Beauty Salons Los Alamos Car Rental Los Alamos Dentists Los Alamos Doctors Los Alamos Flowers Los Alamos Hotels Los Alamos Insurance Los Alamos Loans Los Alamos Mortgages Los Alamos Movers Los Alamos Pizza Los Alamos Realtors Los Alamos Restaurants Los Alamos Storage Los Alamos Tax Preparation Los Alamos Travel More Los Alamos Casmalia Apartments Casmalia Attorneys Casmalia Auto Dealers Casmalia Auto Parts Casmalia Auto Repair Casmalia Beauty Salons Casmalia Car Rental Casmalia Dentists Casmalia Doctors Casmalia Flowers Casmalia Hotels Casmalia Insurance Casmalia Loans Casmalia Mortgages Casmalia Movers Casmalia Pizza Casmalia Realtors Casmalia Restaurants Casmalia Storage Casmalia Tax Preparation Casmalia Travel More Casmalia Buelton Apartments Buelton Attorneys Buelton Auto Dealers Buelton Auto Parts Buelton Auto Repair Buelton Beauty Salons Buelton Car Rental Buelton Dentists Buelton Doctors Buelton Flowers Buelton Hotels Buelton Insurance Buelton Loans Buelton Mortgages Buelton Movers Buelton Pizza Buelton Realtors Buelton Restaurants Buelton Storage Buelton Tax Preparation Buelton Travel More Buelton Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, Lompoc Record. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with www.lompocrecord.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: www.lompocrecord.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 11:13:31 am 