 Press ESC | Close [X]  Tue August 27, 2013 Follow Us: Subscribe Log In Community Arts and Entertainment + Movies Communities Events Landmarks Movies Restaurants Traffic Weather Information News Construction Defense Economy Education Finance Government Health Hospitality Law Real Estate Technology Commentary Resources Attorney Directory Awards  Programs Business Directory Digital Edition Media Center Newsmakers Online Plan Room Roundtables Soaring Dimensions SourceBook Special Reports Water Research Classifieds Public Notices Source Sales Tools Corporate Advertising Company Info Contact Us FAQ Feedback Site Index The Transcript Store The San Diego Source | The Daily Transcript is San Diegos only information company offering business news, data and resources daily and hourly. We report on San Diego business , finance and the San Diego economy, real estate , construction , the U.S. military in San Diego, and San Diego government construction bids . Arts and Entertainment News SD startup teams up with La Jolla Playhouse to support arts DonorNation, a San Diego-based start-up technology company benefiting education, is collaborating with the La Jolla Playhouse to positively impact education, the community and the arts. Full Story LAW Casa Cornelia Law Center fundraiser to feature art, documentary Casa Cornelia Law Center, a San Diego nonprofit organization that provides pro bono legal services to victims of human and civil rights violations, and Hughes Marino , San Diegos largest commercial real estate company, are holding “An Evening of Art and Inspiration” to raise funds to support Casa Cornelia’s work. Full Story HOSPITALITY Pirates vs. Zombies: Comic-Con's latest showdown Avast! While the international pop-culture celebration known as Comic-Con has long been the domain of superheroes, the biggest showdown at this years convention might not even involve spandex. Full Story HOSPITALITY URBN Restaurants makes plans for El Cajon eatery Jon Mangini of URBN Restaurants Inc . -- the guy behind Gang Kitchen, BASIC Urban Kitchen + Bar and URBN Coal Fired Pizza  recently announced plans to expand east into downtown El Cajon. Expected to open in early 2014, the dual-concept initiative will house a yet-to-be-named brewery and a third URBN Coal Fired Pizza to Manginis repertoire. Full Story GENERAL Concert to benefit reading program for at-risk children San Diego Chorus will host an “Alphabet Soup” concert July 27 to benefit Rolling Readers, a nonprofit organization that helps low-income, at-risk children enjoy reading through read-aloud volunteers and new book ownership.  Full Story GENERAL SD Foundation awards $200,000 to local artists The San Diego Foundation has announced that it has awarded $20,000 each to 10 local artists as part of the 2013 Creative Catalyst Fund  Individual Artist Fellowship Program. The fund supports the creation and development of new work by San Diego-based professional artists, according to a release. Full Story Broadway musical revue to feature 85 seniors Christian Community Theater (a program of nonprofit CYT San Diego) will present its sixth annual production of Senior Follies, a popular San Diego senior entertainment event, drawing more than 30,000 patrons each year.  Full Story Breaking News Updated: 12:45PM Arts Videos Terminal 2 West expansion at SD airport now complete Aug. 6, 2013 -- Reporter Carlos Rico gives a behind-the-scenes look at the new Terminal 2 at San Diego International Airport. Construction has been completed on the $907 million project, called The Green Build, and it opens to all travelers on Aug. 13.  Comic-Con 2013: Outside attractions July 22, 2013 -- Reporter Carlos Rico takes you around the Gaslamp Quarter and East Village to show you what Comic-Con has to offer outside the San Diego Convention Center. More Videos COLUMNS Org Watch Arts  Events Calendar  August 2013  Su M T W Th F Sa 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Full Month View Find Entertainment Movies  Showtimes Don't miss some of the hottest movies this year! Find the movie theatre nearest you and go see what's playing today! Top Movies Lee Daniels' The Butler PG-13 We're the Millers R Elysium R Planes PG Kick-Ass 2 R Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters PG Jobs PG-13 2 Guns R The Smurfs 2 PG The Wolverine PG-13 Interactive Maps Address, City, or Zip SUBSCRIBE | LOG IN Subscribe Today!  San Diego Employment Employment Level Employment Index Unemployment Rate Job Opportunities Foreclosures Notices of Default Trustee Sales Residential Real Estate Homes Sales Mortgage Calculator Homes for Sale Commercial Real Estate Leasing Notes Commercial Sales Properties for Sale New Businesses Fictitious Business Names Filed San Diego Business Licenses  Company Info Advertising Feedback Privacy Policy Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us All contents herein copyright San Diego Source | The Daily Transcript  1994-2013 contact info: Iam Pam 