 imnnotobsessed ladyandtheblog dealobsessed babyrazzi daddydetails geekobsessed celebcause -ImNotObsessedLadyAndTheBlogBabyRazziDaddyDetails- HOME CONTACT SHOP CONTEST ABOUT  CELEBS JENNIFER ANISTON VICTORIA POSH BECKHAM HALLE BERRY ANGELINA JOLIE KIM KARDASHIAN KATY PERRY NICOLE RICHIE JESSICA SIMPSON BRITNEY SPEARS SOPHIA VERGARA FEATURES Celebrity Sightings Celebrity Awards Celebrity Oops Out and About Celebrity Birthday Fact or Fiction Hot Guy of the Day Blind Items Red Carpet VIDEO INO.tv Celebrity Clips INO Video by Playwire INTERVIEWS BABIES Babyrazzi.com COUPLES STYLE LadyandtheBlog.com Fall 2013 London Fashion Fall 2013 MB NYC Fashion Spring 13 NY Fashion Week REALITY RUMORS   FEATURES popular celebs   Angelina Jolie   Britney Spears  George Clooney    CELEBRITY BABIES  REALITY STARS THE LATEST LOOKS BABYRAZZI   Things got physical for Alec Baldwin and a paparazzi today in NYC.  According to TMZ both Alec and his wife Hilaria were out walking when they were approached by a paparazzi looking to take their picture. Hilaria ducked into a  Continue reading » Sunday nights VMAs gave us just a short NSync reunion, but rehearsing for those 15 seconds on stage was enough to remind the band members  Joey Fatone, Chris Kirkpatrick, Lance Bass, JC Chasez and Justin Timberlake, just what they  Continue reading » OMG, heres someone we havent seen in quite some time: its Mischa Barton! The actress, who spends most of her time in London these days (she does a lot of promotional work throughout Europe), was spotted going out for lunch  Continue reading » Jennifer Garner rarely opens up about her life pre-Ben Affleck so this is big news here, people! The actress recently spoke about her ex-husband Scott Foley, whether she would ever do Botox, and who is her go-to mama gal in  Continue reading » It looks like everyone is still talking about N*SYNCs awesome performance at the VMAs this past weekend and Joey Fatone is definitely loving it! Hey, it gives him an extended fifteen minutes, right? The former boy bander was spotted enjoying  Continue reading » It looks like someone here is really enjoying the spotlight and her newfound fame. Simon Cowells baby mama Lauren Silverman was spotted doing a little shopping while she was out and about in St. Tropez on Tuesday afternoon. Lauren is  Continue reading » We knew this was coming! Apparently, Miley Cyrus and her team are feeling the heat after her controversial performance with Robin Thicke at the VMAs this past weekend. From what were hearing, Miley and her team are feeling the backlash  Continue reading » First of all, who even knew that Beyonce was at the VMAs this weekend, right? Well apparently she was there and she made quite the scene during an after party brawl. From what were hearing, Beyonce yelled her head off  Continue reading »   ALEC BALDWIN The Actor Gets In A Scuffle With The Paparazzi Posted on August 27, 2013 at 3:00 PM Things got physical for Alec Baldwin and a paparazzi today in NYC.  According to TMZ both Alec and his wife Hilaria were out walking when they were approached by a paparazzi looking to take their picture. Hilaria ducked into a local tea store to avoid the pap and Alec called the police. I guess Alec must have come out of the store because apparently he grabbed the photog. TMZ spoke to the pap who said  All I can say is I was doing my job asking him normal questions and he flipped. Thats all.  although a source close to Baldwin claims that the paparazzi was the agressor. The police did arrive on the scene but both Alec and the photographer have agreed to not press any charges.  I can absolutely believe that the paparazzi was aggressive and that Alec would be protective of his wife.   She just a baby a few days ago ! I wonder if the baby was with them? Either way I think that photographers should be able to take their pictures but theres no need to get so close and speak to the celebrities if they dont want to be bothered. Thoughts? Visit the Gallery (8 Images)  Photos by FAMEFLYNET PICTURES Leave a Comment Posted In:Scandal and Rumors, Top Stories Related Tags: Alec Baldwin  NSYNC Reunion Performance Reminded The Boys What They Hated About Each Other! Posted on August 27, 2013 at 2:30 PM Sunday nights VMAs gave us just a short NSync reunion, but rehearsing for those 15 seconds on stage was enough to remind the band members - Joey Fatone, Chris Kirkpatrick, Lance Bass, JC Chasez and Justin Timberlake, just what they loved and hated about each other!  In a radio interview about the performance Chris Kirkpatrick said   It was funny because all of us getting back together, we remembered what we love about each other and what we hate about each other, the singer, 41, said. It was just a bit of fun. It also doesnt sound like Chris is too eager to do it again! He addressed the physicality of the performance and said  Honestly, when he talked to us I thought we were just coming out with mic stands and singing. When I came home from rehearsals my girls like Why are you drenched? . . .Im too old for this! I was so worried about not messing up for him. Ha!  It did kind of look like they were a bit out of shape:)  I enjoyed the performance though! Visit the Gallery (8 Images)  Photos by Wenn.com Leave a Comment Posted In:Celebrity Interviews, Top Stories Related Tags: chris kirkpatrick , jc chasez , Joey Fatone , Justin Timberlake , Lance Bass , NSync MISCHA BARTON Lunch In Los Feliz Posted on August 27, 2013 at 2:00 PM OMG, heres someone we havent seen in quite some time: its Mischa Barton ! The actress, who spends most of her time in London these days (she does a lot of promotional work throughout Europe), was spotted going out for lunch with her cute little dog while in Los Feliz, Calif. on Monday afternoon. I must say, I really like Mischas scarf here. She looks so chic and casual , doesnt she? And plus, she looks healthy and happy too, which is really whats important. Check out our photos below and tell us, what do you think of Mischas out and about style here? Visit the Gallery (9 Images)  Photos via FameFlynet Leave a Comment Posted In:All Other Celebrities, Top Stories Related Tags: Celebrity Sightings , celebrity style , Mischa Barton , mischa barton style Daily Link Love With HUGH JACKMAN Posted on August 27, 2013 at 9:56 AM The Wolverine star Hugh Jackman was upbeat upon his arrival at Narita International Airport. Check out what my cyber friends are writing about! Should Jersey Shore star Deena Cortese aim for a more natural look? ( D Listed ) How does Robin Thickes wife, Paula Patton , feel about Miley Cyrus grinding on her husband onstage? ( Moe Jackson ) Lady Gaga got covered in glitter (and not much else) for this photoshoot. ( DS, Site NSFW) Is Bradley Cooper re-creating a scene from Pretty Woman with girlfriend Suki Waterhouse ? ( Lainey Gossip ) Jessica Biel went see-through for the MTV VMA after-party circuit! ( HuffPost Celebrity ) Kate Middleton looks like shes back in her pre-pregnancy clothes already!( PopSugar ) Ryan Phillippes out with his Brentwood brood. ( Celebrity Baby Scoop ) Hmmm has Justin Bieber finally started to calm down? ( TMZ ) Candice Swanepoel rocks a knit top. ( Hollywood Tuna ) Undeterred from the feedback from her VMA performance, Miley Cyrus posts more pictures of her twerking. ( IDLYITW ) Cheryl Cole got QUITE a bit of ink on her rear. I wouldve had to have been heavily sedated for that tattoo. ( Evil Beet Gossip ) Is Faith Hill upset about Taylor Swift and Tim McGraw getting a little too close?( Celeb Dirty Laundry ) WHY is Brooke Shields apologizing for Miley Cyrus VMA performance? ( Amy Grindhouse.com ) Heres a teaser clip from Katy Perrys upcoming Roar video. ( PopCrush ) Visit the Gallery (5 Images) Photos by WENN Read more » JENNIFER GARNER Opens Up About Her Ex-Husband Posted on August 27, 2013 at 1:00 PM Jennifer Garner rarely opens up about her life pre- Ben Affleck so this is big news here, people! The actress recently spoke about her ex-husband Scott Foley , whether she would ever do Botox, and who is her go-to mama gal in a new interview Allure . Here are some highlights: On whether she would do Botox I’m old enough to know policies don’t necessarily last, so be careful what box you stand on. [It may be time to try Botox but she's a little scared] because I have a big forehead, and I don’t want it to be like this slab, a big glacier. On her first husband, Scott Foley Oh he’s a great guy. We were full-on grown ups, but looking back I’m aware we did not know what hit us. We didn’t have a shot. He’s a really good guy, and we just imploded. On Reese Witherspoon Reese is one of my go-to mamas. She has such a big heart and a good head on her shoulders. She’s one of the people I go to and say, “Hey, what do you do about X, Y, Z,” and she always has an answer. On her haircare routine I have no idea how women who go to an office in the morning do it. I don’t use hair-care products, and I don’t blow dry. I don’t even know where the blow dryer is. So the thought of having to incorporate that into my morning just seems crazy to me. On if she talks beauty with her girlfriends If I get to sit down with my girlfriends, and I’m happy to include Jessica [Biel] among them. It’s hard not to talk beauty if you’re sitting with Jessica Biel because she is the most gorgeous person on the planet. Visit the Gallery (7 Images) Photos via FameFlynet Leave a Comment Posted In:All Other Celebrities, Celebrity Interviews, Top Stories Related Tags: Jennifer Garner , jennifer garner ex-husband , jennifer garner interview , Scott Foley JOEY FATONE Back In The Spotlight Posted on August 27, 2013 at 1:00 PM It looks like everyone is still talking about N*SYNCs awesome performance at the VMAs this past weekend and Joey Fatone is definitely loving it! Hey, it gives him an extended fifteen minutes, right? The former boy bander was spotted enjoying a night out with friends while at Madeo Restaurant in Hollywood, Calif. on Monday evening. Its just too bad that Joey wont be able to reunite with Justin Timberlake and the boys again for a reunion tour . Now that would be incredibly awesome if it did work out. Check out our photos below and let us know what you think! Visit the Gallery (5 Images) Photos via FameFlynet Leave a Comment Posted In:All Other Celebrities, Top Stories Related Tags: Joey Fatone , joey fatone news , joey fatone photos , justin timberlake news LAUREN SILVERMAN Shopping In St. Tropez Posted on August 27, 2013 at 12:30 PM It looks like someone here is really enjoying the spotlight and her newfound fame. Simon Cowell s baby mama Lauren Silverman was spotted doing a little shopping while she was out and about in St. Tropez on Tuesday afternoon. Lauren is currently vacationing in the South of France with Simon and from what were hearing a few of his ex-girlfriends, too. Do you think Lauren and Simon have what it takes to take their relationship to the next level? Considering how they started off, Im not too sure. Heres just hoping that Simon hangs on long enough do at least he and Lauren are still together when the baby is born. Wishful thinking, I know! Tell us, can you see Laurens baby bump in any of these pics? Visit the Gallery (8 Images)  Photos via FameFlynet Leave a Comment Posted In:All Other Celebrities, Top Stories Related Tags: lauren silverman , lauren silverman photos , lauren silverman pics , simon cowell baby mama Check out the latest from INO... Click below to check out the latest celeb video clips Can't Get Enough of the Royals, You Say? DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd" 