 Browsing subject area: Art and literature -- Great Britain ( Include extended shelves ) You can also browse an alphabetical list from this subject or from: Art and literature -- Great Britain See also what's at your library , or elsewhere . Broader terms: Art and literature Great Britain Narrower terms: Art and literature -- Great Britain -- History Art and literature -- Great Britain -- Russian influences Art and literature -- England Filed under: Art and literature -- Great Britain -- History Paintings From Books: Art and Literature in Britain, 1760-1900 (Columbus: Ohio State University Press, c1985) , by Richard D. Altick (PDF files with commentary at Ohio State Press) Filed under: Art and literature -- England -- History -- 19th century Bernard Shaw and the Aesthetes (Columbus: Ohio State University Press, c1971) , by Elsie Bonita Adams (PDF files with commentary at Ohio State Press) George Eliot and the Visual Arts (1979) , by Hugh Witemeyer (HTML at Victorian Web) Filed under: Art and literature -- England -- History -- 20th century Bernard Shaw and the Aesthetes (Columbus: Ohio State University Press, c1971) , by Elsie Bonita Adams (PDF files with commentary at Ohio State Press) Filed under: Art and literature -- Great Britain -- Russian influences A People Passing Rude: British Responses to Russian Culture (Cambridge, UK: Open Book Publishers, c2012), ed. by Anthony Glenn Cross Flash at openbookpublishers.com and scribd.com page images at Google Items below (if any) are from related and broader terms. Filed under: Art and literature A Commonplace Book of Thoughts, Memories and Fancies, Original and Selected (second edition, corrected; London: Longman, Brown, Green, and Longmans, 1855) , by Mrs. Jameson (multiple formats at archive.org) A Commonplace Book of Thoughts, Memories and Fancies, Original and Selected : Part I, Ethics and Character, Part II, Literature and Art (London: Longman, Brown, Green and Longmans, 1854) , by Mrs. Jameson (multiple formats at archive.org) Filed under: Ut pictura poesis (Aesthetics) Cities Built to Music: Aesthetic Theories of the Victorian Gothic Revival (Columbus: Ohio State University Press, c1984) , by Michael Bright (PDF files with commentary at Ohio State Press) Filed under: Great Britain Britain's Place in the Great Plan: Four Lectures delivered in London, June and July 1921 , by Annie Besant (HTML at anandgholap.net) Our British Ally (1944), by Herbert Heaton illustrated HTML at historians.org PDF at archive.org A Short Guide to Great Britain (1942) , by United States Army Service Forces Special Service Division (PDF with rotated pages at archive.org)  Filed under: Great Britain -- Antiquities Altering the Earth: The Origins of Monuments in Britain and Continental Europe (Edinburgh: Society of Antiquaries of Scotland, 1993) , by Richard Bradley (PDF files at AHDS) The Clyde Mystery: A Study in Forgeries and Folklore (Glasgow: J. MacLehose and Sons, 1905) , by Andrew Lang (Gutenberg text and illustrated HTML) Early British Trackways, Moats, Mounds, Camps and Sites , by Alfred Watkins (illustrated HTML with commentary at sacred-texts.com) Primitive Folk-Moots: or, Open-Air Assemblies in Britain (London: Sampson Low, Marston, Searle and Rivington, 1880) , by George Laurence Gomme (PDF at McMaster) Stonehenge and Other British Stone Monuments Astronomically Considered (1906) , by Norman Lockyer (illustrated HTML with commentary at sacred-texts.com) Filed under: Great Britain -- Antiquities, Roman Roman Roads in Britain , by Thomas Codrington (illustrated HTML at Chicago) Wanderings of an Antiquary: Chiefly Upon the Traces of the Romans in Britain (London: J. B. Nichols and Sons, 1854) , by Thomas Wright (page images in Germany) Filed under: Great Britain -- Bibliography The English Catalogue of Books (partial serial archives) Filed under: Great Britain -- Bio-bibliography A Catalogue of the Royal and Noble Authors of England, Scotland and Ireland; With Lists of Their Works (enlarged and continued; 5 volumes; London: Printed for J. Scott, 1806), by Horace Walpole and Thomas Park Volume I: multiple formats at Google Volume II: multiple formats at Google Volume III: multiple formats at Google Volume IV: multiple formats at Google Volume V: multiple formats at Google A Catalogue of the Royal and Noble Authors of England, With Lists of Their Works (new edition; Edinburgh: Printed for W.H. Lunn, et al., 1796) , by Horace Walpole (multiple formats at Google) Dictionary of National Biography (first and second editions, with supplementary volumes; 1885-1912) , ed. by Leslie Stephen and Sidney Lee (multiple formats at Google and archive.org) Dictionary of National Biography: Index and Epitome (London: Smith, Elder and Co., 1903) , ed. by Sidney Lee (multiple formats at archive.org) Filed under: Great Britain -- Biography Alumni Etonenses: or, A Catalogue of the Provosts and Fellows of Eton College and King's College, Cambridge, From the Foundation in 1443, to the Year 1797, With an Account of Their Lives and Preferments (Birmingham: Printed by T. Pearson, 1797) , by Thomas Harwood (page images at HathiTrust) Dictionary of National Biography (first and second editions, with supplementary volumes; 1885-1912) , ed. by Leslie Stephen and Sidney Lee (multiple formats at Google and archive.org) Dictionary of National Biography: Index and Epitome (London: Smith, Elder and Co., 1903) , ed. by Sidney Lee (multiple formats at archive.org) Eminent Victorians , by Lytton Strachey HTML at Bartleby Gutenberg text Great Englishmen: An Historical Reading Book for Schools (London: G. Bell and Sons, 1911) , by M. B. Synge (illustrated HTML at Baldwin Project) Memoirs of Eminent Etonians; With Notices of the Early History of Eton College (London: R. Bentley, 1850) , by Edward Shepherd Creasy (multiple formats at Google) Stories of Old Families (Edinburgh and London: W. and R. Chambers, 1878), by William Chambers multiple formats at Google; US access only PDF (without illustrations) at archive.org page images at HathiTrust; US access only Filed under: Great Britain -- Charters, grants, privileges The Medieval English Borough: Studies on Its Origins and Constitutional History (1936) , by James Tait (PDF at McMaster; NO US ACCESS) Filed under: Great Britain -- Church history The Church History of Britain, From the Birth of Jesus Christ Until the Year M.DC.XLVIII (new edition, 6 volumes; Oxford: At the University Press, 1845), by Thomas Fuller, ed. by J. S. Brewer Volume I: page images at Google Volume II: page images at Google Volume III: page images at Google Volume IV: page images at Google Volume V: page images at Google Volume VI: page images at Google The Church, Past and Present: A Review of its History by the Bishop of London, Bishop Barry, and Other Writers (New York: T. Whittaker, ca. 1899) , ed. by Henry Melvill Gwatkin (multiple formats at archive.org) History of Dissenters, From the Revolution in 1688, to the Year 1808 (4 volumes; London: Printed for the authors, 1808-1812), by David Bogue and James Bennett Volume I: page images at Google Volume II: page images at Google Volume III: page images at Google Volume IV: page images at Google Sodor and Man , by A. W. Moore (HTML at Manx Note Book) Filed under: Great Britain -- Civilization Nights With the Gods (London, T. W. Laurie, ca. 1908) , by Emil Reich (multiple formats at archive.org) Filed under: Great Britain -- Colonies The Expansion of England: Two Courses of Lectures (London: Macmillan and Co., 1914) , by John Robert Seeley (multiple formats at archive.org) Imperialism: A Study (New York: James Pott and Co., 1902) , by J. A. Hobson (HTML at econlib.org) Oceana: or, England and Her Colonies (third edition; London: Longmans, Green, and Co., 1886) , by James Anthony Froude (page images at HathiTrust; US access only) Oceana: or, England and Her Colonies (new impression; London et al.: Longmans, Green, and Co., 1912) , by James Anthony Froude (multiple formats at archive.org) Problems of Greater Britain (two volumes; London and New York: Macmillan, 1890), by Charles Wentworth Dilke Volume I: multiple formats at archive.org Volume II: multiple formats at archive.org Should We Surrender Colonies? , by S. Fowler Wright (HTML at sfw.org.uk) Filed under: Great Britain -- Commerce Money Answers All Things , by Jacob Vanderlint (text at McMaster) Filed under: Great Britain -- Commercial policy Trade Fallacies: A Criticism of Existing Methods, and Suggestions for a Reform Towards National Prosperity (London: P.S. King and Son, 1917) , by Arthur Kitson (multiple formats at archive.org) Filed under: Great Britain -- Commercial treaties The Privileges of an Englishman in the Kingdoms and Dominions of Portugal: Contain'd in the Treaty of Peace Concluded by Oliver Cromwell; and Various Laws, Decrees, c. at Sundry Times, and on Divers Occasions, Made by the Kings of Portugal, in Favour of the English Nation (English and Portuguese in parallel; London: Printed for the translator, and sold at the Portugal coffee-house, 1736) , contrib. by Great Britain and Portugal (page images at HathiTrust) Filed under: Great Britain -- Court and courtiers The Amazing Duchess: Being the Romantic History of Elizabeth Chudleigh, Maid of Honour, the Hon. Mrs. Hervey, Duchess of Kingston, and Countess of Bristol (2 volumes; London: S. Paul and Co., ca. 1911), by Charles E. Pearce Volume I: multiple formats at archive.org Volume II: multiple formats at archive.org both volumes: page images at HathiTrust; US access only The Days Before Yesterday , by Frederic Hamilton (Gutenberg text) In Whig Society, 1775-1818: Compiled From the Hitherto Unpublished Correspondence of Elizabeth, Viscountess Melbourne, and Emily Lamb, Countess Cowper, Afterwards Viscountess Palmerston (London et al: Hodder and Stoughton, 1921), by Mabell Airlie, contrib. by Elizabeth Milbanke Lamb Melbourne and Emily Lamb Palmerston multiple formats at archive.org page images at HathiTrust; US access only Memories and Base Details (London: Hutchinson and Co., ca. 1921) , by Lady Angela Forbes (multiple formats at archive.org) Memories and Base Details (New York, G. H. Doran Co., ca. 1921) , by Lady Angela Forbes (page images at HathiTrust) Filed under: Great Britain -- Defenses Britain at Bay (1909) , by Spenser Wilkinson (Gutenberg text) The Great War in England in 1897 (11th edition; London: Tower Pub. Co., 1895) , by William Le Queux, illust. by Cyril Field and T. S. C. Crowther (multiple formats at archive.org) Imperial Defence (London and New York: Macmillan and Co., 1892) , by Charles Wentworth Dilke and Spenser Wilkinson (multiple formats at archive.org) More items available under broader and related terms at left. Help with reading books -- Report a bad link -- Suggest a new listing Home -- Search -- New Listings -- Authors -- Titles -- Subjects -- Serials Books -- News -- Features -- Archives -- The Inside Story Edited by John Mark Ockerbloom (onlinebook@obox.upenn.edu) OBP copyright and licenses .