  Skip to content Home About Our History Code of Ethics Community Partners Employment Our Employees Philanthropy Shop Locations Cavecreek/Tatum Ranch Goodyear Litchfield Park Peoria Phoenix/Arcadia Scottsdale Airpark Surprise Auto Services Diagnostics Fleet General Maintenance Miscellaneous Repairs Air Conditioning Repair and Service Towing Specials/Coupons In the News Car Care Resources Under the Hood Franchise Blog Contact Customer Survey Welcome to Wilhelm Auto Repair  Service Centers Arizona WERE CELEBRATING 85 YEARS OF SERVICE! This year marks the 85th Anniversary of Wilhelm Automotive’s service in Arizona, making us the oldest family auto repair shop in the Valley! We’re proud to have stayed in business for more than eight decades, due in large part to you, our loyal customers! Click here to learn more about our history and be sure to check back often for special 85th Anniversary offers all year long! Wilhelm Automotive Has Opened Its Second Franchise Wilhelm Automotive is nearly ready to open the doors on its seventh store and second franchise location at 52nd Street and Thomas in Phoenix. The  Phoenix auto repair location  will be open on June 3, 2103, and a Grand Opening is planned for early fall.  Read  more Scottsdale Airpark Is The Home For Sixth Shop, First Franchise Wilhelm Automotive, a family owned and operated auto repair business, has opened the doors on its sixth location and first franchise location in the Scottsdale Airpark.  The North Scottsdale auto repair shop  has been open since December 2012 and celebrated its Grand Opening on January 24. Learn more WILHELM AUTOMOTIVE PUTS EMPHASIS ON TRAINED TECHNICIANS Every year, Wilhelm Automotive, a family owned and operated automotive repair business, makes sure that its technicians are certified to be the most reliable and knowledgeable automotive repair employees available to their customers.  They do this, in part, by having their technicians certified by the non profit Institute of Automotive Service Excellence (ASE).  Wilhelm Automotive currently has five locations in the Valley, and all of the locations have at least three master certified ASE technicians Read the rest As the oldest auto repair service company in Arizona, we have been taking care of our friends and neighbors in the Valley for over 75 years. Family owned and operated, all of us at Wilhelm are dedicated to giving you top quality automotive service—service you can trust. Our ASE certified technicians work with state-of-the-art equipment and the latest technology to provide you with service and repairs you can depend on, mile after mile. Don’t wait for trouble to occur. Contact us today for your free 60 point Auto Safety Check . At Wilhelm Automotive Service Centers, there’s no charge for peace of mind. Cordially, Thom Gyder Wilhelm Automotive named a national Motor Age TOP SHOP In its annual ranking of top automotive repair facilities, Motor Age magazine has recognized Wilhelm Automotive as one of the top ten best shops in the country. Wilhelm Auto was the only shop in Arizona among the top ten. Motor Age, a monthly trade journal supporting independent automotive service providers by providing professional information, made the announcement of their fourth annual Top Shop winners this week. According to Motor Age, Wilhelm ‘demonstrated strengths in marketing, technology in the repair bays, customer relations and community service, among other attributes. We are thrilled to be nationally recognized for the values we uphold in our business every day. For 81 years, our customers and team members have been the heart and soul of our company, and we constantly strive to be the absolute best automotive repair shop in Arizona. We are especially proud that we have accomplished this as a family business for three generations, said Chris Garman, Wilhelm Automotive General Manager. The Top Shop selection process included the review of a thorough application that included a company profile, visual tour and information about Wilhelm Auto’s history, mission, employee philosophy, customer service and community service, among other areas. Wilhelm ranked seventh among the other repair shops from around the nation. Print for later Bookmark in Browser Tell a friend Pin It Comments are closed. Satisfaction Guaranteed At Wilhelm Automotive your satisfaction is guaranteed! We offer a 12 month or 12,000 mile (whichever comes first) warranty on parts and labor unless otherwise stated on your work order. Customer Testimonials You have a well run business with customer service being your main objective. byBlanche A. Surprise Automotive Resources Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) Arizona Department of Transportation (ADOT) Automotive Service Association Consumer tips from the Car Care Council Kelly Blue Book National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Service Arizona (MVD) US EPA Green Vehicle Guide  Servicing Arizona Phoenix Auto Repair  Goodyear Auto Repair  Litchfield Park Auto Repair  Peoria Auto Repair  Surprise Auto Repair  Scottsdale Auto Repair  Cavecreek Auto Repair We KNOW Auto Repair! Air Conditioning Repair Auto Diagnostics Fleet Services Maintenance Auto Repair Service General Auto Repair Recent Updates Your Car Care Questions Answered! Wilhelm Opens up 7th Shop in Phoenix, AZ May A/C Special Third Annual Singleton Moms Charity Gold Event a Success! Car Care: Lexus battery keeps dying Your Car Care Questions Answered! Great Special for Car Care Month! Archived Updates Select Month July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 December 2009 November 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 January 2009 October 2008 Search our site Search for: Newsletter Registration Join our newsletter to receive special offers and valuable coupons. Your personal information is safe and you can always unsubscribe. Name * First Last Email *  Contact | Franchise Info | Locate an Auto Repair Shop in Arizona | Privacy Policy Copyright  2009-2013 AMAR Enterprises dba Wilhelm Automotive - All rights reserved.  