 Museums Arts and Entertainment Features museums whose collections are composed of art and artifacts relating to visual arts, decorative arts, photography, music, architecture, and crafts. Top : Reference : Museums : Arts and Entertainment Art Museums Crafts Photography Decorative Arts Music Film and Media Film and Media Theater Textile and Costume Antiquities Architecture Folk Art See Also: Top/Shopping/Visual Arts/Museum Stores International Museum of Art  Science - General and visitor information, exhibitions, collections, calendar, and museums programs. Located in McAllen, Texas. Chichu Art Museum - Provides art works, visitor information, and programs. Located arts and entertainment on Naoshima. Belvue Museum - Museum about the history of the Belgian Dynasty, museums especially King Baudouin, and the former medieval Palace museums of Emperor Charles V in Brussels. Hollywood Museums - A guide to the many Los Angeles-based museums arts and entertainment reference related to the motion picture industry and Hollywood arts and entertainment reference celebrities. Logic Puzzle Museum - Provides hands-on activities in Burlington, Wisconsin. Find details reference of the reference collection, hours, events, and driving directions. Museum of the City of New York - Exhibitions, collections, public and school programs, images, and arts and entertainment shopping. Madame Tussauds - Provides access to Madame Tussaud\\'s London, London Planetarium and Rock reference Circus as well as Madame Tussaud\\'s in Europe and the reference USA. Janco Dada Museum - Featuring the works of Marcel Janco, the Dada arts and entertainment reference movement, book illustration and crafts. Includes details of arts and entertainment reference programs and workshops, opening hours and contact information. arts and entertainment reference Located in Ein Hod, Israel. [English and arts and entertainment reference Hebrew] Washington Pavilion of Arts and Science - Features exhibits in visual arts, performing arts and reference science. arts and entertainment Includes hours, descriptions of exhibits, photographs, reference educational programs, events and arts and entertainment directions. Located in reference Sioux Falls, South Dakota. American Museum of Magic - Privately owned collection of items related to the arts and entertainment art of magic in Marshall, Michigan. Includes show arts and entertainment dates, admission information, and a location map. National Museums of Scotland - Official site of the Museums of Flight, Agriculture, arts and entertainment reference Costumes, Armed Forces, the Museum of Scotland and arts and entertainment reference the Royal Museum. Includes opening times, an arts and entertainment reference overview of the galleries, events, and directions. Presidents Hall Of Fame - Feature Presidential waxwork figures, memorabilia and miniature replica dioramas of arts and entertainment The White House. Located in Clermont, Florida. Science Fiction Museum and Hall of Fame - Seattle, Washington, museum provides a look at exhibits, museums hours and museums location, a calendar of events, a museums newsletter, and membership details. Bauhaus-Archiv Museum of Design - The Bauhaus-Archiv Berlin researches, documents and presents the reference history of museums the Bauhaus school (1919-1933), the most reference important school for architecture, museums design and art in reference the 20th century. The National Museums of Berlin - Consist of 16 museums, specializing in areas of European and reference extra-European art, archaeology and ethnology. Includes details of collections, reference opening hours, programs, locations and directions. [German and some reference English]. Roberson Museum  Science Center - Features 19th and 20th-century art, history, folk life, science and reference natural history. Includes hours, admission fees, events, programs, membership reference information, and directions. Located in Binghamton, New York. Museum of Comic and Cartoon Art - Formed for collection, preservation, study, education, and display museums of comic arts and entertainment and cartoon art. Includes events, museums educational programs, FAQs, membership arts and entertainment details and volunteer opportunities. museums Located in New York City. arts and entertainment [English museums and Spanish]. Russian Imperial Wax Museum - Exhibitions feature more than 500 figures based on arts and entertainment museums different themes including history, movie stars and the arts and entertainment museums Guinness Book of World Records. Includes hours, arts and entertainment museums admissions and locations. Bona Museum  Gallery - Collection includes Korean women\\'s personal ornaments and folk art throughout museums history. Located in Seoul, Korea. Museum of Mediterranean Masks - Presents the collection of series of Sardinian and Mediterranean arts and entertainment masks. Located in Mamoida, Sardinia, Italy. Museum of Biblical Art - Scholarly museum celebrating art and the Bible. reference New York, NY. The Museum for African Art - Organizer of exhibitions and publishers of books devoted exclusively to historical and contemporary African art. New York. Museum Syndicate: Experience Art and History - Featuring collections by artists, country, museum, date, or reference category. MySQL - Cache Direct Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web. Submit a Site - Open Directory Project - Become an Editor  Copyright  1995-2013 Internet Advertising Solutions, Inc. Home | Copyright Notice | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Directory 