 A notice aboutcookies Citizensinformation.ie uses cookies. Some cookies mayhave been set already. To find out more about our use ofcookies you can visit our privacy and cookies statement . By browsingthis website, you agree to our use of cookies. Hide this message Skip navigation and go to main content Mobile site | Corporate site Accessibility: Home Categories Find information about: Social Welfare Education and Training Housing Money and Tax Health Consumer Affairs Government in Ireland See subcategories.... Employment Travel and Recreation Moving Country Family and Relationships Justice Death and Bereavement Environment My Situation I am... A person with a disability Being made redundant Unemployed Starting a business A carer Looking for employment schemes Going to college See more..... I want to... Apply for a medical card Apply for a GP Visit Card Apply for a passport Apply for a driving licence Get a Police Certificate Buy a used car Register to vote See more..... Find a Centre Citizens Information Centres provide a free, confidential service. Find a Citizens Information Centre in your area: Carlow Cavan Clare Cork Donegal Dublin Galway Kerry Kildare Kilkenny Laois Leitrim Limerick Longford Louth Mayo Meath Monaghan Offaly Roscommon Sligo Tipperary Waterford Westmeath Wexford Wicklow Find an Address What's New  You are here: Home  Travel and Recreation  Motoring  Buying or selling a vehicle  Buying or selling a vehicle Buying a new car in Ireland There are a number of public services associated with buying a new car in Ireland. What should you know about tax, insurance and registering your new car? Change of vehicle ownership If you sell your car in Ireland, you must fill in a Change of Ownership form. The age of your car determines what form you need to complete. Importing a vehicle into Ireland Find out how to import your car and other motor vehicles into Ireland.  This document is in: Moving Country  Moving to Ireland  Coming to live in Ireland How to dispose of an end-of-life vehicle An end-of-life vehicle is a car or small van which is to be scrapped. Find out what you must do if want to dispose of one. Language Gaeilge Most Read in "Travel and Recreation" Motor tax in Ireland Applying for an Irish Passport Renewing an Irish Passport Full driving licence Renewing a full driving licence Contact Us If you have a question relating to this topic you can contact the Citizens Information Phone Service on 0761 07 4000 (Monday to Friday, 9am to 8pm) or you can visit your local Citizens Information Centre . Social Welfare | Employment | Education and Training | Travel and Recreation | Housing | Moving Country | Money and Tax | Family and Relationships | Health | Justice | Consumer Affairs | Death and Bereavement | Government in Ireland | Environment About us | Contact us | Accessibility | Privacy and Cookies | Disclaimer | Re-use of Public Sector Information | Reference documents 