 Sites: GlobalSpec.com | GlobalSpec Electronics | CR4 | Electronics360 FreeRegistration  Products & Services Part by Number Supplier by Name Application Notes Search Electronics: Search Products & Services  Welcome to GlobalSpec! Find parts, products, suppliers, datasheets, and more for: Automotive Cross Reference Products & Services See also: Categories | Featured Products | Technical Articles | Engineering Web Results View Specs Standards and Technical Documents - SASIG Product data quality guidelines for the global automotive industry -- ISO/PAS 26183:2006 Supplier: International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Description: information, including: Attachment A -- Glossary; Attachment B -- Mapping between element types; Attachment C -- Recommended values; Attachment D -- Formsheet; Attachment E -- SASIG-ODETTE cross reference ; Attachment F -- Business case; Attachment G -- Revision request; Attachment H -- XML Supplier Catalog Go To Website  View Specs Standards and Technical Documents - SAE Standard/Document -- J2642_200401 Supplier: SAE International Description: . Not all tests are applicable to all thermoplastic materials. Appendix A contains a cross-reference of appropriate test methods for each family of thermoplastic material. The test methods may change (be added or deleted) in future revisions. This document categorizes the test methods and procedures Supplier Catalog Go To Website  View Specs Standards and Technical Documents - SAE Standard/Document -- J2642 Supplier: SAE International Description: a cross-reference of appropriate test methods for each family of thermoplastic material. The test methods may change (be added or deleted) in future revisions. This document categorizes the test methods and procedures for developing specifications for automotive thermoplastic materials by categories: a. lot Supplier Catalog Go To Website  View Specs Standards and Technical Documents - SAE Standard/Document -- J2071 Supplier: SAE International Description: , in general, depends on the following: a.) Flow quality, b.) Determination of the reference dynamic pressure, c.) Wind tunnel floor boundary layer, d.) Test section geometry and position of the car within that geometry, e.) Shape of the vehicle, f.) Blockage ratio: The ratio of the cross Supplier Catalog Go To Website  View Specs Standards and Technical Documents - SAE Standard/Document -- J639_201112 Supplier: SAE International Description: and/or heating for passenger cars, light trucks and commercial vehicles (on and off road) that use automotive type mobile air conditioning [MAC] systems. Large trucks, buses and other vehicles that do not use typical automotive a/c systems or use refrigerants not listed in this document Supplier Catalog Go To Website  View Specs Standards and Technical Documents - SAE Standard/Document -- J639_201102 Supplier: SAE International Description: systems that provide cooling and/or heating for passenger cars, light trucks and commercial vehicles (on and off road) that use automotive type mobile air conditioning (MAC) systems. Large trucks, buses and other vehicles that do not use typical automotive a/c systems or use refrigerants not listed Supplier Catalog Go To Website  View Specs Voltage Regulators - Wide-Input Synchronous Buck Controller -- TPS40050-Q1 Supplier: Texas Instruments Analog Automotive and Transportation Description: for Automotive Applications Operating Input Voltage 8 V to 40 V Input Voltage Feed-Forward Compensation  1 % Internal 0.7-V Reference Programmable Fixed-Frequency Up to 1 MHz Voltage Mode Controller Internal Gate Drive Outputs for High-Side and Synchronous N-Channel MOSFETs 16-Pin PowerPAD Supplier Catalog Go To Website Download Datasheet Page: 1 Find Suppliers by Category Top Transistors (636 Companies) Search by Specification | Learn More about Transistors Voltage Reference Chips (96 Companies) Search by Specification | Learn More about Voltage Reference Chips Voltage Dividers and Voltage References (65 Companies) Search by Specification | Learn More about Voltage Dividers and Voltage References Featured Products for Automotive Cross Reference Top Microchip Technology, Inc. 8051/80C51 Microcontrollers . (SST) included a legacy 80C51 MCU business, which Microchip has continued to support. "Microchip has a history of supporting customers with long lifetimes on all of our product lines," said Randy Drwinga, vice president at Microchip Technology Inc. "We also have a strong presence in the industrial, automotive and medical markets, and understand that long-lifecycle product support is important to these customers. We welcome anyone currently using NXP's 80C51 MCUs who doesn't wish to redesign... (read more) Browse Memory Chips Datasheets for Microchip Technology, Inc. [if IE]>