 Log In Register Now Help Home Page Today's Paper Video Most Popular Edition: U.S. / Global  Search All NYTimes.com Tuesday, August 27, 2013 Art & Design World U.S. N.Y. / Region Business Technology Science Health Sports Opinion Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music Television Theater Video Games Events Style Travel Jobs Real Estate Autos  Architecture Review Vines and Vintner Beautify a Tuscan Hill By MICHAEL KIMMELMAN  Archea Associati A soaring corkscrew staircase of steel is a centerpiece of the new headquarters of the winemakers Antinori in Bargino, Italy, by the Florence architecture firm Archea. Archea architects of Florence have built a new headquarters for Antinori winemakers in Tuscany. Art Living Large at Yale Gallery By ROBERTA SMITH For such a populist, accessible and at times interactive artist, Red Grooms doesn’t get much respect or exposure these days. A Bigger Closet for Their Art By IAN LOVETT Having transformed workaday bluejeans into high fashion, Maurice and Paul Marciano are now seeking to remake their own legacies as patrons and aggressive collectors of contemporary art with a new museum in Los Angeles. Real People, Contrived Settings By ARTHUR LUBOW Philip-Lorca diCorcia’s “Hustlers” photographic series, first shown at MoMA in 1993 and soon to be displayed in Chelsea, occupy a gray zone between fact and fiction. Slide Show : ‘Hustlers’ Returns August 26, 2013 Marina Abramovic Kickstarter Campaign Passes Goal The campaign, which hoped to raise $600,000, ended up bringing in $661,454 from 4,765 contributors. Ms. Abramovic has promised to hug every person who has contributed. August 23, 2013 Exhibition of Sicilian Antiquities Will Proceed at Cleveland Museum An exhibition of ancient treasures from Sicily that had been canceled last month is back on. August 21, 2013 No, That’s Not a Banksy A Banksy-like mural appeared in Los Angeles, but the British artist says it’s not his. More Design News in ArtsBeat  The Tortured History of Eileen Gray’s Modern Gem By ALICE RAWSTHORN The house that Eileen Gray built for her and her lover in the south of France in the 1920s is an architectural landmark that still is provoking vigorous debate. Design Your Earrings Remind Me of Grandma’s Gran Torino By MARY M. CHAPMAN Colorful dried paint that built up, layer upon layer, in automobile factories as part of the spray-painting process is now being turned into jewelry. Slide Show : Detroit Metal Arts | New Jersey Three Decades of Conversations With Fire By TAMMY LA GORCE An exhibition at Peters Valley School of Craft showcases work created over the last three decades in the school’s anagama kiln, which is valued for the unpredictability of its results. Events in New Jersey | Times Topics: New Jersey Arts Charles Pollock, Designer of Popular Office Chair, Dies at 83 By DOUGLAS MARTIN Mr. Pollock was an industrial designer whose crowning achievement was an office chair characterized by a single aluminum band that held it together, structurally and visually. Museum for African Art Broadens Its Mandate By PATRICIA COHEN After years of delays and stagnating fund-raising, New York’s Museum for African Art is assuming a new identity. C Train Cafe? Transit Agency May Put Up Fight By MATT FLEGENHEIMER The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is issuing hundreds of notices a year to merchants and others for using its logos and imagery without permission. Mexico City Journal These Walls Speak, Recalling Victims of Violence By DAMIEN CAVE A hulking memorial that allows Mexicans to scribble or draw messages about grief and loss has set off of a debate about whether it should be a tribute to all the drug war’s victims or those subjected to abuses by the authorities. Art Review An Urban Park Dotted With Gardens of Whimsy By KEN JOHNSON Playful sculptures abound in “Lightness of Being,” a group show at City Hall Park. Slide Show When Fringes Became Fashion By BARBARA POLLACK “Hippie Chic,” now at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, raises the question of what should be expected from curators picking through clothes from the not-so-distant past. Admit One Escaping the Heat in Art’s Fortress By ANAND GIRIDHARADAS A teenager escapes the summer heat in a museum lobby, then learns she doesn’t have to pay a fee to see the art. Art Review Comfortable Old Friends By ROBERTA SMITH In its new show “American Modern: Hopper to O’Keeffe” the Museum of Modern Art tries to show that the museum did not ignore American artists during its early decades. Slide Show Art Review Ardent Victorian at the Lens By KAREN ROSENBERG “Julia Margaret Cameron” is the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s first solo exhibition of this 19th-century photographer, whose portraits helped the medium grow into a true art. Antiques: Clocks That Have Been Ticking Since Before the Revolution Foundation Fights Fees for Artist’s Trustees For Art Dealers, a New Life on the Fair Circuit House Proud: Pink Robots at the Gate Marvel Superheros to Start Touring Next Year Critic’s Notebook: The Threads That Tie a Show Together Court Gives Kodak Approval to Leave Bankruptcy Where Words Mean as Much as Objects Theft Charges Reverberate in Connecticut Art World Franz West, a Sculptor Who Defied Categories Sotheby’s to Auction Rare Blue Diamond Art: A Photographer’s ‘Tender Ardor’ The Changing Face of a Strong Woman Ruth Asawa, an Artist Who Wove Wire, Dies at 87 Arts | Ridgefield, Conn.: Looking Through the Lens of a Collector One Queens Painter Created Forgeries That Sold for Millions, U.S. Says By PATRICIA COHEN and WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM An art dealer was arrested as part of a scheme to sell dozens of forged masterpieces by artists like Rothko, Pollock and de Kooning, the authorities say. Architecture Review Vines and Vintner Beautify a Tuscan Hill By MICHAEL KIMMELMAN Archea architects of Florence have built a new headquarters for Antinori winemakers in Tuscany. Museum and Gallery Listings for Aug. 23-29 Multimedia Slide Show ‘Hustlers’ Returns A look back at Philip-Lorca diCorcia’s photographs of male prostitutes. Slide Show “Lightness of Being” Playful sculptures abound in a group show at City Hall Park. Slide Show  Slide Show ‘American Modern: Hopper to O’Keeffe’ MoMA’s show includes paintings, drawings, prints, photographs and sculptures by more than 50 artists, bringing together some of the museum’s most celebrated masterworks. Slide Show Paper Gallery: Dreamscapes, Abysses and Radiation Abelardo Morell and Elena Dorfman present unsettling, layered images in their photographs, while the painter Forrest Bass put his nightmares on canvas. Slide Show Grey Gardens With Robot Reindeer Kenny Irwin Jr. has turned his father’s large backyard in Palm Springs, Calif., into a sculpture park. Related Article A Fine Balance August 23, 2013 Profile in Style | The Great American Designs of Tom Scheerer August 21, 2013 By Design | The Kitchen Apron Gets a Stylish Upgrade August 16, 2013 Go to T Magazine  The Scoop New York City iPhone App Get a selection of the listings on your iPhone with The Scoop, The Times’s free guide to what to eat, see and do in New York. Download the iPhone App   Noteworthy cultural events in New York City and beyond. See all event listings   Julie Harris, celebrated actress of range and intensity, dies at 87 Also in Theater  The money's gone; the drama lingers The shed in London transcends the National Theater's shadow  MOST POPULAR - ARTS E-Mailed Blogged Viewed DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd" Architecture Review: Vines and Vintner Beautify a Tuscan Hill Julie Harris, Celebrated Actress of Range and Intensity, Dies at 87 Gilbert Taylor, Celebrated Cinematographer, Dies at 99 A Bigger Closet for Their Art Critic's Notebook: Stubborn Persistence of Pop Louisa Jo Killen, English Folk Singer, Dies at 79 Critic’s Notebook: Examined, the Virtual Life Is Worth Living Hey, Ludwig, There’s an App for You The God of ‘SNL’ Will See You Now ArtsBeat: Zajick Pulls Out of 'Dolores Claiborne' Go to Complete List » Court Is ‘One of Most Activist,’ Ginsburg Says, Vowing to Stay Kerry Cites Clear Evidence of Chemical Weapon Use in Syria Film on Salinger Claims More Books Are Coming Confident Syria Used Chemicals, U.S. Mulls Action In Obama’s High-Level Appointments, the Scales Still Tip Toward Men For New York Mayor Ignoring Qualms, Some Republicans Nurture Dreams of Impeaching Obama In Syria, America Loses if Either Side Wins Text of Kerry’s Statement on Chemical Weapons in Syria We’re All Still Hostages to the Big Banks Go to Complete List  Critic's Notebook: Stubborn Persistence of Pop ArtsBeat: MTV Awards Show Prompts Familiar Complaint Architecture Review: Vines and Vintner Beautify a Tuscan Hill Critic’s Notebook: Examined, the Virtual Life Is Worth Living Julie Harris, Celebrated Actress of Range and Intensity, Dies at 87 The God of ‘SNL’ Will See You Now Critic’s Notebook: Young Innocence? Been There, Done That Gilbert Taylor, Celebrated Cinematographer, Dies at 99 ArtsBeat: Weekly Ticket Sales Drop Under $1 Million for Broadway's 'Spider-Man' Louisa Jo Killen, English Folk Singer, Dies at 79 Go to Complete List »  New Eco-Friendly Condos In Gramercy Park  2013 The New York Times Company Site Map Privacy Your Ad Choices Advertise Terms of Sale Terms of Service Work With Us RSS Help Contact Us Site Feedback  