   SodaHeadlines Entertainment Living Fun & Humor  games  sports  music  fashion  News & Politics  Leaderboard entertainment SodaHead Entertainment is your source for A-list discussions on the celebs you love -- or love to hate. Your opinion is the star of the show, so browse questions and blogs for the latest celebrity news and gossip and give your best take. Lamar's Drug Binge: Real or Rumor? by Aly1234 Lamar Odom supposedly went missing from his home and was not heard from for over 72 hours -- and the main concern is that he was out on a drug binge. Is 'Law and Order' Seeking Attention? by Aly1234 The popular crime show "Law and Order: SVU" will air an episode inspired by the controversy that surrounds Trayvon Martin and Paula Deen. Whos Your Favorite NCIS Character? Was Mileys Performance Too Much? Craziest Moment from the MTV VMAs? Hot Featured Recent Should the U.S. wait for the United Nations before taking action in Syria?  The United Nations team investigating an alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria was fired upon Monday by snipers. 351 opinions  by Fox Report with Shepard Smith 1 day ago Do You Feel Sorry for Mike Tyson?  Mike Tyson said recently that he is still battling drug and alcohol abuse. He states that he is dying, and wants the public to forgive him for all the wrongs he has done in his life. 466 votes  by Aly1234 2 days ago Should Aziz Ansari Get $3.5 Million for Writing a Book?  Take that, Lena Dunham. "Parks and Recreation" star and stand-up comedian Aziz Ansari is writing a book... and he's getting $3.5 million for it. 332 votes  by AdriHead 3 days ago The Black Keys Dan Auerbach Loses Bob Dylans Hair in Divorce: Would You Fight for Dylans Hair?  A lot of us have weird collections and souvenirs, but Dan Auerbach of The Black Keys officially tops the list for this bizarre treasure. 273 votes  by Augustana 3 days ago Should Army Provide Hormone Therapy to Bradly Manning in Prison?  The US soldier who was sentenced to 35 years in prison last week as Bradley Manning now wants to be referred to as Chelsea Manning, a woman. 1,138 opinions  by AdriHead 4 days ago North West Makes Her Debut! Does She Look More Like Kim or Kanye?  The moment has arrived! Two months after North West was born, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have finally revealed their baby girl to the world. 598 votes  by AdriHead 4 days ago Slideshow Kelly Clarkson Cancels Big Wedding, Plans to Elope Instead: Most Bizarre Celebrity Wedding?  The wedding is off! Well, sort of. Kelly Clarkson was planning to have a big wedding with fiance Brandon Blackstock. But now, they're going to elope. 2,393 votes  by SodaHead Slideshows 4 days ago Which movie star is best in the role of Batman?  Ben Affleck will star as a new incarnation of the Dark Knight in a film bringing Batman and Superman together. 25,207 votes  by FoxNews.com 4 days ago Is Kate Middleton a MILF?  Kate Middleton has been honored with the term MILF... by none other than Snooki from "The Jersey Shore." 442 votes  by AdriHead 4 days ago Should James Franco Get His Own Reality Show? (He Just Did)  On Wednesday, a less-than-enthusiastic James Franco announced via Instagram that he'll be the star of a new reality show. 381 votes  by AdriHead 4 days ago Prison Break Star Wentworth Miller Comes Out as Gay in Protest of Russias Anti-Gay Laws: Will All These Protests Affect Russias...  "Prison Break" star Wentworth Miller declined an invitation to go to a Russian film festival... and said he was doing it because he's gay. 375 votes  by AdriHead 5 days ago Is Kanye West Our Most Dangerous Entertainer?  Recently, Spin spoke to Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails about Kanye West, and Reznor deemed the rapper "the most dangerous entertainer of 2013." 393 votes  by Augustana 5 days ago Would Kanye West Be a Good American Idol Judge?  According to reports, Kanye West was offered a judging spot on "American Idol" but turned it down because it was "too mainstream." What a hipster. 444 votes  by AdriHead 5 days ago One Direction Star Zayn Malik Is Engaged: Is 20 Too Young to Get Married?  Pop star Zayn Malik, one of the singers in the UK boy band "One Direction" is engaged. But is 20 way too young to tie the knot? 518 votes  by Aly1234 5 days ago Was Dr. Phils Tweet Out of Hand?  Dr. Phil often takes to Twitter to generate talking points for his talk show. Recently he posted, "if a girl is drunk is it OK to have sex with her?" 376 votes  by Aly1234 5 days ago Ke$has Back Up Dancers Perform for the Westboro Baptist Church: Awesome or Ineffective?  The Westboro Baptist Church decided to show up to protest Ke$ha's concert in Lincoln, Nebraska. And the pop star had quite a treat for them. 258 votes  by Aly1234 6 days ago Slideshow Cyber Crooks Target Kim K and Others in Latest Stealing Scandal: Star Whos Had the Worst Luck With Thieves?  Two cyber crooks have been arrested for stealing the identities of Kim Kardashian, Paris Hilton and others, the Secret Service confirms. 400 votes  by SodaHead Slideshows 6 days ago Do You Like Lindsay Lohans Style? (She Has a Fashion Blog Now)  Lindsay Lohan shows no signs of slowing down post-rehab. Now, she's launched a fashion blog. 236 votes  by Fergie 6 days ago Do You Want to See NSYNC Reunite?  The Backstreet Boys are back, so it was only a matter of time before 'NSYNC reunited too. 448 votes  by Fergie 6 days ago Do You Watch Netflixs Orange Is the New Black?  Netflix is on the rise. The streaming media site has another "must watch" show exclusively available online, called "Orange Is the New Black." 832 votes  by AdriHead 7 days ago Royal Couple Releases Official Portrait of Prince George: Awesome or Underwhelming?  The first official family portrait of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge with their newborn baby Prince George is finally here! 522 votes  by AdriHead 7 days ago Do You Still Watch MTVs Real World?  MTV's reality show about attractive 20-somethings living in a house together and "keeping it real" has been renewed for a 29th season. 436 votes  by AdriHead 7 days ago Lady Gaga and Perez Hilton Feud on Twitter: Whose Side Are You On?  Former best friends are now enemies. Celebrity gossip blogger Perez Hilton is in a feud with the "Mother Monster" herself, Lady Gaga. 392 votes  by Aly1234 7 days ago Lindsay Lohan Admits She Was Addicted to Alcohol, But Has Now Changed: Is She Done Being a Bad Girl for Good?  In a candid interview, Lindsay Lohan revealed to Oprah that she was finally done abusing substances, and is now in a happier and healthier place. 447 votes  by Aly1234 2013/08/19 19:00:00 Hulk Hogan Wants Chris Hemsworth to Play Him in Biopic: Appropriate or Delusional?  The famed WWE wrestler said in a statement that if there was ever going to be a movie about him, he would want Chris Hemsworth to play him. 346 votes  by Aly1234 2013/08/19 18:47:20 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 177 Next  Last  Entertainment 2013/08/27 19:09:16  Hot Questions on SodaHead Was Miley Cyrus Performance Fun -- or Way Too Much? 91% voted Way too much.  Do you agree? music Miley Twerks, Nsync Reunites and Gaga Wears a Thong: What Was the Craziest Moment from the MTV VMAs? 73% voted Miley Cyrus' perf...  Do you agree? entertainment Lamar Odom Goes Missing, Possibly on Drug Binge: Real or Rumor? 63% voted Real  Do you agree? entertainment NCIS Star Welcomes Newborn Son: Whos Your Favorite Character on the Show? 40% voted Leroy Gibbs  Do you agree? slideshow Law and Order: SVU to Air a Paula Deen  Trayvon Martin Inspired Episode: Are They Attempting to Raise Awareness or Ratings? 80% voted Ratings  Do you agree? tv More Hot Questions Should Aziz Ansari Get $3.5 Million for Writing a Book? 57% voted No  Do you agree? entertainment North West Makes Her Debut! Does She Look More Like Kim or Kanye? 56% voted Kim Kardashian  Do you agree? entertainment Should James Franco Get His Own Reality Show? (He Just Did) 65% voted No  Do you agree? tv Is Kate Middleton a MILF? (Snooki Thinks So) 51% voted No  Do you agree? entertainment Is Kanye West Our Most Dangerous Entertainer? 65% voted No  Do you agree? music The Black Keys Dan Auerbach Loses Bob Dylans Hair in Divorce: Would You Fight for Dylans Hair? 81% voted No  Do you agree? Weird News Prison Break Star Wentworth Miller Comes Out as Gay in Protest of Russias Anti-Gay Laws: Will All These Protests Affect Russias Policy? 85% voted No  Do you agree? entertainment Ben Affleck Will Play Batman in New Movie: Which Actor Is the Best for the Role of Batman? 35% voted Christian Bale  Do you agree? film Do You Feel Sorry for Mike Tyson? 56% voted No  Do you agree? entertainment Kelly Clarkson Cancels Big Wedding, Plans to Elope Instead: Most Bizarre Celebrity Wedding? 43% voted Pamela Anderson  Do you agree? slideshow More Community More Originals Hot Entertainment Groups Tweeny Bopppers  Emo Kids  Twilight Kids  View All  Login Register  Ask Ask a Question  Create a Poll Widget Answer Hot Questions  Recent Questions  Discover Find People  Groups  Slideshows Hot Topics Miley Cyrus Music Sports Games more  Topics: Music Kim Kardashian Miley Cyrus Games Sports Amanda Bynes more  Site Links Ask a Question Create a Poll Widget Hot Questions Slideshows Topics News  Politics Opinions Entertainment Opinions Living Opinions Fun  Humor Sitemap Help FAQs Help Find Friends Contact Us Report Abuse Terms of Use Privacy Code of Conduct About SodaHead About Us Advertise with us Poll Widget Samples Polling Solutions Pollware @SodaHead on Twitter Like us on Facebook  2013 SodaHead.com All Rights Reserved 