 Select a Model Accord Coupe Accord Sedan Accord Plug-In Civic Coupe Civic Hybrid Sedan Civic HF Sedan Civic Natural Gas Civic Sedan Civic Si Coupe Civic Si Sedan Crosstour CR-V SUV CR-Z Sport Hybrid FCX Clarity Electric Vehicle Fit 5-Door Fit EV Insight Hybrid Odyssey Minivan Pilot SUV Ridgeline Truck Hybrid and Alternative Fuel Vehicles All Models Certified Used Cars Future Models  Concepts Find a Dealer Build Your Honda Request a Quote Compare Vehicles Overview Options & Pricing Specifications Gallery Photos 360 Views & Colors Videos Features Exterior Interior i-MID System Eco Assist Performance Safety Environment Audio Accessories  Build Your Civic Coupe Request a Quote Compare Vehicles Estimate Payments Current Offers Financing  Get a Brochure Get a Brochure Get brochure by mail Download Brochure Download Fact Sheet Download Full Line Brochure E-Mail Updates  Get information, offers and more.   Forward Warranty Find us on Facebook  Personalize it The intelligent Multi-Information Display (i-MID) connects you with music, text messages, and more. A Matter of Value Great value is built into every Honda we make. So is a long list of standard features.  Safety Features See how Civic is safety-conscious. Upscale Comfort Enjoy the revitalized premium interior and high-tech instrument panel. Awards, Accolades & Ratings The Civic is the first small car to earn the 2013 IIHS TOP SAFETY PICK +  New & Notable The Honda Summer Clearance Event is going on right now. Get a great deal on your favorite Honda. See offers . Honda Music Festival The 2013 Austin City Limits Music Festival, sponsored by Honda, plays host to some of the biggest names in music. Check out more than 130 artists over two weekends, Oct. 4-6 and Oct. 11-13, at Zilker Park in Austin. See the full lineup .  The 2013 Honda Civic Tour ignites with Maroon 5. Don’t miss out on their live show as they set out on their cross-country tour. Find the latest info here . The Civic was named one of Kelley Blue Book's KBB.com 10 Coolest New Cars Under $18,000 of 2013. For more information, visit www.kbb.com . Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. What’s better than being the best? Being the best, three times over. Kelley Blue Book’s KBB.com has honored Honda with three of its 2013 Brand Image Awards: Best Overall Brand, Most Trusted Brand, and Best Value Brand. 2013 Kelley Blue Book Brand Image Awards are based on the Brand Watch™ study from Kelley Blue Book Market Intelligence. Award calculated among non-luxury shoppers. For more information, visit www.kbb.com . Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co., Inc. Honda continues to rack up the hardwareEdmunds.com named the 2013 Honda Civic as the Best Retained Value  Coupe under $25K.  The Civic is the first small car to earn the 2013 IIHS TOP SAFETY PICK + rating. Learn more . The Fastest Seat in Sports Sweepstakes You’ve dreamt it. Now’s your chance to do it. Experience Honda Racing firsthand and enter for your chance to lead the field in the IZOD IndyCar  2-seater driven by a racing legend like Mario Andretti. (No purchase necessary. See Official Rules .) Congratulations to the 2013 Civic for being named to KBB’s Best Resale Value Top 10 list. Learn more . KBB.com honored the 2013 Civic with its Best Resale Value Award in the compact car category. Learn more . $17,965 [1] Suggested Starting Price MPG Rating [2] : 28 CITY 39 HWY  Current Offers Current ZIP Code: change Please enter your home ZIP Code to see current offers for your area. Home ZIP Code Please enter a 5-digit ZIP Code  See your Honda dealer for any available local offers. See your Honda dealer for any available local offers. Which Civic Coupe Fits? Pricing options by starting MSRP[ 1 ] $17,965 LX $20,015 EX $22,265 EX-L En Espaol Customer Service/FAQs Owner Resources Mobile Site All Honda Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 2013 American Honda Motor Co., Inc . All information contained herein applies to U.S. vehicles only. Honda Worldwide . AdChoices  [1] MSRP excluding tax, license, registration, $790.00 destination charge and options. Dealer prices may vary. [2] 28 city/39 highway mpg rating for automatic transmission models. Based on 2013 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle. SiteCatalyst code version: H.22.1.Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  