 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Arts  Entertainment Music Recording Music Schools for the Recording Arts  Business Entertainment Schools for the Recording Arts  Business Entertainment By LeslieM , eHow Contributor Share Print this article With today's ever-evolving technology, aspiring music producers, recording engineers, promoters and managers must have a thorough understanding of the latest tools, trends and methods. A comprehensive education is key to succeeding in the music and entertainment industry. These schools teach essential skills while encouraging artistic creativity and preparing students for a professional career in music and entertainment. Other People Are Reading Grants for Recording Arts Degree Top Recording Arts Schools Emerson College Emerson College offers a diverse curriculum for those interested in media production, with concentrations that include film, television, radio and recording arts. In addition to numerous production and recording courses, students of Emerson's Visual and Media Arts major are required to take several prerequisite classes to learn the history and theory of their respective fields. Students have access to a range of equipment as well as numerous production and post-production facilities stocked with the latest software and technologies. The college is home to award-winning local radio station WERS and campus radio station WECB. Emerson College 120 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02116 (617) 824-8500 emerson.edu Berklee College of Music Berklee is more than a conservatory for aspiring musicians; it also offers an array of business and production courses. Majors at Berklee include Contemporary Writing and Production, Electronic Production and Design, Film Scoring, Music Business/Management and Music Production and Engineering. Students have access to numerous professional-grade lab and studio facilities. Campus organizations include student-run venues, record labels, an Internet radio station and the Music Business Journal. Berklee College of Music 1140 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02215 (617) 266-1400 berklee.edu Full Sail University Full Sail University is devoted entirely to entertainment media. Music aficionados can earn bachelor's degrees in Music Business, Music Production, Recording Arts and Show Production. At Full Sail, students make connections with high-profile industry professionals and are given the tools they need to stay informed about their industry. Resources at Full Sail include professional-grade recording and production equipment and facilities. Many courses are available online, and many students complete their degrees in about half the time of a typical four-year institution. Full Sail University 3300 University Blvd. Winter Park, FL 32792 (800) 226-7625 fullsail.edu  Related Searches References Emerson College Berklee College of Music Full Sail University More Like This Grants for Recording Arts Degree Top Recording Arts Schools Top Schools for Recording Arts Technology Comments You May Also Like Florida Recording Arts Schools Florida Recording Arts Schools. Contrary to what many people might assume, well-known music hubs such as New York, Nashville or Los Angeles... Cover Art  Design: Music Business Tips for the Independent Recording Artist Learn the right way to design your physical packaging and cover art in this free music business tips video for independent recording... Online Colleges for Music Production Full Sail University offers a Bachelor of Science degree in Music Production. Founded more than 30 years ago, Full Sail University offers... Beauty Schools in Massachusetts Beauty Schools in Massachusetts. Massachusetts provides a range of cosmetology training programs throughout the state to prepare and train students for a... Music Recording Schools Music Recording Schools. The music industry offers many careers, some in the limelight and others behind the scenes. A recording arts education... Online Recording Arts Schools Online Recording Arts Schools. If you love music and enjoy learning about it, you might find that an online recording arts school... Top Recording Arts Schools Top Recording Arts Schools. Recording arts is both a profession and a trade. Recording arts can be studied at a variety of... Related Ads  Check It Out Learn to Sew, for Free! You May Like Top Schools for Recording Arts Technology Schools of Recording Arts The Best Recording Arts Schools Online Recording Arts Schools California Schools for the Recording Arts Digital Recording Arts Schools Recording Arts Trade Schools Schools for Recording Arts in Indiana Featured 10 Great No-Cut Hair Changes View Photos How to Avoid Breaking Guitar Strings Read Article 9 Hassle-Free Ways to Liven Up Walls View Photos Others Also Viewed How to Set Up an Entertainment Business Plan The History of the Music Entertainment Business Top Recording Arts Schools U.S. Music Schools for Talented Teenagers The Effects of TV on the Entertainment Business ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 