    Join the AAN email list!  Art All Night - Trenton Creates Online Campaign To Bring Live Iron Pour Back For Second Year! Organizers of  Art All Night – Trenton 2012 are rallying community support to bring the artists from AbOmInOg Intl. Arts Collective and their dramatic live nighttime iron pour to this year's event on June 16-17. The Kickstarter campaign aims to raise the $4,000 necessary to transport their massive portable furnace and metal crafting equipment to the event site. The campaign has until Sunday, May 20 at 7:54pm EDT to raise the remaining funds ($1,390 at time of this release). There are multiple levels at which backers can pledge support, and those pledging at least $50 will walk away with a fresh-from-the-flames, limited edition  cast-iron medallion. Read the full story... More Then 15,000 Expected To Attend Art All Night - Trenton 2012, June 16  17 In the coming weeks, Trenton's historic Roebling Wire Works building will come alive with activity as Art All Night – Trenton ramps up for its sixth annual event on June 16 and 17. The 24-hour art and entertainment festival drew more than 13,000 visitors and 900 pieces of artwork from across the region to the capital city last year, and organizers are predicting even larger numbers this year.  Read the full story... Community Partners Come Together To Create a Masterpiece Saturday, May 5, 2012, Trenton community members of all ages and generations are invited to come to the Artworks facility, located at 19 Everett Alley, Trenton, NJ for its 3rd annual Art Making Day – a free community event allowing participants to create unique and diverse pieces of original artwork under the direction of some of the region’s most talented and skilled art instructors. Read the full story... Art All Night 201 1 Seeks 350 Volunteers For Its 5th Annual Arts Festival Art All Night 2011 seeks the assistance of approximately 350 volunteers during its 24-hour exhibit on the weekend of June 18-19, 2011. The entire event is volunteer led and driven, from planning to execution. Art All Night is largely unique, bringing together a diverse group of individuals from all over the State of New Jersey as well as Bucks County (PA) interested in building community and awareness for the local arts, artists and the revitalization of the city of Trenton. Read the full story... Click Here to visit our news archive...   Click here to visit all of our sponsors!   Art All Night – Trenton is produced by Artworks: Trenton’s Downtown Visual Art Center. Artworks promotes artistic diversity by fostering creativity, learning, and appreciation of the arts. Our classes, exhibitions, and events make art an accessible experience for all. For more information on our art classes and upcoming gallery shows please visit www.artworkstrenton.org  