 2014 Toyota Corolla Review - Video 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Review Top 10 Cheapest Leases Midsize Sedan Comparo Auto Insurance New Cars Used Cars Car Reviews Tips and Advice Auto Shows Auto News Forums X Video Auto Insurance Compare Cars Spy Photos Top 10 Ask AutoGuide Car Loans Home / Auto News / News article: Acura Teases New Crossover Concept 2014 Audi A4 to be Lighter, More Stylish Range Rover Evoque Convertible... Acura Teases New Crossover Concept Colum Wood | Apr 08, 7:06 AM 1 Comment Tweet  Acura is looking to bolster its crossover lineup in the near future, teasing a new concept model ahead of its world premiere at the Auto Shanghai show in China on April 20th. The design sketch carries over style cues from the new MDX and RDX crossovers and points towards the possible addition of a third crossover for the Acura brand. While Hondas luxury division currently does offer three utility vehicles, the low-selling ZDX is being axed this year. In a short release, Acura announced nothing other than that the teaser is of a global concept model. SEE ALSO: 2014 Acura MDX First Look With Hondas recent decision to develop a Fit-based crossover for the US, this new concept could preview a model to slot in below the RDX in the brands lineup, creating a competitor to cars like the BMW X1 and Audi Q3. A larger Honda/Acura release did, however, suggest that this may simply be a preview of a Chinese-market specific model, which would likely just be a modified version of a current Acura product, like the new 2014 MDX. In addition to this new mystery crossover, Acura will also be showing a China-market specific version of its new RLX flagship sedan at the Auto Shanghai show, which will also mark the first time the NSX Concept has been on display in that country. ***UPDATE*** Acura PR Boss Chuck Schifsky has confirmed the concept is specific to the Chinese market and has no relation to future US product plans. GALLERY: Acura NSX Concept Discuss this story at AcuraWorld.com Filed under: Acura Auto Show News Concept Cars Crossovers Featured Articles Japanese Luxury Cars Tags: Acura , Concept Cars , crossover , Honda , Luxury Cars More Auto News... Forum link startJoin an Online Community... PorscheBuddies.netEnd Forum link Acura To Unveil RL Successor, Drop TL Or TSX Acura Will Keep its Beak into the Future May 2012 Automotive Industry Sales Roundup Top 10 Cars of the Detroit Auto Show  Bill Butters Looks a lot like the Honda Urban SUV Concept. Know something we don't? Send us your Tips! Get AutoGuide.com in Your Inbox  Car Comparisons 2013 Honda Civic Si Coupe  vs  1998 Acura Integra Type-R 2013 Honda Civic Si vs 1998 Acura Integra Type R Front wheel drive performance coupes. 1998 vs 2013. Is newer always better? 2013 Ford C-Max vs. 2013 Toyota Prius v Comparison Test Niche products, which of these two hybrids combines the best features, fuel economy, price and practicality for your family. 2013 Toyota Prius vs. 2013 Volkswagen Jetta Hybrid In a recent comparison the Prius bested the Jetta TDI. Now with the Jetta Hybrid on the market, Volkswagen has requested a rematch. 2013 Range Rover Evoque Coupe vs. 2013 MINI Paceman Cooper S Competing in a segment all their own the MINI Paceman and Range Rover Evoque aren’t really rivals, unless you’re looking for something tremendously original. 2013 Nissan Pathfinder vs 2013 Hyundai Santa Fe With a hefty price gap between the well-equipped Santa Fe and Pathfinder is the best family vehicle the more affordable option or is this a case of getting what you pay for? 2013 Ford Focus ST vs 2013 Mazdaspeed3 After dominating the hot hatch segment in North America for years, has the Mazdaspeed3 finally met its match in the European-inspired Focus ST?  Top Video Pick 2014 Audi R8 V10 Plus Review - Video CLOSE X 2014 Audi R8 V10 Plus Review - Video  Jul. 04, 2013 Meeting and even exceeding expectations when it comes to both style and performance, the R8 V10 Plus is both incredibly refined and surprisingly violent. READ FULL STORY Cheapest AWD Cars and Crossovers Subaru Impreza Jeep Patriot Subaru Legacy Follow @Autoguide Youtube Google+ Pinterest RSS  Also on Pulse , Zite , Currents , Flipboard Newsletter  Join the AutoGuide.com Weekly Newsletter to get the latest automotive news, reviews and alerts.  X Facebook Activity Car Buying Tools Find a Dealer near your area Free dealer Price Quote Vehicle History Report Get a Free Insurance Quote Most Popular 2013-2014 Midsize Sedan Comparison 67 comments Are mid-size sedans all the car most people need? Some would argue yes. Unless your family exceeds five people, the majority of driving endeavors can be accomplished with one of these family sedans. Some may want a larger vehicle, or a sportier one, but from a purely practical standpoint, a mid-size sedan has you covered. 2015 Ford Mustang to Shed 400 Pounds 55 comments When the 2015 Ford Mustang surfaces, not only will it feature an independent rear suspension and a turbocharged engine, it could weigh as much as 400 pounds less than the current model. The current Ford Mustang V6 weighs in at 3,523 pounds with an automatic transmission and as the American automaker searches for ways to Toyota FJ Cruiser Axed After 2014 Model Year 28 comments According to Toyotas fleet site, the 2014 FJ Cruiser will be discontinued after the 2014 model year. Last orders for the Toyota FJ Cruiser will be due in June 2014 for the FJ Cruiser, which originally debuted in 2006 as a 2007 model. The first couple of years, the FJ Cruiser enjoyed great sales in Scion FR-S to Get More Power From Larger Engine 18 comments It comes as no surprise to hear that Toyota is working to generate more power for its popular 86 model, known as the Scion FR-S in America. The latest report does, however, contradict past rumors of a turbocharged engine, instead pointing towards something larger under the hood. The chief engineer of the 86, Tetsuya Tada, Chevrolet Cruze Recalled for Brake Assist Defect 18 comments General Motors is issuing out a recall on 292,879 Chevrolet Cruze sedans in the U.S. over a brake assist defect that has caused 27 low-speed crashes. The recall affects 2011-2012 model year Cruze vehicles equipped with the 1.4-liter, turbo engine and six-speed automatic transmission. The American automaker didnt delve into details on what caused the Find Your Next Car New Used Price Quote Select a Make Select Make First Select a Make Select Make First  Latest Videos Volvo Teasing New Concept Before Frankfurt Debut 1 comments Trying to shed its image of boring vanilla styled cars, Volvo is going to debut a new concept car at the Frankfurt Motor Show that is a major departure from the current lineup of Volvos.  Parts of the concept are seen in the video below for a split-second, just long enough for us to see Most Watched Videos of the Week: August 17  24, 2013 It comes as little surprise that the most popular car video on AutoGuides YouTube channel this week was our first look at the BMW M4 Concept. Our own Craig Cole takes a humorous look at the stunning new BMW sports car while Editor-in-Chief Colum Wood hops behind the wheel of a Porsche 911 to talk Dax Shepard on Lamborghini Super Trofeo Dax Shepard started his rise to fame on the hit MTV show Punkd and since has been seen in a variety of television shows and movies including Employee of the Month and Parenthood. The comedian, actor, and director also now takes on the role of Lamborghini driver, having competed at the inaugural North American Super Trofeo Toyota Debuts The Ultimate Endurance Race Short Film 2 comments Whoever would have thought the Prius would one day lead Toyota to the 24 Hours of Le Mans to challenge for victory? Yes, the Japanese automakers expertise in gasoline-electric propulsion were on display this past June when it arrived at the world famous race track to battle Audi for endurance racing supremacy. As the narrator Toyota 2013 Le Mans 24 Hours Video Teaser Released At this years Le Mans 24 Hours, Toyota couldnt best rival Audi on the track finishing in second and fourth place, but team is extremely proud of its accomplishments. Campaigning its TS-030 hybrid, the Japanese automaker has proven to Audi that its a force to be reckoned with in the FIA World Endurance Championship series. Concept Cars Infiniti Q30 Concept Courts Younger Buyers In a mix of contemporary design and everyday practicality, Infiniti just released the first image of its Q30 concept bound for the Frankfurt Motor Show on September 10. The concept mixes design elements that build on style cues currently seen in the new Q50 sedan, but in a five-door hatchback package. Aside from the liftgate, Toyota Hybrid R 420-HP Powertrain Detailed The Toyota Yaris Hybrid-R concept may look a little silly, but as the saying goes, its whats inside that counts. Under the 3-door Yaris custom bodywork is an all-new hybrid system, which is believed to preview a future road-going system in an upcoming performance car. Under the hood is a 1.6-liter 4-cylinder engine, which doesnt Most Watched Videos of the Week: August 17  24, 2013 It comes as little surprise that the most popular car video on AutoGuides YouTube channel this week was our first look at the BMW M4 Concept. Our own Craig Cole takes a humorous look at the stunning new BMW sports car while Editor-in-Chief Colum Wood hops behind the wheel of a Porsche 911 to talk Nissan, Infiniti Concept Cars Preview the Future: Nissan 360 Concept cars easily some of the most exciting vehicles, packing next-generation technology and styling that may (or may not) ever see production. At the recent Nissan 360 event held in Southern California, the Japanese automaker brought along its current crop of concepts for us to pour over. Some may move directly into production, while others Infiniti Emerg-E Concept First Drive  Video It’s not every day you get to sit inside a concept car, and driving one is an even rarer occurrence since these special vehicles are typically one-offs that are more precious than gold to automakers. Against the odds AutoGuide got a very brief test drive of the beautiful Infiniti Emerg-E show car at the Nissan BMW X5 eDrive Plug-in Hybrid Concept Revealed BMW has revealed the X5 eDrive concept ahead of its official debut at the 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show. The newest SUV concept from the German automaker combines the driving pleasure of xDrive intelligent all-wheel drive with a plug-in hybrid drivetrain. The Concept X5 eDrive has a top speed of 75 mph, a maximum electric-only range BMW Designs Concept Car Specifically for Gamers Polyphony Digitals Gran Turismo franchise is much more than a video game. It spawns real race car drivers through the Playstation GT Academy in partnership with Nissan each year, and now BMW is releasing a teaser image showing a concept car designed specifically for the game. “Gran Turismo and BMW share a genetic passion for Opel Monza Concept Encourages Futuristic Hitchhiking The future is full of technology for General Motors subsidiaries Opel and Vauxhall. Images and technical details surrounding a concept car slated for the Frankfurt Motor Show were released today, previewing what the brands designers and engineers are developing for future products. Opel seems to be putting a strong emphasis on connected car technology in Audi Sport Quattro Concept Might See Limited Run There could be more to look forward to when Audi unveils its Sport Quattro concept in Frankfurt next month. Rumored to carry a twin-turbo 4.0-liter V8 mated with an electric motor for a shocking 0-60 sprint around three seconds, the 2+2 sports car might actually become a real car. A new report by Automotive News citing Nissan Teases Sedan Concept that Could Come to Detroit Nissan will be heading to the 2014 Detroit Auto Show with a sedan concept, previewed at a media event today in California. Unfortunately, few details about the sedan concept have been revealed. What it does offer is a low, swooping profile that could be the Japanese automakers answer to the resurgent of popular sports cars Categories Acura Audi BMW Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford Honda Hyundai Infiniti Kia Lexus Mercedes-Benz Nissan Porsche Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Videos Hybrids Electric Cars Economy Cars Sub-Compact Cars Compact Cars Sedans Luxury Cars Sports Cars Exotics Minivans SUVs Trucks Crossovers Coupes Convertibles Diesel Cars Concept Cars Race Cars Motorsports See All Categories CLOSE X AutoGuide.com News Categories Manufacturers AMG Abarth Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Aud BMW BYD Beijing Auto Bentley Bugatti Buick Cadillac Caterham Chery Chevrolet Chrysler Dacia DeTomaso Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GM GMC Geely Gumpert HUMMER Holden Honda Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Koenigsegg Lada Lagonda Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MINI Mahindra Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Pagani Panoz Peugeot Pininfarina Pontiac Porsche Radical Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Ruf SEAT SMART SRT Saab Saleen Saturn Scion Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tata Tesla Toyota VVC Volkswagen Volvo Wiesmann Other Categories Concept Cars Recall Notice Safety Spy Photos Technology Uncategorized Videos Weird News MANUFACTURERS BY REGION American Australian British Chinese European French German India Italian Japanese Korean Romanian Russian Swedish Vehicle Types Compact Cars Convertibles Coupes Crossovers Diesel Cars Economy Cars Electric Cars Exotics Family Sedans Hatchbacks Hybrids Luxury Cars Minivans Race Cars Sedans Sports Cars SUVs Trucks Wagons Shows and Events Auto Show News Events SEMA Motorsports ALMS Drag Racing Drifting DTM Formula 1 GrandAm IndyCar Le Mans NASCAR SPEED World Challenge Super GT V8 Supercars WRC Aftermarket Modified American Modified Euro Modified Import Products Tires Wheels Lifestyle Accessories Apparel  Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda Mercedes Benz Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo New Cars Used Cars Car Reviews Auto News Auto Shows Forums About Us Editorial Staff Privacy Statement Terms of Service Advertising Info Site Map RSS Contact Us  2013 VerticalScope Inc. All rights reserved.  Your browser is out of date! Update your browser for free for improved security and a modern web browsing experience: Internet Explorer , Google Chrome or Firefox 