  Featured Jobs  Internships  Job Title/Location Company  Broadcast   Production Systems Administrator Los Angeles, CA American  Public Media Marketing  and Administrative Coordinator Los Angeles, CA Marketing  Company Operations  Manager for Television Executive Los Angeles, CA Television  Company Operations  Manager for Television Executive Chicago, IL Television  Company Entertainment  Manager New England New  England Gaming  Entertainment Producers,  Associate Producers, Production Assistants Chicago, IL Nationally  Syndicated TV Show Account  Executive New York, NY 1010  WINS About This Site Our mission is to help individuals at all levels from the most inexperienced intern to the most expert senior executive find work and advance in their careers in the entertainment industry. In addition to jobs and internships from some of the top employers in the business, we provide editorial targeted to job search in film, television, radio, cable and in those businesses that support the industry (i.e., advertising, marketing, finance, graphic arts, etc.). From comprehensive how to find work articles targeted to specific functions (production assistant, marketing, sales, news, hosting, etc.), to notices on upcoming competitions (screen play contests, film festivals, fellowships, etc.), to an up to date calendar of industry events, we seek to provide relevant information to help job seekers find work and advance in their careers in the industry. Since1992, thousands and thousands of job seekers from recent film school graduates to seasoned industry professionals have relied on us to help them get the information they need to make informed career choices. Our readers include employees at the top movie and television studios, cable networks, post production houses, major market broadcast stations and leading industry associations. Career Development How To Apply For Film or TV Production Jobs How To Get Y our Foot in the Door: An LA Internship How To Get Your First Job in Entertainment Film Production Crew Leads To Films Crewing Up Get information on what films  TV shows are prepping to shoot and where to mail your credits/resume. Learn more here . Events Calendar Featured Event November 16 - 18 Â The Creative Talent Network Animation Expo Â presented by the Creative Talent Network. Burbank, CA. (800) 604-2238. Website: http://www.ctnanimationexpo.com To view more events, click here .  Â©2012 Studiolot Publishing 