 The Globe and Mail Jump to main navigation Jump to main content Search: News  Quotes Jobs News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18 Toronto Subscribe Help Home News Commentary Business Investing Sports Life Arts Technology Drive Site Map Film Television Books Music Theatre Visual Arts Awards Video Try Globe Unlimited - 1 month for just 99 And get unlimited access on all your devices See my options!  oscars  tiff  tv listings  puzzles  horoscopes Arts Television, theatre, music, arts, books coverage from The Globe and Mail Home  Arts  The Hot Button Blog Two Kenyan men reach deal to ‘marry’ the same woman Obituary: Hannah Montana dies of neglect and shame at the VMAs 0 What you missed at the MTV Video Music Awards: Girl power and other charades Miley Cyrus gets nasty at the MVAs Mumford & Sons: Subtle? Not so much 0 Summer TV: Either the viewers are idiots, or those delivering the news are idiots. You decide 0 Who are Forbes' top-earning celebrities? 0 Drake and Rihanna fan rumours of rekindled romance 0 Atom Egoyan and Arsinee Khanjian appeal for release of Canadians imprisoned in Egypt 0 Dear Lady Gaga: When did you become so boring? 0  Editor's Picks Celebrity What you missed at the MTV Video Music Awards: Girl power and other charades Television Skyler White, Miley Cyrus and a bunch of hypocrites Film End of the world? Beats mining uranium for these two Brits Television Why Breaking Bad doesn’t need distractions Film  ‘Star Wars’ and ‘Dr. Strangelove’ cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies at 99 The World’s End: What’s a night on the town without a dash of absurd sci-fi? Prince Avalanche: A different kind of road movie The Grandmaster: More ambitious melancholia from the hard-nosed sentimentalist of Hong Kong You’re Next: Murder and mayhem at the family reunion One Direction: This Is Us – British boy band making the most of their five minutes I Give It a Year: And I give it a thumbs down for good measure Celebrity  Miley Cyrus gets nasty at the MVAs From T-Swift to fart jokes: Five notable moments from MTV's VMAs Kanye West finally unveils photo of daughter North Porn industry calls for moratorium after actor tests positive for HIV Photographer sues Kanye West over L.A. airport fight Prison Break star says he’s gay, turns down Russian festival invite Dollywood set to build resort Television  This Canadian twist on Sleepy Hollow has a happy ending Downton Abbey wine, anyone? Hit British show rolls out merchandise Sandra Oh leaving Grey’s Anatomy after upcoming season Gia Allemand, former contestant on The Bachelor, dies at age 29 Breaking Bad puts Albuquerque on the map How Body Break duo were eliminated from The Amazing Race Canada  Art & Architecture  The man behind the eye-catching cover art of Drake’s new album Caitlin Cronenberg’s six tips for success In pictures: 9 amazing artists appearing at Nuit Blanche 2013 Nuit Blanche 2013: Ai WeiWei headlines the all-night extravaganza Plasticiens: ‘They had no small ambitions’ Mining highly charged memories – and the essence of childhood How urban scars are being remade into vibrant, vital playgrounds Books   Excerpt: A sneak peek at Wayne Johnston’s The Son of a Certain Woman New J.D. Salinger biography says to expect new books to be published posthumously Author Wayne Grady finally comes home with new novel set in Windsor It's 'scary' watching aspects of her fiction come to life, Margaret Atwood says Why these 10 books are the best Elmore Leonard wrote Editors’ choice: The best of the bestsellers Gothic meets thriller in Dan Vyleta’s taut new novel Music  Neko Case’s ‘Night Still Comes’ is a nocturnal, blunt reflection Dutch DJs spreading Egyptian music to the Western world Precocious King Krule makes it all look easy How line-blurring Robin Thicke lets the game come to him Promoter says Chris Brown concerts cancelled due to personal, health issues Is Lady Gaga exploiting her fans to get a number one single? Reunion shows Black Sabbath still has a pulse  Theatre & Performance  The Merchant of Venice’s Shylock is realigned for a modern audience Dance festival in Toronto takes performance to new horizons Pippin couple perform on the knife-edge Othello: The tragedy’s mood is captured brilliantly The Thrill: Performances save a play that is wanting in perspective The Rascals: Recreating that sixties magic imparts a sweet nostalgia Hit and miss, but Glimmerglass is well worth the trek  Video   Arts Video Margaret Atwood blasts Tories over environmental policy 0  Arts Video Jennifer Love Hewitt shows off baby bump in Big Apple 0  Arts Video Sharni Vinson fights back in 'You're Next' 0  Arts Video 'Mortal Instruments' hits the big screen 0 Celebrity photos Celebrity Photos of the Week: Special edition! What Stephen Harper sees  Celebrity Photos of the Week: Putin's smooth chest, and other oddities Blog: The Hot Button   Why the ‘fro-yo’ craze is a delicious fusion of gluttony and delusion How obsessed are you with your smartphone? This video will make you feel really bad about it  Most Popular Miley Cyrus gets nasty at the MVAs Madonna top-earning celebrity, trumping Spielberg, Winfrey From T-Swift to fart jokes: Five notable moments from MTV's VMAs Mumford & Sons: Subtle? Not so much The man behind the eye-catching cover art of Drake’s new album  connect with us  Products Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. subscribe The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. subscribe Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. subscribe Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. subscribe See all Globe Products Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. learn more Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds Digital Business Solutions Data and content for your organization Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Customer Service Contact Us FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Globe Recognition Recognition card Mobile Apps News Investing NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry INVESTING APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births  Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms  Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Globe Arts is part of The Globe and Mail's Globe Life Network  Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W. , Toronto , ON Canada M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher   Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. 