 CarZi Search for: Free Weekly Newsletter Home About Us Advertise Archives Contact Us Subscribe RSS 2012 SEMA Show Outdoor Concorso Italiano 2012 2012 SEMA Show Wheels & Tires Monterey Jet Center 2012 2012 Toronto Auto Show 2012 Quail Motorsports 2012 GUMBALL 3000 Toronto Murdered Supercars Photos 2012 SEMA Racing & Performance VR Alexander's Death Crash Dubai Supercar Spotting 2012 Geneva Motor Show 2012 Pebble Beach Concours 2012 Concorso D'Eleganza TAPOUT Charles Mask Lewis Ferrari CRASH Pictures Nissan 370Z Convertible Pictures Posted by Harish Kumar April 8, 2009 at 3:25 pm If you enjoyed this post, then subscribe to: CarZi RSS Feed , Twitter or Facebook ! The Nissan 370Z coupe has created quite a buzz in the market after being on sale for only a few months. The 332bhp coupe even has the ability to challenge to the more expensive Porsche 911 996 . While the 370Z is very serious and sporty,the fun part has been missing. Now, this has been taken care of by the upcoming convertible version. The wind in your hair experience would always be welcome. The 370Z convertible made its debut this weeks at the New York Auto Show. The show will also mark the debut of the US version of the Nismo 370Z S-Tune (Anthony photographed the Japanese S-Tune at the Tokyo Auto Salon back in January!) Nissan has resisted the change towards hard tops and has carried on with a conventional soft top in the interests of weight savings. This sets it apart from the premium category of convertibles like the Infiniti G37 and the BMW Z4 that sport fancy folding hard-tops. Power comes from the familiar 3.7 liter VQ37VHR V6 (VHR indicating Very High Revving) that makes 332 bhp (247kW), 270 lb-ft (366 Nm) of torque and revs all the way to 7000rpm! Expect similar performance although the added weight might slow it down by a few tenths for the sprint to 60mph. The transmission is the standard 6-speed SynchroRev Match or a 7-speed automatic with paddle shifts. The SynchroRev match system takes care of the problem associated with downshifting where it blips the throttle to match the speeds of the engine and the transmission.  The Affordable performance theme of the 370Z coupe is expected to be carried over to the convertible and the 370Z is expected to cost a few thousands over the coupe which starts at $29,930. This price is just $1,420 more than the 2008 Nissan 350Z . We do know that the 350Z was not the perfect drivers car and neither were the proportions of the convertible easy on the eye not to mention a car more suited for your wife or girlfriend. Nissan has taken care of the first bit with the 370Z and looking at these images released by Nissan , the second bit seems to have been taken care as well. Gone are the awkward proportions of the older model replaced by cleaner lines that results in a prettier car with the top down at least. Related Nissan 370Z Posts Branew Nissan 370Z Pictures Tokyo Auto Salon 2009 MCR Nissan 370Z PRESS RELEASE All-New 2010 Nissan 370Z Roadster Adds Open-Air Excitement; Features Power Auto-Lock Top Design Less than a year after the introduction of the all-new 2009 Nissan 370Z Coupe – a vehicle that reset the bar for affordable sports car design and performance – comes its dramatic new stablemate, the 2010 Nissan 370Z Roadster. The seductively styled Z® Roadster offers everything the hardtop Z® Coupe does – and more. As in more classic open-air sports car driving excitement. More sun, moon and stars. And more refinement than any Z® convertible that has ever come before – including a standard automatic latching power top and Nissan Intelligent Key™. Also offered are an array of technology and convenience features, including the first-ever Z® Roadster- available heating and cooling ventilated net seats, Bluetooth® Hands-free Phone System, satellite radio and advanced Nissan Navigation System. The 2010 370Z Roadster is scheduled to go on sale at Nissan retailers nationwide in late summer. As expected, the 370Z Roadster delivers an exhilarating connection to the air, wind and environment on top of the new Z® Coupes exceptional levels of performance, said Al Castignetti, vice president and general manager, Nissan Division, Nissan North America, Inc. (NNA). But perhaps unexpected for a car this sporty is its greatly enhanced refinement and quality – as seen in features such as its one-touch, auto-locking convertible top and beautifully crafted interior. A Truly Authentic Roadster The 370Z Roadsters most obvious departure from the 370Z Coupe is its convertible top. The soft-top roof was designed with an emphasis on three key areas: to provide a sleek silhouette matching the new Z®s stunning styling with the top up or down, to offer easy single-action open-close operation, and to provide an enjoyable top-down experience with reduced wind turbulence and all-climate driver/passenger comfort. With convertible top in the closed position, the design provides a sophisticated sloped-back appearance, the perfect balance between the soft top and the Z® body design. The shortened windshield and aerodynamically rounded rear deck enhance the Z®s kinetic and dynamic character lines. When in the down position, the convertible top is concealed beneath a full body-color hard tonneau cover, which extends forward to help create the Z® Roadsters classic double cockpit style interior. The standard black cloth convertible top features a fabric inner liner, which provides a quality appearance and helps reduce noise intrusion into the cabin, along with an enlarged (versus the previous generation Z® Roadster) glass rear window with an integrated electric rear window defroster. The top operation takes approximately 20 seconds start-to-finish and is controlled by either a center console-mounted switch or by a button located on the doors. The automatic latch system secures the top to – or releases it from – the windshield header without driver intervention. The shape and position of the glass wind deflector, located between the fixed headrest bars, has been optimized to reduce turbulence into the cabin. Like the new 370Z Coupe, the Z® Roadsters new exterior is more aggressive in appearance and lighter and tighter in structure than the previous generation. The wheelbase is nearly four inches shorter (100.4 inches versus 104.3 inches) and overall length is reduced by 2.6 inches (167.2 inches versus 169.8 inches). The new Z® Roadster features an aluminum hood, door panels and trunk for reduced weight. At the same time, the body structure was extensively revised, improving rigidity and stability. The 370Z Roadster includes additional structural reinforcement (over the 370Z Coupe), including in the A-pillars and side sills. The Z® Roadsters exterior design incorporates the look and feel of the new Z® Coupe, including its signature long nose/short cockpit proportions, vertical door handles and distinctive new headlight/taillight treatment, which features a fierce boomerang shape. High Intensity Discharge (HID) bi-functional xenon headlights with auto on/off feature are standard. The 370Z Roadster is offered in seven exterior colors: Solid Red, Magnetic Black, Brilliant Silver, Platinum Graphite, Pearl White, Monterey Blue and a special premium color, Black Cherry. Inside the stunning exterior, true to its sports car heritage, the Z® Roadsters interior is completely driver-centric, with its three-layer design grouping items by how a driver sees information, operates the controls and is held in place – so drivers feel completely connected and engaged whenever and wherever they drive, top up or down. The Z® Roadster features high back black woven Carbon cloth seats with 8-way manual drivers/4-way manual passengers seat adjustments. Touring models include unique leather-appointed net seats with 4-way power/4-way manual operation on the drivers seat (4-way power on the passengers seat). These second-generation net seats are exclusive to the Z® Roadster and have integrated heating and cooling functions – ideal for open air driving no matter what the outside temperature. Adjustable front seat Active Head Restraints are also standard. The Z® Roadsters 2-seat layout includes a deeply scooped instrument panel with a full-length center console separating the driver and passengers seat. The instrument panel retains the traditional Z® 3-pod cluster with oil temperature, voltmeter and clock, while the speedometer and tachometer now include an initial sweep function, coming alive when the car is first started. The sporty steering wheel is a new oval 3-spoke design, which offers baseball-style stitching, improved thumb grips and palm rest areas for improved feel on long drives. The surface of the leather-wrapped wheel is shaved to provide a more kidney-like shape to better fit in the hand. The manual transmission shifter is specially padded to improve the accuracy of diagonal shifts and to feel softer in the hand for forward and backward motions. Standard interior comfort and convenience features include Nissan Intelligent Key™ with Push Button Ignition, power windows with one-touch auto up/down feature, power door locks with auto-lock feature and a center console box with a non- intrusive cover design. Other features include automatic climate control, two 12-volt power outlets, three cupholders (two in door panels, one in center console) and an AM/FM/CD/AUX 4- speaker audio system with illuminated steering wheel-mounted controls. The Touring model adds a 6CD Bose® audio system with eight speakers (includes dual subwoofer) and MP3/WMA playback, XM® Satellite Radio (XM® subscription required, sold separately), Bluetooth® Hands-free Phone System, HomeLink® Universal Transceiver and aluminum-trimmed pedals. This is the first time Bluetooth® and satellite radio have been available on a Z® convertible. The optional Navigation Package includes the touch-screen Nissan Hard Drive Navigation System with XM NavTraffic® real-time traffic information (XM® subscription required, sold separately), 9.3GB Music Box hard drive for digital music storage and playback and a USB fort for iPod® connectivity. The new navigation system offers a number of enhancements (versus previous Nissan Navigation System designs), including four times higher screen resolution, wireless music player audio streaming capability (via Bluetooth®), on-board Zagat restaurant ratings database, an in-dash DVD player and XM NavWeather® weather information display (XM® subscription required, sold separately). The 370Z Roadster interior is available in Black cloth or for 370Z Touring Roadster models, a choice of Gray, Black or Wine leather-appointed net seating. Open Air, Open Roads – An Unbeatable Combination Roadster or Coupe, the new Z®s share one of the most advanced drivetrains available for affordable sports cars today. The Z® Roadsters long list of cutting edge performance-focused technologies includes a standard 332-horsepower 3.7-liter DOHC V6 engine with Variable Valve Event and Lift Control (VVEL), choice of 7-speed automatic transmission or close-ratio 6-speed manual with available SynchroRev Match (the worlds first synchronized downshift rev matching manual transmission), refined 4-wheel independent suspension and 4-wheel vented disc brakes (with available Nissan Sport Brakes). The new 370Z Roadster lives in the same sweet spot of performance, style and value that the Z® Coupe does, said Castignetti. Open air driving just begs for open roads and the new 370Z Convertible is the perfect companion. Compared to the previous generation 350Z Roadster, the new Z® convertible picks up 26 horsepower and 2 lb-ft of torque (332 horsepower @ 7,000 rpm and 270 lb-ft of torque @ 5,200 rpm, compared with the previous 3.5-liter V6s 306 horsepower @ 6,800 rpm and 268 lb-ft of toque @ 4,800 rpm). Along with its larger displacement, the 3.7-liter engine gives better power delivery all the way to the 7,500 rpm redline, improved low-end power and more high-end torque, creating an entirely new driving experience. Key to the enhanced performance is the VVEL system, which is able to optimize intake valve open/close movements, allowing the needed air to be sent promptly to the combustion chamber at the precisely optimized time. Since the VVEL system can adjust to open the valves slightly, it improves fuel efficiency by reducing camshaft friction and fuel waste. It also provides cleaner emissions by allowing for quicker warm-up of the catalyst and by stabilizing combustion when the engine is cool. The 2010 Z® Roadster is offered with a choice of two new advanced transmissions – a close-ratio 6-speed manual or 7-speed automatic. The 6-speed manual is available with SynchroRev Match™ (included in the optional Sport Package), which allows drivers of any skill level to experience professional-like gear shift performance. The SynchroRev Match™ function automatically controls and adjusts engine speed when shifting to the exact speed of the next gear position, essentially blipping the throttle to smooth out any up/down shifts. This not only allows the driver to focus more on braking and steering, it improves vehicle balance and smoothness by reducing the typical shock when the clutch is engaged. The system can be deactivated with a button next to the shifter for drivers who prefer less vehicle intervention. The available 7-speed automatic includes Downshift Rev Matching (DRM) and Adaptive Shift Control (ASC) and is designed to offer quick, manual-like shifting when operated in manual mode. Drivers can use the standard paddle shifters or the shift lever. The 7-speeds wide gear ratios offer improved fuel efficiency, while the Adaptive Shift Control is designed to adjust to the drivers driving style. Estimated fuel economy for the 370Z Roadster is 18 mpg City/25 mpg Highway for both the 7-speed automatic and 6-speed manual transmissions – increases of 1 mpg City/2 mpg Highway for the automatic and 1 mpg City/1 mpg Highway for the manual transmission versus the 2009 350Z Roadster. The Z® Roadster also utilizes the Z® Coupes advanced 4-wheel independent suspension. The double-wishbone front suspension (which replaces the lower multi- link setup in the 350Z) uses lighter forged aluminum arms and a lightweight rigid aluminum-alloy cradle, along with a lighter stabilizer bar with a 35 percent improved lever ratio. The 4-link rear suspension is also stiffer and lighter, with the rear cradle entirely integrated into a single part. High response shock absorbers are utilized on each corner for improved ride comfort. The standard 370Z Roadster wheel and tire package features 188.0-inch front/189.0-inch lightweight aluminum-alloy wheels with P225/50R18 front/P245/45R18 rear Bridgestone Potenza RE050A summer tires. Available as part of the optional Sport Package are 19-inch RAYS forged lightweight aluminum-alloy wheels with Bridgestone Potenza RE050A P245/40R19 front/P275/35R19 tires. The Z®s standard 4-wheel vented disc brake system includes Anti-Lock Braking System (ABS) with Electronic Brake force Distribution (EBD) and Brake Assist (BA). The optional Sport Package includes Nissan Sport Brakes with large diameter 14.0- inch front and 13.8-inch rear rotors (versus 12.6-inch front/rear standard rotors) with 4-piston front and 2-piston rear aluminum calipers. Steering is provided by a vehicle-speed-sensitive power-assisted rack-and-pinion design. Unwanted steering kickback and vibrations are reduced with the addition of a solenoid valve that acts like a damper when there is a harsh impact load. A Vehicle Dynamic Control (VDC) system is standard. The Nissan 370Z Roadsters list of standard safety features includes the Nissan Advanced Air Bag System (AABS) with dual-stage supplemental front air bags with seat belt and occupant classification sensors; front seat-mounted side impact supplemental air bags; door-mounted curtain air bags; and seat belts with pretensioners and load limiters. Other standard equipment includes Active Head Restraints, Zone Body Construction with front and rear crumple zones, Nissan Vehicle Immobilizer System, Vehicle Security System and Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS). Two Well-Equipped Models The new Z® Roaster is offered in two well-equipped models – 370Z Roadster and the 370Z Touring Roadster. The Touring model includes the heated and cooling leather- appointed power net seats, HomeLink® Universal Transceiver, Bluetooth® Hands-free Phone System, 8-speaker Bose® audio system, XM® Satellite Radio (XM® subscription, sold separately) and aluminum-trimmed pedals. Only two option packages are offered (Touring model only): the Sport Package, with 19-inch RAYS forged wheels and Bridgestone Potenza tires, Nissan Sport Brakes, SynchroRev Match (6-speed manual transmission only) and Viscous Limited Slip Differential; and the Navigation Package, with Hard Drive-based Nissan Navigation System, 9.3GB Music Box Hard Drive and USB connectivity. [Source: Jalopnik , AutoBlog ] | Posted in Nissan | 14 Comments If you enjoyed this post, then subscribe to the CarZi RSS Feed . Stay Connected with CarZi! Twitter , Facebook  Loading... 14 Responses to Nissan 370Z Convertible Pictures Tom said on December 22nd, 2009 at 5:07 pm What a car! Cant wait to save up the money to get one. Mine would be blue or black cherry. I wish the mileage was a little better (my other car is a small Saturn, SL !), but I can always drive just at or over the speed limit! (Ha ha)  Spyderbilt said on June 19th, 2010 at 7:31 am An airbag is a vehicle safety device. It is an occupant restraint consisting of a flexible envelope designed to inflate rapidly in an automobile collision, to prevent vehicle occupants from striking interior objects such as the steering wheel or window.  valerie said on November 2nd, 2010 at 10:48 am this is the exact same car that i have with black interior and the the rims are different Overall the car is neat and has plenty of speed to race.. loving the car everyday that passes by. Lots of complements on it and cant complain.  Deandra said on September 25th, 2011 at 9:43 am I have exactly what info I want. Check, pelase. Wait, its free? Awesome!  saqojbwaxma said on September 26th, 2011 at 9:32 am v762HL yrnvaixrgavn  perla said on October 25th, 2011 at 7:55 pm wonderful put up, very informative. I ponder why the opposite experts of this sector do not realize this. You must proceed your writing. Im sure, youve a huge readers base already!  get cheap automobile insurance online said on December 4th, 2011 at 2:04 am Fantastic beat ! I would like to apprentice at the same time as you amend your website, how can i subscribe for a blog website? The account aided me a appropriate deal. I have been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear concept  car said on December 16th, 2011 at 7:54 am We are a bunch of volunteers and opening a brand new scheme in our community. Your website offered us with useful information to work on. Youve done an impressive process and our whole neighborhood can be grateful to you.  xbox kinect cheap to buy said on January 2nd, 2012 at 2:45 am Hiya very cool web site!! Man .. Beautiful .. Amazing .. I will bookmark your blog and take the feeds also?Im satisfied to seek out so many useful info here within the post, wed like develop extra techniques in this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .  Bulk Auto Paper said on January 2nd, 2012 at 2:06 pm I do believe all the ideas you have introduced on your post. Theyre really convincing and can certainly work. Still, the posts are too brief for beginners. May just you please lengthen them a bit from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.  The best hair salon in Palm Desert, El Paseo said on January 11th, 2012 at 11:44 am Thanks for the auspicious writeup. It if truth be told used to be a enjoyment account it. Glance advanced to more delivered agreeable from you! By the way, how could we communicate?  toyota rav4 reviews said on January 17th, 2012 at 7:44 am I am extremely inspired with your writing talents and also with the format to your weblog. Is this a paid subject or did you modify it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice high quality writing, it is uncommon to see a nice blog like this one today..  Amiee Hauswald said on June 22nd, 2012 at 6:16 am I wanted to develop a brief message to be able to say thanks to you for these amazing tips and tricks you are posting at this website. My particularly long internet lookup has at the end of the day been compensated with good quality strategies to go over with my neighbours. I would assume that many of us site visitors actually are truly endowed to be in a useful website with so many wonderful professionals with very beneficial concepts. I feel very much happy to have come across the webpages and look forward to tons of more fabulous minutes reading here. Thanks once more for all the details.  best price Professional Mounted Bonnet Style Salon Deal said on March 13th, 2013 at 1:38 pm Great beat ! I wish to apprentice at the same time as you amend your site, how could i subscribe for a blog site? The account helped me a applicable deal. I have been tiny bit familiar of this your broadcast provided brilliant transparent idea Leave a Reply How do I change my avatar? Go to gravatar.com and upload your preferred avatar. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail  Direct Connect Auto Transport Bikini Car Show Models  Photo Albums Bikini Models Videos  Categories Acura NSX (12) Aftermarket (287) American Cars (131) Aston Martin (16) Audi R8 (15) Auto Events (189) BMW (28) Brabus (3) Bugatti Veyron (36) Bullrun (11) Car Crash (19) Carbon Fiber (7) CarZi Babes (71) Concept Cars (69) Corvette ZR1 (2) Dodge Challenger (13) eBAY (4) edo Competition (9) European Cars (424) Famous Cars (120) Ferrari (77) Ferrari F458 (16) Formula 1 (37) Gadgets (44) General News (502) Guest Writers (3) Gumball 3000 (13) Hennessey (8) Hybrid  Electric (24) Japanese Cars (91) Lamborghini (73) Lamborghini Aventador (5) Lamborghini Reventon (8) Mansory (5) Materials Science (4) Matte Black Cars (11) Matte White Cars (4) McLaren MP4-12C (5) McLaren SLR (14) Mercedes-Benz (26) Mustang (12) New Super Cars (31) Nissan (8) Nissan GT-R (23) Pagani Zonda (13) Photoshoots (219) Pink Cars (4) Porsche (53) Rinspeed (1) Rumours (62) Spy Photos (129) Tech (58) TechART (1) Tesla Roadster (3) Test Drives (54) Top Gear Reviews (5) Videos (298) Friends Loading... Car Show Photos Recommended Explore car insurance and get quotes instantly. Hi, I'm Anthony Carbone and I am a full time modified and exotic car aficionado, part time blogger, and a certified weekend Rock Star. CarZi  2006-2012 About Us Advertise Contact Us  