Enable JavaScript to view the pinning functionality. Drag this icon into taskbar to pin this page. Learn More Close Close More Outlook.com Skype Download IE9 SkyDrive Entertainment Celebrity Buzz Korean Buzz Radio TV Lifestyle Beauty  Fashion Going Out Relationships News Singapore News Business Regional News Sports Barclays Premier League Formula 1 Golf Tech  Gadgets Tech News Mobile  Gadgets Video Catch-Up TV Travel Weather Forecasts Mobile xinmsn home lifestyle video Make xinmsn your Homepage 中文版 Page Options Make text larger Install IE9 Help sign in entertainment xinmsn Entertainment | Web Live search:  Follow Home Celebrity Buzz Gossip Blogs Bios Hallyu Home Hallyu Buzz Photos Video Photos Movies Home Trailers Coming Soon Movie Stills Movie Reviews 8DAYS First Look TV Channel 5 Channel 8 Channel U okto Suria Vasantham TV Listings Radio 938LIVE 987FM Class 95FM Gold 90.5FM Lush 99.5FM Symphony 92.4FM Capital 95.8FM Love 97.2FM Y.E.S. 93.3FM Ria 89.7FM Warna 94.2FM Oli 96.8FM XFM 96.3 Xinfirst RSS By Joelle Chong, 31/03/2011 Fans with a big heart (Continued)  Prev 1 2 3 4 Many local fan clubs have also taken the initiative to help the Japan quake victims. Previously, singer Huang Jing Lun's local fan club raised S$705 in a day. Together with fans in Taiwan and Hong Kong, the fan clubs donated a total of NT$100,000 (approximately S$4,300) during Fight  Smile , a 'live' fund-raising programme held in Taiwan. Local fan clubs of Korean groups Super Junior, SHINee and YG Family are also currently holding their own donation drives. Most of these clubs solicit funds from members and the public by spreading the word through social media. YG Supporters, which is made up of several fan bases supporting artistes from YG Entertainment, also tries to raise funds by selling items from their blogshops. What prompted these fans to do their part in disaster relief? "We wanted to give something back to the society. We've been doing gifts for the girls [Girls' Generation] and it came to a point where we think that doing charity as a community and for the girls is more meaningful," the Soshified rep expressed. According to Angela, a rep from YG Supporters, YG Entertainment makes donations to charities annually. "Yang Hyuk Suk, the president of our favourite entertainment company [YG Entertainment] serves as our inspiration," she said. Related stories: Korean stars donate cash to aid Japan quake victims Taiwanese celebs come together for Japanese disaster relief View All  Prev 1 2 3 4  CELEBRITY VIDEO Madonna Defends Her Malawi Charity Despite Recent Accusations Kanye West to Move to Paris? Celebrities Flock to Coachella Music Festival Katy Perry May be Heading to Court Most Popular 传王祖贤回港微整形 急嫁小20岁男友 Ilo Ilo: Why is it Cannes worthy? 《我们一定行！》开镜 林慧玲学绣娘惹珠鞋 miss A’s Suzy wants to break out of good girl image 曾宝仪拖爱郎甜蜜逛超市 2人疑似同居 MORE ASIA CELEBRITY NEWS Bosco Wong and Myolie Wu are on talking terms now The ex-lovers reunited at a recent China International Film Festival Jay Chou’s girlfriend turns 20 The Taiwanese singer-songwriter went to great lengths for his young girlfriend’s birthday Zhou Xun pulls out from collaboration with Nicholas Tse Word has it that the Chinese actress has declined to star in the same movie as her rumoured beau Joey Wong responds to comments on her “out of shape” looks The former actress was said to be unhappy about the reports which suggested that she underwent the knife SITEMAP Entertainment Asia Celeb News Hollywood Buzz Korean Buzz Celeb Interviews Celeb Bios Celeb Blogs Photo Galleries Music Reviews Movies xinFirst Webisodes TV Channels Channel 5 Channel 8 Channel U okto Suria Vasantham Radio 938LIVE 987FM Class 95FM Gold 90.5FM Lush 99.5FM Symphony 92.4FM Capital 95.8FM Love 97.2FM Y.E.S. 93.3FM Ria 89.7FM Warna 94.2FM Oli 96.8FM XFM 96.3FM Lifestyle Beauty  Fashion Food Going Out Health Relationships Travel Work Life Style Style:Men Style:Weddings Style:Living i-Weekly i周刊 8 DAYS Timepieces FHM Manja Mother  Baby Elle Postbox News Singapore World Regional Sci-Tech Weird Business News Videos Sports Local Sports BPL World Football Formula One NBA Tech  Gadgets Tech News Mobile  Gadgets Home Entertainment Gaming Motoring Microsoft Tech-knowlogy Blog Video Catch-Up TV Entertainment xinmsn Celebs Korean Celebs Hollywood Celebs Weird  Wonderful News Lifestyle Sports xinFirst Photos Weather Mediacorp Privacy Policy INFORMATION About Us MSN Privacy Legal Advertise on xinmsn Careers at MediaCorp Help MSN privacy Legal Advertise on MSN Help Feedback © 2013 Microsoft  MediaCorp Pte. Ltd. Learn More Close Pin the Entertainment channel for quick access. It's easy! Drag the MSN butterfly from: The Pinning Bar The web address box Or, a browser tab to the Windows taskbar at the bottom of your screen Advantages of pinning Pinned pages quickly deliver the content you want most Open your favourite MSN pages from the Windows taskbar without opening your browser first. Use JumpList to go directly to key sections of MSN and get real-time notification of updates. Pin as MSN section homepages - like Cars, Entertainment and Money - as you want. Live search: Close Make xinmsn your Homepage