  Countries Argentina France Deutschland Magyarország Italia Norge Portugal España United States  Newsletter Sign In Sign Up News Tour Bio Music Video Photos Shop News Watch the Get a Job Fan Video!  June 24, 2013  Watch the fan-created video for "Get a Job" now! "Get a Job" can be found on Gossip's new album, 'A JoyFul Noise,' which you can purchase here:... Read More Watch Gossip Perform in Seattle for Yahoo! On the Road  May 29, 2013  Watch Gossip perform "Heavy Cross" and "Move in the Right Direction" in Seattle for Yahoo! On the Road's concert series. Read More Check Out Beth’s “Ask a Grown Woman” Rookie Magazine Video Feature  May 20, 2013  Beth recently linked up with Rookie Magazine for their latest "Ask a Grown Woman" feature. Watch now! Read More Gossip to Perform in Seattle for Yahoo! On The Road  May 8, 2013 Read More Get A Job Video Premiere  February 15, 2013  The new video for “Get a Job” is out today. Click here to watch and share. More about “Get A Job” from Hannah, Beth and Nathan: ”Get A Job”... Read More Get A Job Video - First Look!  February 14, 2013  The new video for "Get a Job" will premiere tomorrow, Friday, February 15th. Follow Gossip on Facebook and Twitter to find out where you can... Read More Amazon MP3 Fill Your Cloud Sale  January 10, 2013  There are lots of amazing records on sale this week in Amazon.com's fill your cloud sale, and A Joyful Noise is one of them! cheap jams for 2013... Read More  Read More  A Joyful Noise RMX EP A Joyful Noise Ever-evolving and perpetually defying convention, Gossip is back with their fifth studio album, A Joyful Noise , OUT NOW. A Joyful Noise was produced by pop genius Brian Higgins (Kylie Minogue, Pet Shop Boys, Girls Aloud). Move In The Right Direction Music For Men Heavy Cross Live In Liverpool Standing In The Way Of Control Movement Thats Not What I Heard prev next  Facebook Twitter  Tour São Paulo, Brazil Tue, 08/27/2013 - 20:00 HSBC Brasil Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Wed, 08/28/2013 - 20:00 Circo Voador Buenos Aires, Argentina Sun, 09/01/2013 - 20:00 Vorterix Read More  Move In The Right Direction Move In The Right Direction New Single "Move In The Right Direction". Download on iTunes. Photo Gallery Photo Gallery Check out our photo gallery which includes official, live and fan photos. Watch Videos For his new 2.0 website By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. Watch Videos Watch Gossip official videos and live videos! Global Newsletter Block - Bottom Promo (nodeblock) Newsletter Keep up with all things Gossip! Sign up now! Click here MySpace Facebook Twitter YouTube  Visit www.OnGuardOnline.gov for social networking safety tips for parents and youth  2013 Sony Music Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. COLUMBIA and "Walking Eye" Design are registered trademarks of Sony Music Entertainment. Send Us Feedback | Privacy Policy/Your Privacy Rights | Terms and Conditions Columbia Records  