  About Us Sales Inventory Performance Detail Galleria Storage Contact Us Members Lounge News Sales Showroom Sold Cars Sales Services Galleria Restorations Detailing Body/Maitanance News  Events Contact Us  Why TLD? Sales Service Storage Galleria Contact Us  Search The Last Detail inventory by: Make and Model  Vehicle Type  Advanced Search All Makes All Models Stock # All Types Search  Back To Your Listing  New Search 1951 Studebaker Champion Business Coupe Custom SOLD Type: Used Year: 1951 Make: Studebaker Model: Champion Business Coupe Trim: Custom Body Style: Coupe Stock 3789 Mileage: 86224 Engine Size: 169 cui Transmission: 3 Speed Manual Exterior Color: Gray Interior Color: Beige/Tan Vin: G895671 Print This Page Email TLD Description Famous Bullet Nose Front End Frame off Restoration with NOS Parts 1 of 2,429 Custom Coupes Made in 1951 86,224 Original Miles This Studebaker Business Coupe has the famous Bullet Nose front styling that made them highly identifiable. This example is finished in the correct Dove Grey over Black Leather with Grey cloth inserts. The finish of the paint work is far better than this Champion saw when new, as well as the period correct interior. This Coupe came with options like bumper guards, drivers mirror, dual wipers, horn, and full gauges. The 51 Champion had a 169 c.i. Straight Six that produces 85 horsepower and 138 lbs of torque, mated to a three speed on the column transmission. With this power and drivetrain combination, Studebakers were able to get up to 25 mpg. Having gone through a full nut and bolt restoration, this drivetrain is like new and ready to roll. Driving this Custom Coupe is a pleasure, thanks to the meticulous and well thought out restoration the car went through. This Studebaker starts and idles easily, and runs through all gears crisply including reverse. Driving down the road the Bullet Nose tracks straight and true and floats over bumps. A thorough TLD service and inspection has just been performed to make sure that this car meets our strict standards. This Business Coupe is one of the finest examples of 51 Studebaker out there today. Dont miss the opportunity to own a true piece of automotive history. Stop by our showroom and see how nice this Champion really is, down to The Last Detail.  The Last Detail attempts to provide accurate information on the automobile listed above. The actual equipment may vary.Please confirm all vehicle options, accessories and prices with a sales associate to assure accuracy. The Last Detail 2900 N. US Rte 41 North Chicago, IL 60064  847.689.8822 The Galleria 624 Green Bay Rd Kenilworth, IL 60043  847.920.5438 What drives you? The beauty of a Dual cowl Phaeton... the power of a McLaren... the grace of a Rolls Royce? For the ultimate automotive indulgence, visit The Last Detail. We sell, service and restore classic luxury cars for the Midwest's most discriminating automobile enthusiasts. For 25 years, we've set the benchmark for authenticity, value and service. Now discover what we can do for you. Powered by All Auto Network Copyright  Sitemap  RSS  