 Schedule Service Newsletter Signup  View full site 970-482-0156 Towing: 970-482-0159 Email Us Auto Repair Tire and Oil Community About Us Fleet Services Car Profiles Connect Keepin' it GREEN Makes and Models We Service Vehicle Warranty Maintenance Today's Special Today's Tire Special Check Vehicle Repair History Comprehensive Car Repair From The Finest Car Care Technicians And Diesel Mechanics In Fort Collins Free Loaner Cars Houska Automotive offers free loaner cars while we are servicing your vehicle. So you'll never be without wheels. 36 Months / 36,000 Mile Warranty Houska Automotive guarantees all of the work we do for 36 months or 36,000 miles. NEED CAR REPAIR HELP? Trust your vehicle with a Houska Automotive mechanic trained and certified to perform the following auto repair services: Diesel emissions testing. (If you need emisisons for a gas vehicle the state test facility is located at the South East corner of I-25 and Mulberry) Read More Failed emissions diagnostic testing and repair. Gas and Diesel engines. Check engine light diagnostics. Tire repair and sales. Authorized Michelin/BFGoodrich & Goodyear Tire Dealer. Commercial and large truck tire sales and service Goodyear National Account tire service center Mobile fleet tire service Computerized Road Force Tire Balancing. Computerized 4 wheel alignment. Timing belt replacement. Muffler repair. Radiator repair. Factory maintenance service. Diesel repair, including diesel injector pump repair. Air conditioning service and repair. Fuel Injection cleaning service (gas and diesel). Electronic analysis and repair. Cooling/Heating systems. 4WD repair. Auto sunroof repair. Suspension systems. Engine and transmission repair. Brake repair and brake systems inspection, brake line repair. Electrical and fuel systems. Oil change and lube. Pre-purchase vehicle inspection. Fleet repair and maintenance. Truck repair. Ask us about our commercial fleet services program. ©Copyright 2010 Houska Automotive • 899 Riverside Ave Fort Collins CO 80524 • 970-482-0156 • Open weekdays 7AM-6PM • Contact Us  