 Log In Register Bookmark Us today hot gossips latest gossips celebrities Latest Celebrity Gossip, News and Rumors - UPDATED! Blind Item #10 This former B list mostly television actress who is now a C list take whatever she can actress with B+ name recognition is an old favorite here. She is in a bad way. After a year of doing pretty well, our actress is binging and purging and spending what little money she has left on coke and meth. Sh... ( more... ) From Crazy Days And Nights , 3 minutes ago Related stories (1) Blind Item #9  - Crazy Days And Nights 0 comments You looking at Joe Jonas? Fame FlynetJoe Jonas was walking with his girlfriend, Blanda Eggenschwiler, when he suddenly realized that the paparazzi was taking pictures of him. His expression to being caught is so perfect that I just had to share it with you.Its almost like, in that moment, his face expressed all the... ( more... ) From Seriously? OMG! , 10 minutes ago 0 comments Prince William to Start 135-Mile Ring O' Fire Ultra Marathon in Wales This Friday Prince William is getting back to work!Just over a month after welcoming his royal baby boy Prince George, the 31-year-old will be starting the annual Ring O' Fire marathon that... ( more... ) From E! Online Gossip- The Hum , 10 minutes ago 0 comments Hairstylist Ken Paves Talks Victoria Beckham: She Can Do A Wicked Ponytail Ken Paves' long list of celebrity clients also happens to be most of his BFFs. The hairstylist—who was once inseparable from Jessica Simpson—currently works with pals Victoria... ( more... ) From E! Online Gossip- The Hum , 15 minutes ago 0 comments A Guide To The Cast Of ‘Preachers Of L.A.’ Turns out that the footprints God left behind in the sand were sponsored by Stacy Adams.Preachers of L.A. goes behind the pulpit of six mega-pastors in Southern Carolina  Bishop Noel Jones, Minister Deitrick Haddon, Bishop Clarence McClendon, Pastor Jay Haizlip, Pastor Wayne C... ( more... ) From Crunk and Disorderly , 22 minutes ago 0 comments Alec Baldwin Attacked The Paparazzi Again Heres Alec Baldwin beating the shit out of another photographer while his wife Hilaria, who just gave birth a few days ago, ducks into a store like they practiced. As for what started the fight, reports differ, so lets just assume a woman was menstruating nearby which sent Alec into a... ( more... ) From The Superficial , 25 minutes ago Related stories (1) Alec Baldwin Gets In Street Brawl With NYC Paparazzo Just Trying To Do His Job!  - Celebrity Dirty Laundry 0 comments ROUND THE WAY: ROCAWEAR LAWSUIT OVER ANOTHER COMPANY’S T-SHIRT DESIGN Jay Zs got 99 problems… and a lawsuit might be one.Urban clothing line Rocawear was hit with a lawsuit on Monday for inscribing its t-shirts with the phrase “Hood Love.New Jersey-based Hoodlove LLC, a for-profit company, claims in their trademark-infringement suit that its... ( more... ) From Concrete Loop , 27 minutes ago 0 comments Matthew McConaughey Shines in Dallas Buyers Club Trailer The film about a man who struggles HIV drugs comes to theaters Nov. 1... ( more... ) From People.com , 27 minutes ago Related stories (2) Matthew McConaughey Fights HIV in 'Dallas Buyers Club' Trailer: VIDEO  - TOWELEROAD Matthew McConaughey: 'Dallas Buyers Club' Trailer  Poster!  - Just Jared 0 comments Mockingjay Casting News: Ashlee Simpson's Boyfriend Evan Ross Joins The Hunger Games! Attention avid Hunger Games fans! Even more casting news has just come out regarding Mockingjay and things are just heating up...Ashlee Simpson's beau, Evan Ross, has signed on... ( more... ) From E! Online Gossip- The Hum , 31 minutes ago Related stories (2) Ashlee Simpson: Evan Ross' 25th Birthday Celebration!  - Just Jared Ashlee Simpson Introduces Boyfriend Evan Ross To Joe Simpson (Photos)  - Celebrity Dirty Laundry 0 comments J.K. Rowling Celebrates 15 Years of Harry Potter—Find Out Which Character She Misses the Most (Hint: Not Harry) Fifteen years and the magic is still there.It's hard to believe that way back in the dark ages—that would be 1998—a book about a precocious boy wizard written by a... ( more... ) From E! Online Gossip- The Hum , 32 minutes ago Related stories (1) What 'Harry Potter' character does J.K. Rowling miss the most?  - USATODAY.com Life 0 comments (1) , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , ... 1305 CelebrityGossip.com  Happy Birthday To: Carlos Moya (37) Gerhard Berger (54) Most Talked About Celebrities 1. Miley Cyrus 2. Naomi Watts 3. Madonna 4. Simon Cowell 5. Taylor Swift Most Popular Sections Fashion Gossip Hip Hop Gossip Movies Gossip Music Gossip Rap Gossip Television Gossip Black Gossip  Hot Celebrity Gossip | Latest Celebrity Gossip | List of Celebrities | Celebrity Pictures | Links About Us | Advertise With Us | Privacy Policy | FAQ | Report a Bug | Contact Us Other First Beat Media Properties: Rap Artists - Unsigned - Millionaire Dating - Christian Singles - Jewish Dating - Free Podcast Other FirstBeatMedia Services: Dog Boarding - Dog Sitters - Dog Walkers - Dog Trainers - Dog Groomers Feature Dating Services: Black Dating - Interracial Dating - BBW Dating - Dating - Michigan Dating - Utah Dating - California Dating All works on this site Copyright  2013 celebrity gossip , a First Beat Media production First Beat Media 