 Login | Become Member | Contact Us  Home Doing Business Business development  The EDGE Business Center  One Stop Business License  Permitting Center Starting A Business Business Directory Business and Industry Business Resource Guide Helpful Business Links Find A Job Find Commercial Property On-Line Training Calendar of Events SCORE Adopt-A-School Young Entrepreneurs Academy Ecycle Day Workforce Matrix Workforce Resource Guide Contact Us Economic Development The Local Economy  Retail and Commercial Development Find Commercial Real Estate Business and Industry  Taxes and Incentives Wage and Benefits Workforce Information Workforce Development Plan U of A Economic Impact Study Area Demgraphics  Tuscaloosa County  Alabama Demographics West Alabama Region Bibb County Fayette County Greene County Hale County Pickens County Living Calendar of Events Relocation Information Area Overview School Information Things to Do Elected Officials Recreation Arts & Attraction Hunting & Fishing Movie Times Adopt-A-School Young Entrepreneurs Academy Ecycle Day Job Listings Find A Business Civic Organizations Meeting Facilities Tuscaloosa Demographics Transportation A Place To Call Home A Thriving Local Economy An Environment for Learning World-Class Healthcare Civic Hall of Fame Constitution Reform United Way  Visiting Calendar of Events Overview Things to Do Recreation Dining & Entertainment Arts & Attractions Community Map Local Weather Tourism and Sports Commission UA GameDay Information The Chamber About The Chamber Chamber Capital Campaign Calendar of Events Join The Chamber 2013 Sponsorship Opportunities 2013 Fall Training Series 2013 Money Smart Series  2013 Business Plan Priorities The Voice of Business  Vision  Values Map to The Chamber Board of Directors Committees  Task Forces Search for Members Adopt-A-School  Members Only Login Join The Chamber Member Benefits Member Directory Member Verification Member to Member Discount New Member Listing Online Newsletter Post A Job (members only) Newcomers List (members only) Tuscaloosa Buy Local Files Northport Buy Local Files Contact Us  Google  Chamber  Members  Community Calendar Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba Diamond Sponsors   Where Art Meets Community! When its time to get away from the hustle and bustle of life in order to relax and enjoy yourself, Tuscaloosa County offers many outletsin the performing arts, museums, outdoor events, and sporting events. Tuscaloosa County offers a feast for the eyes and ears, as the arts are celebrated daily on stage, in the theatre and throughout the community. Whatever the season or the specialty, the Tuscaloosa area community offers an extraordinary year-round calendar of arts and cultural activities that rank among the best in the South. Our cultural offerings are unsurpassed by even some larger metropolitan areas; as a result the communitys cultural assets are interwoven with our economic progress and continue to enrich our exceptional quality of life. TUSCALOOSA AMPHITHEATRE The City of Tuscaloosas outdoor Amphitheatre, situated along the Black Warrior River, features a stage of approximately 6,000 square feet and 7,500 seats and features state of the art sound, visual and electronic infrastructure, and amenities. It hosts many concerts and events plus serves as a platform for the cultural arts in the area. ARTS COUNCIL OF TUSCALOOSA COUNTY The Arts Council and its member organizations provide a coordinated year-round calendar of events. Theatre, dance, opera, visual arts, music, crafts, festivals, films and educational programs......these and more provide Tuscaloosa County with exceptional cultural opportunities. The Arts Council's Bluegrass, Big Bands  More performing arts series brings the best of bluegrass, jazz, blues, and big band music to the Tuscaloosa community. The Cinema Noveau Movie Series provides the best in art, foreign and independent films. The Arts Council also provides educational programs for children throughout the year. The community actively encourages the involvement of children in theatre, music, dance and art through programs, such as: Bama Fanfare; the SPECTRA program, which provides guest artists in school cultural enrichment; Art 4 All; and the Artist-in-Residence program in the City Schools. Call (205) 758-5195 for more information. BAMA THEATRE The beautiful, restored 1930s-style Bama Theatre is a performing arts center in Downtown Tuscaloosa, offering a full calendar of music, dance, theatre, stage productions, and film. The Bama is home to the Tuscaloosa Childrens Theatre, Tuscaloosa Community Dancers, Junior League Gallery of Art, and other community-based cultural activities. BEAN-BROWN THEATRE A state-of-the-art, teaching and performing theatre, the Bean-Brown Theatre is located on the campus of Shelton State Community College and is home to Theatre Tuscaloosa, one of the regions most acclaimed community theatres. THE UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA SCHOOL OF MUSIC Opened in 1988 on the campus of The University of Alabama, the Frank Moody Music Building is one of Tuscaloosa's primary cultural performing arts centers. The School provides an extraordinary annual calendar of cultural and entertainment experiences, featuring national and international performers and artists, from classical and opera to jazz and popular. With its 1,000-seat Concert Hall, considered one of the most acoustically perfect facilities of its kind in the nation, the Moody Music Building is home to the Tuscaloosa Symphony; the Celebrity Series; and to the famous, magnificent Holtkamp Organ. Call (205) 348-1477 for information. COMMUNITY MUSIC SCHOOL Offers private and group music instruction to people of all ages and abilities including lessons on all orchestral and band instruments, piano, guitar, and voice. Early music education classes (Kindermusik) are available for ages infant through 7 years. Housed in the Moody Music Building at The University of Alabama. Call (205) 348-6741 for information. TUSCALOOSA SYMPHONY Formed in 1979, the Tuscaloosa Symphony has become a vital part of the Tuscaloosa arts and cultural fabric and one of the most successful regional symphonies in the Southeast. Very few communities of comparable size or larger can claim its own symphony of such exceptional quality. The Symphony provides an annual season of concerts in addition to performances in our schools, pops concerts, and various other entertainment venues. Call (205) 752-5515 for ticket information. THEATRE TUSCALOOSA With its roots in the 1920s, Theatre Tuscaloosa has grown into Alabamas top community theatre and one of the regions best. Offering a full calendar of drama, comedy and musicals each year, Theatre Tuscaloosa provides area citizens with exceptional performances at the Brown-Bean Theatre, located on the campus of Shelton State Community College. Call (205) 391-2277 for ticket information. KENTUCK ARTS CENTER Kentuck is an extensive, growing network that includes the Kentuck Art Center, Kentuck Museum, and the Kentuck Festival of Arts, which has grown into one of the largest and most important regional arts and craft shows in the Southeast. The Kentuck Arts Center, located in downtown Northport, is home to some of the country's most exceptional artists and craftsmen. The Kentuck Museum, also in downtown Northport, provides regular traveling and invitational arts and crafts exhibits. A focal point for the Alabama Crafts Council, Kentuck maintains a superb year round collection of Alabama arts and crafts. Call (205) 758-1257 for information. UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA'S DEPARTMENT OF THEATRE AND DANCE University of Alabama Theatre presents excellent performances regularly at the Gallaway Theatre as well as plays in the Allen Bales Studio Theatre. The Universitys Department of Dance offers unique performances throughout the year, including Dance Alabama. For ticket information call (205) 348-3400 or www.as.ua.edu/theatre . STAGE AND SCREEN HALL OF FAME Located on the campus of Shelton State Community College, the Alabama Stage and Screen Hall of Fame salutes the states amazing collection of celebrity talent, from Fannie Flagg to Jim Nabors and beyond..... and inspires new generations of emerging actors to follow their dreams and opportunities. HORIZONS PROGRAM Offering popular entertainment throughout the year, The University of Alabama's Horizon Program provides opportunities to enjoy Broadway musicals, classical and popular music and a variety of other entertainment specials. ALABAMA CHOIR SCHOOL The Alabama Choir School is a community organization for boys and girls, grades two and above. The school includes the Alabama Boychoir, founded in 1985; the Alabama Girls Chorus, founded in 1996; and the Alabama Childrens Chorus, founded in 1992. The School has five different choirs -- the resident and touring choir for boys grades 4-8; the resident and touring choir for girls grades 4 and up, and the chorus for children grades 2-3. Annual concerts for all choirs take place in December and May at the Moody Concert Hall on the University of Alabama campus, Tuscaloosa. Concerts are also scheduled in various local schools twice yearly and on other occasions as requested. For ticket information call (205) 758-0927. Morrow Conference Center Art Gallery The Chamber of Commerce of West Alabama is proud to host artwork from artists around the community and display it in the Morrow Conference Center. Many of these artists have their works on display in the Tuscaloosa Sketchbook. Follow this link to see art on display: Art Gallery Tuscaloosa County surprises visitors with our abundance and variety of museums, galleries and other visitor attractions. Among some of our unique offerings are: Alabama Museum of Natural History Alabama Museum of Natural History, featuring exhibits from the Age of Dinosaurs and the Ice and Coal Ages. An Alabama treasure! Call (205) 348-2041. Bryant Museum Bryant Museum, featuring memorabilia and exhibits of Alabama Crimson Tide football since 1892 and other related sports exhibits. Call (205) 348-4668. Childrens Hands On Museum Childrens Hands On Museum, provides a delightful experience for children of all ages with a variety of special programs and hands-on, participatory exhibits. Moms and dads enjoy this, too! Call (205) 349-4235 for more information. Harrison Galleries Harrison Galleries features paintings, mostly in American or European Romantic and Hudson River School traditions, and photography by prominent Tuscaloosa area photographers. Located in historic Tuscaloosa at 2315 University Blvd. Call (205) 464-0054 for information. Kentuck Museum Kentuck Museum, features a gallery of exhibits of some of the regions finest crafts and art works provided by the Souths finest artisans and craftsmen. Kentuck Museum is located in Downtown Northport, selected as one of the Top 100 Small Art Communities in America. Call (205) 758-1257. Mercedes-Benz Museum Visitors Center Mercedes-Benz Museum  Visitors Center, one of Alabamas top tourist attractions, provides visitors with an up-close view of the star-studded history of Daimler-Benz, the worlds premier automobile manufacturer. The story is chronicled in exciting, interactive exhibits at the Visitors Center, the first of its kind outside Germany; and explores the technological innovations and development of Mercedes-Benz. Renaissance Art Gallery Located in historic downtown Northport, the Renaissance Gallery offers original art by more than twenty regional and local artists. Work on display includes some of the best traditional, folk and contemporary work available in the Southeast. Each painting or sculpture is a one of a kind, handmade original, signed by the artist. Call (205) 752-4422. Westervelt-Warner Museum of American Art Located at the beautiful Westervelt Corporate Headquarters, the museum features works from several prominent American artists. The impressive collection of paintings, sculptures, and antiques provides a unique perspective on our country's history. For more information call (205) 343-4540. Performing Arts | Museums | Outdoor Activities | Sporting Events  Members Only | Business Directory | Community Calendar | Home | Contact us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy  1998 - 2013 The Chamber of Commerce of West Alabama Serving Tuscaloosa and Northport 