  Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Legals Place an ad Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other  72 Alert! Forecast  The Olympian Subscriptions Report News Customer Service Search Search stories on this site  Web Search  Search print archives  Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH  Home News Business Databases Local News Announcements Crime Education Traffic Military News Obituaries Photos State State Government Election Legislature State Workers The Politics Blog Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Opinion Columns Sports College UW Huskies WSU Cougars High School Preps Stats Photos Mariners Seahawks Sounders Living & Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Puzzles & Games Living Announcements Food Health Religion Travel Outdoors Fishing National Parks Local Deals Contests Coupons Grocery Coupons Local Coupons Featured Advertisers Local Ads Store Circulars Entertainment NY judge eases fixes for Apple antitrust behavior A New York judge says she doesnt want to intrude much on how Apple does business as she approves remedies after ruling that the company fixed prices on electronic books. 16minutesago Read story  Archive by category '' Entertainment Around South Sound Blog Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Games Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music Television HEALTH Former NFL player Titus Young skips Calif. court A California judge issued an arrest warrant Tuesday for Titus Young after the former Detroit Lions wide receiver missed a fourth court hearing on charges of burglary and attempted burglary.  CELEBRITIES Patriots focus on football after rough offseason A training camp filled with potential pitfalls went about as smoothly as the New England Patriots could have hoped. 1hourago CELEBRITIES Muhammad Ali awards to honor humanitarian efforts Boxing great Muhammad Ali wants to recognize the greatness of people waging their own fights for peace and social justice.  CELEBRITIES Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Cyrus Dont get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards. The performance marked the first time the band played together in 11 years, and also the last time theyll do it, at least for a while.  CELEBRITIES Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs Did Taylor Swift really utter an expletive to Selena Gomez when One Direction and former love interest Harry Styles took the stage for the MTV Video Music Awards?  TECHNOLOGY The top iPhone and iPad apps on App Store App Store Official Charts for the week ending Aug. 26, 2013: 56minutesago  CELEBRITIES '42' actor Boseman to play James Brown in biopic After bringing Jackie Robinson to the big screen, Chadwick Boseman is going to try another icon: James Brown.  BUSINESS 'The Butler' tops box office with $16.5 million Despite three new releases, the period drama Lee Daniels The Butler and the road trip comedy Were the Millers stayed atop the box office.  CELEBRITIES Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm She didnt sing a note or write a lick of a lyric, but Smokey Robinson contends that Maxine Powell was as essential to Motown Records operation as the legendary labels songwriters, producers and musicians.  CELEBRITIES Caroline Kennedy to join March on Washington rally Caroline Kennedy is joining the lineup of speakers commemorating the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington at the Lincoln Memorial. 3hoursago  View More Stories Top Jobs Research Manager  Librarian Centralia College Driver Logger Senior Systems Analyst Pierce Transit Customer Service Ultrasound Tech Summit Pacific Medical Center Developmentally Disabled Assistants GIS Program Coordinator City of Tumwater B2B Developer Harbor Wholesale Accounting Manager Evergreen State College View All Top Jobs Find a Home  15th $176,900 Olympia 3 bed, 2.00 full bath. The government sponsored agencies...  Westwind $175,500 Olympia 3 bed, 2.00 full bath. The government sponsored agencies...  Tolmie N.E. Dr. $149,900 Olympia 3 bed, 1.75 full bath. This property is Real Estate Owned...  Millstone Ln. Southeast $149,900 Olympia 3 bed, 2.50 full bath. This property is Real Estate Owned...   VIEW ALL Find a Car  All Makes All Models Find a Used Car Search New Cars New Car Buying Guide Green Guide Sell Your Car  Ads by Yahoo!  Events Calendar Search Events Restaurants Movies Music Add an Event Performing Arts Venues Deals!  Buy Now! View All   Search for Deals Search local inventory, coupons and more  Powered by Around the South Sound Blog 9 Things to Do in South Sound this weekend, Aug. 23-25 Sand in the City offers you a day at the beach without leaving town, but you also can sample garlicky treats or blueberry pie, catch an outdoor movie, hear The Click to Continue  Posted 9 Things to Do in Thurston County this weekend, Aug. 16-18 This weekend offers a cacophony of different cultural events in South Sound, with Olympias annual Bon Odori festival, performances by Los Lonely Boys and Los Lobos, and a Hawaiian luau... Posted 7 Things To Do in South Sound This Weekend, Aug. 9-11 This weekends big event is the Olympic Air Show but it also offers the opportunity to take in an American Idol alum, one of the best known African musicians in Click... Posted theolympian.com/blogs/ TELEVSION GUIDE Tonight in Prime Time TV listings powered by Zap2it  Entertainment Videos Search Movie Times Movie Title When Near Search Showtimes in your area this week  Stay Connected Email Newsletters  Manage newsletter subscriptions Tablets  Apps and services for tablet devices Mobile  Apps and services for your mobile phone Social Media  Get updates via Facebook and Twitter e-Edition  Your daily paper delivered to your computer Home Delivery  Manage your home delivery account Digital Subscriptions  Manage your online subscriptions Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | About Our Ads | Contact Us | About Us | Site Map | Copyright Partners :   The News Tribune   | The Peninsula Gateway   | The Puyallup Herald   | Northwest Guardian   | KIRO7   | NIE  2013 www.theolympian.com and wire service sources. All Rights Reserved. http://www.theolympian.com  