  Starpulse News 600 Starpulse.com Your Entertainment Destination Register | Login | Contribute Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest RSS Starpulse Mobile Newsletter News Celebs TV Movies Music Photos Contests Video  Vin Diesel Surrounds Himself With Sexy Co-Stars  Model Girlfriend At Hollywood Star Unveiling August 27th, 2013 3:00pm EDT A bevy of beautiful women came out to support Vin Diesel at the unveiling of his Hollywood Walk of Fame star on Monday. The actor's "Fast & Furious" franchise co-stars Jordana Brewster and Michelle Rodriguez and his "Riddick" colleague Katee Sackhoff showed up to lend their support. Rodriguez told the crowd: "I love Vin Diesel. On top of just being one of my best friends... this man dares to dream when people forget to dream. This guy, he looks at the impossible and says, 'When do we start?'" Diesel's girlfriend, Mexican model Paloma Jimenez, and his 5-year-old daughter Hania Riley also a... READ MORE Vin Diesel surrounded by female co-stars at Hollywood star unveiling Vin Diesel in talks for Guardians of the Galaxy Vin Diesel Tami Erin In 'Sex Tape' Mystery August 27th, 2013 2:33pm EDT Actress Tami Erin is under pressure to respond following reports suggesting a sex tape has surfaced featuring the star. Erin, best known for taking the title role in 1988 movie The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking, was apparently filmed in a range of "sexual situations", according to TMZ.com. Editors at the website report the film is being offered for sale to adult video retailers in Los Angeles. READ MORE Tami Erin Joshua Jackson Headed Back To TV For New Series August 27th, 2013 2:31pm EDT Actor Joshua Jackson is heading back to TV for a new show. The former Dawson's Creek star has been cast in upcoming series The Affair as Cole, a cowboy who manages a Long Island, New York ranch that has been in his family for generations, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The show will centre around the wife of his character's infidelities with Noah, played by Dominic West. Ruth Wilson will play Jackson's wife and Maura Tierney has been cast as West's other half. Jackson's last TV show, Fringe, ended in January, after five seasons. READ MORE Joshua Jackson suffers mystery foot injury Joshua Jackson 'Jealous' Of Diane Kruger Joshua Jackson Lamar Odom Returns Home After Six Days Of Hiding August 27th, 2013 2:09pm EDT Lamar Odom has reportedly returned home after going into hiding for six days. The Los Angeles Clippers basketball player was spotted driving into the gated community where he and wife Khloe Kardashian-Odom share a home together, looking gaunt yesterday, after she kicked him out last week because he refused to enter rehab for his alleged crack cocaine addiction, according to TMZ. The 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star reportedly staged an intervention amid allegations he has a serious drug problem, but the meeting didn't go as planned and Lamar vanished, but was later tracked down to a... READ MORE Khloe Kardashian Lashes Out Over Lamar Odom Drug  Divorce Rumors The Morning Roundup: Miley's Raunchy VMAs Performance, Red Carpet Fashion, Khloe and Lamar's Marriage Crisis Khloe Kardashian , Lamar Odom Ricky Martin Admits To Bullying Gay Men August 27th, 2013 2:07pm EDT Ricky Martin used to bully gay men when he was younger. The 41-year-old singer - who announced he was homosexual in 2010 after struggling for years to accept his sexuality - admits he was homophobic in his teen years and early 20s because he didn't want to accept that he was attracted to men as it went against his religious beliefs as a Roman Catholic. Speaking to GQ Australia magazine, he said: "I was very angry, very rebellious. I used to look at gay men and think, 'I'm not like that, I don't want to be like that, that's not me.' I was ashamed. "When you're told you're wrong by everyone... READ MORE Ricky Martin: 'I bullied gay people' Stars celebrate landmark U.S. rulings for gay rights Ricky Martin Goodie Mob Returns After 14 Years With New Album, 'Age Against The Machine' August 27th, 2013 1:54pm EDT Cee Lo Green's Atlanta Hip-Hop group Goodie Mob is back together after a long hiatus, and the group released a new album, "Age Against The Machine", on Tuesday. The new disc is the first ablum from the band in nearly 14 years, and Green says it's well worth the wait. "I know it's exceptional," he tells USA Today. "Quality is imperative. Quartets are almost non-existent in hip-hop. Our collective understanding was to consolidate who we are and invest that energy back into us. We are earth, wind, fire and water." That message is clear in the cover art for the photo, which features all four... READ MORE Cee Lo Green: 'Andre 3000 suffers from stage fright' Celebrity Birthdays - May 30, 2013 Cee Lo Green , Goodie Mob Katherine Jackson On Granddaughter Paris' Recovery: 'She Is Doing Much Better' August 27th, 2013 1:49pm EDT Michael Jackson's mom Katherine Jackson maintains the King of Pop's daughter Paris is "in a good place" as she battles her inner demons in a treatment facility. In June, the 15 year old was rushed to a Los Angeles hospital amid rumors of a suicide attempt, and after more than a month in the unit she was transferred to a secluded residential facility specializing in treating depressed teenagers. Her grandmother Katherine has now spoken out to reveal Paris, who kept a collage of photographs of her late father on her bedroom wall, is recovering well and is expected to return home by Decemb... READ MORE Debbie Rowe: Daughter Paris Jackson 'Has No Life' Following Father's Death Debbie Rowe: 'Paris Jackson has had no life since Michael's death' Katherine Jackson , Michael Jackson , Paris Jackson Scott Eastwood Joins The Cast Of 'Fury' August 27th, 2013 1:12pm EDT Scott Eastwood has been cast alongside Brad Pitt in World War II film Fury. The son of movie legend Clint Eastwood, is the latest addition to the David Ayer-directed war film, which will also star Shia LaBeouf and Logan Lerman, according to Deadline. The Sony Pictures production is the true story of an army commander, to be played by Pitt, and his crew members who go behind enemy lines in their tank just as Nazi Germany collapses at the end of the war in 1945. The 27 year-old actor has been cast in the role of Sergeant Miles, while Lerman will play a young, inexperienced crew member, Nor... READ MORE Clint Eastwood , Scott Eastwood Selena Gomez Pulls A Miley, Sticks Her Tongue Out At 'Getaway' Premiere August 27th, 2013 1:00pm EDT Selena Gomez attended the Los Angeles premiere of "Getaway" on Monday and stuck her tongue out on the red carpet - just like Miley Cyrus did at the MTV Video Music Awards the night before. Cyrus made headlines and got tongues wagging after her provocative performance at the awards show, and Gomez obviously made her cheeky expression in response to the hullabaloo. Kelly Osbourne pointed out the absurdity of Cyrus' tongue action and commented on "Fashion Police": "Look Miley's my friend and I love her, and I have her back no matter what, but as her friend I'm going to tell her - put your f-... READ MORE Robin Thicke's Racy New Video Features Twerking  Foam Fingers, But No Miley Rant: Miley Cyrus’ VMA Performance Nothing Short Of A Hot Mess Getaway , Miley Cyrus , Selena Gomez Fans Mob One Direction At NYC Premiere August 27th, 2013 11:00am EDT They may have been booed at the MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs) in Brooklyn, N.Y., on Sunday, but One Direction was greeted by cheers during the premiere of their new film "One Direction: This Is Us" in Manhattan on Monday. The group, consisting of Harry Styles, Niall Horan, Louis Tomlinson, Zayn Malik and Liam Payne, was mobbed by fans when they arrived at Times Square to promote their new documentary. Styles told Digital Spy: "It is very exciting, I think it's crazy we have a premiere in the first place, let alone in America." The film provides an intimate, all-access look at life on the... READ MORE Thousands Of Screaming Fans Attend One Direction Movie Premiere In London One Direction , One Direction: This Is Us NEXT  COOL CLICKS One Day Hot, Next Day Not Best Songs Of 2013 Scientology Best Actresses Under 25 Celebrity Twitpics Not Too Bright See Tons Of New Photos... Plastic Surgery Nightmares WIN STUFF! The BlackBerry Z10 "Getaway" Prize Pack "Eric Clapton’s Crossroads Guitar Festival 2013" Prize Pack "The Office: Season Nine" On Blu-ray See All Contests & Giveaways! WRITERS Kevin Blair Miley Cyrus Gives Borderline X-Rated Performance With Robin Thicke At MTV VMAs (Watch It) Noelle Talmon Hot  Sexy VMAs Fashion: Selena Gomez, Miley Cyrus, Taylor Swift, More! Victor Smith Selena Gomez Heats Up The Air Canada Centre In A Belly-Baring Outfit During 'Stars Dance' Tour Casey Johnson Bryan Cranston Cast As Lex Luthor, Matt Damon As Aquaman?! Brent Faulkner Opinion: Did Robin Thicke Play Copycat With “Blurred Lines”? Joe Bowers Parents Television Council Slams MTV Over 'Unacceptable' VMA Performances Jason Coleman Five Reasons FANS Don’t Want Ben Affleck As Batman Paul Levinson Breaking Bad : Final Episodes #3 Samantha Wilson 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' Recap: Kardashians Chainsaw Massacre More Starpulse bloggers  articles EXPLORE MORE TOPICS SEE ALL CELEBS Hookups Breakups Weddings Interviews GLBT FASHION Red Carpet Hot or Not Hairstyles Fails Plastic Surgery Magazines MUSIC Reviews Awards Videos Tickets MOVIES Box Office Reviews Trailers New On DVD Awards TELEVISION Recaps Reality Shows Interviews Awards New On DVD WHAT'S HOT Bikinis Scandals Exclusives Celeb Twitpics COLUMNS: Weekend Movie Preview Two Jews On Film Forgotten Flicks Rumor Patrol FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS Ethan Hawke Hits Red Carpet with Selena Gomez & Cute Kids! ‘Glee’ Stars Say Filming Cory Monteith Memorial Episode Is ‘Terrible’ and ‘Tough’ 34 Aaron Paul GIFs For Every Year He’s Been On Earth Billy Ray on Miley: She's Still My Little Girl  Anybody who watched the performance was thinking it, but it took Kelly Osbourne to come out and say it, Miley, please "put your f**king tongue back in your mouth" [Obvious]  News Celebs TV Movies Music Photos Videos Mobile Win Stuff! Write For Us Ringtones Tickets Newsletter About Contact Advertising RSS/XML Privacy  1999-2013 Starpulse.com In partnership with TMZ.com  LIKE Starpulse.com on Facebook and Google, and share with your friends x 