 651-578-1500  Search... Search...  Home FAQs Services Complete Auto Care Car Loaner Program Towing Services Our Warranty Online Payments About Us About Us In the Community Meet our Team Awards/Certifications Career Opportunities Customer Reviews In the Media Specials Specials Member Specials Member Sign-up Car Care Tips Car Care Tips Blog Car Care Newsletter Car Care Web Links Car Care Video Clips Contact Contact Us Get Directions Request Appointment Blog  Service Hours Sun Closed Mon 7:30-6:00 Tue 7:30-6:00 Wed 7:30-6:00 Thu 7:30-6:00 Fri 7:30-6:00 Sat 8:00-4:00 (651) 578-1500 Courtesy Shuttle  Loaner Cars Available Upon Request Payment Methods Angie's List Super Service Award in Auto Repair in Twin Cities jtemplate.ru - free extensions Joomla   Friendliest Shop in Town Auto Repair | Woodbury, MN Get a FREE gift! The Place Your Neighbors Trust! The Friendliest Shop In Town! Locally owned and operated, Wayne Watson founded Auto Works Automotive Service Center in 1993. Auto Works services all vehicles, provides complete automotive repair, oil changes, auto maintenance, vehicle inspections, computer diagnostics, timing belts, brakes, water pumps and more. From a check engine light diagnostic to an oil change, we strive to be the best Auto Repair Service in the Woodbury area . We fix it right the first time. We’re reputable and trust worthy because those are the values we stand by! Auto Repair | Woodbury, MN At Auto Works Automotive Service Center we have a 24 month/24,000 mile warranty on all of our auto repair services . We've been doing car repair in Woodbury for over 10 years. We are AAA certified with a 100% customer satisfaction rating. We repair cars that are under an extended warranty. We service cars from Oakdale, Maplewood, Lake Elmo, Cottage Grove and the greater Twin Cities area. Auto repair is what we do, we take pride in our service and enjoy working on Ford, Chevrolet, Buick, Toyota, Honda, Chrysler, Acura, Nissan, Infinity, BMW, Mercedes, Toyota, Ford, Honda Chevy, Olds, Buick, Pontiac and more. Thanks for visiting! Get a FREE gift! Yes, sign-up as a new member and instantly print a FREE gift + get many more extras! We want to SAVE YOU MONEY on auto repair! Your business is important to us and we realize that sometimes our customers do not hear about some of the great money-saving specials we offer. So we've decided to let everyone know, via email, about our specials and auto repair coupons. Don't worry, we will guard your email with our life - we dislike SPAM as much as you do and would never sell or give your email away. Your business is just too important to us. The Place Your Neighbors Trust! We're glad you stopped by. We hope our website helps you learn more about Auto Works, our service and our philosophy as a company. We work hard to be the auto mechanic your neighbors trust. Our goal for this website is to keep you up-to-date with what goes on at Auto Works. We frequently offer internet specials, so check back often for a money saving offer you could use! Our website also allows you to submit an appointment request, find helpful advice on common issues, and gives tips on preventive car maintenance to help keep your automobile running at its best. Professional Guest Lobby A professional and inviting guest waiting area is just one of the many reasons we have been voted the best auto repair shop by the " People of Woodbury " for 3 years running. Incredible Warranty! Incredible Warranty 24 Months or 24,000 miles on parts and labor. #1 Dealer Alternative! Federal law prohibits new car dealers from implying or denying warranty service because routine scheduled maintenance was performed at an independent repair facility. Customer Reviews Reviews for Auto Works Automotive Service Center feeds from Demandforce Wayne's alignment man figured out how to get my 2011 Sonata Turbo into the green. For 50K miles it had a slight left pull. Two Hyundai dealers actually told me that the left pull was a known problem with no solution. If you have a Turbo with a pull I suggest you visit Auto Works for the solution. Auto Works is an excellent choice for all of your automotive needs. Wayne's alignment man figured out how to get my 2011 Sonata Turbo into the green. For 50K miles it had a slight left pull.... Get Directions Easy to get to! Get directions to our convenient full service auto center located at 380 Rivertown Drive, Suite 400 in Woodbury, MN. Online Specials View this month's current specials to see how you can save. Auto Works Automotive Service Center is a full service Auto Repair Shop! Whether you’re bringing your vehicle to us for a check engine light or an oil change, we strive to get you in, out and on your way as quickly and easily as possible. Since 1993, we’ve been Woodbury and the eastside’s trusted car repair service . Our trained technicians are specialists in all types of vehicle repairs including: Brakes, brake pads, brake rotors Transmissions Radiator Repair Car Batteries Tie Rod Repair Spark Plugs General Car Tune Ups Tires – tire replacement, tire rotation, tire balancing Shocks  Struts AC Repair Diagnostic Scans Auto Works Automotive Service Center serves the following Minnesota zip codes: 55125, 55129, 55128, 55119, 55016, 55042   Admin Login Email  Copyright ©2011 Automotive Auto WorksService Center 380 Rivertown Drive, Suite 400 Woodbury, MN 55125 651-578-1500 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. " mce_href="mailto: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. "> This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Mobile Version | Standard Version 