 Boston Car Buyers Home FAQ Process About Us Where Blog Hassle Free Instant Cash For Your Car! Boston Car Buyers is the fastest way to sell your car, truck or suv. We close most sales in 20 minutes and take the hassle out of selling your vehicle privately or trading it in at a dealership. Get a Quote call us today! 617.547.06962 Our Customers Love Us - You Will Too! Customers reviews Gabbo F. 2013 Aug 26 "hmmm, I was told someone would get back to me about a car I was going to try to sell, and there was no follow-up. Seems they'd not bother to say someone..." read more J Z. 2013 May 07 "I got an email from Patrick from City Motor Group, in response of my post. I was a little hesitate when i got the email, but after i checked their yelp..." read more Ed H. 2013 Jul 19 "The sale of my car to City Motor Group was completed in an incredibly quick and fair transaction.I arrived at 10:15 in the morning. Charlie greeted me..." read more See all the 24 reviews on Yelp . We buy cars in 20 minutes! Here's how simple it is to sell us your car: 1 Bring your vehicle to us or we will come to you We'll drive your vehicle to make sure all major components are in good working order. We evaluate the interior and exterior condition of your vehicle. We check the mileage of your vehicle. 2 The Offer You will get an honest and fair offer, and we'll explain how we valued your vehicle. We always present you with our best possible offer to minimize uncomfortable negotiating. 3 Complete The Sale If your vehicle is paid off, sign the title over and you will receive an instant payment. If you still owe money, we will help you complete the process. The process is simple and in most cases can be done in less than 20 minutes. Get a Quote Frequently asked questions You can call us at 617 547 0692 or email us at  if you have any questions How long does it take to sell my car to Boston Car Buyers? In most cases 20 minutes or less you can go from call to cash. We appraise your vehicle for top dollar, handle all necessary paperwork, remove your license plates and pay you top dollar. Will Boston Car Buyers come to me? Boston Car Buyers will come to your home or office. Please call our staff to schedule an appointment 617.547.0692. Am I better off selling my vehicle privately? Absolutely not. You will not endure any advertising costs; deal with bargain hunters, mechanics or unqualified buyers. Am I better off trading in my vehicle? Do not trade in your vehicle before talking to us. Before trading in your vehicle negotiate the best price for your new vehicle. Keep the deals separate.You can enhance your negotiating power by leaving your trade in out of the deal. Sell your trade in to Boston Car Buyers for more money. Will Boston Car Buyers pay off my loan or lease? We pay off all loans and leases via FedEx. What documents do I need to bring? A driver's license or other form of state issued picture ID for all persons on the title. A copy of the vehicles registration. A valid title unless you have a lien on the vehicle. If you have a lien on the vehicle please bring your payment booklet and account information. Have more Questions? Lay it on Us! Name Enter Your question here I have read and accept Terms of Conditions Recently purchased vehicles JD from Lexington just sold us his Audi S4. Thanks JD and good luck with the Tesla!  Jimmy from Winchester just sold us this 2006 Audi A8 -- Thanks Jimmy!  Carlo from Waltham just sold this 2011 Honda Civic -- Thanks Carlo! Previous Next Who we are Meet Boston Car Buyers Team Boston Car Buyers was founded in 2004 by Charles Karyanis Jr. and Charles Karyanis III to provide customers in the Greater Boston area and throughout New England with a fast and easy way to sell their car, truck or SUV. Boston Car Buyers is a subsidary of City Motor Group Inc. a globally recognized automotive wholesale dealership that redistributes thousands of vehicles throughout the USA and internationally each year. City Motor Group Inc. was established in 1974 and continues to operate out of its modest facility at 186 Monsignor O'Brien Hwy. Cambridge, MA. Charles Karyanis III is the co-founder of BostonCarBuyers and an enterpreneur at heart. Charlie is highly focused on the online wholesale market and international B2B space. When Charlie is not wholesaling, buying or shipping cars - he is probably out to eat, with his family or talking about tech start-ups. Contact Charlie Here Patrick Walsh heads up marketing. Patrick is in charge of maintaining the wholesale auto- mative selling platforms and generating new selling leads. We recruited Parick from the film industry in 2008 and happy to see how fast he has adopted to our culture and the automative industry. Patrick is well travelled, enjoys biking, Chinese food and is a self proclaimed legendary story teller. Contact Patrick Here Jessica Deuplissa is our office manager. Jessica keeps up all of us in-line ( mother hen of the office ). We acquired Jessica from Herb Chambers Mercedes Benz ( they are still bitter about it - and they have every right to be). When Jessica is not yelling at us about paperwork, she is spending time with her three lovely daughters, going to the beach, or checking out a concert. Contact Jessica Here Come to us or we'll come to You! City Motor Group Inc./Boston Car Buyers Phone: 617.547.0692 Email:  Hours: Monday-Friday 9am-6pm Saturday - 10am-3pm Sunday: Closed 186 Monsignor O'Brein Hwy. Cambridge, MA 02141 Open Schedule a Fast and Free Appraisal You can call us at 617 547 0692 or email us at   Your Info Name Email Phone How did you hear about us? Select Autotrader Google Bing Yelp Drive By Yahoo Craigslist.com Referral Your Car's Info Year Make Model Miles Book a slot Please select Date (not selected) X Select Time X Monday - Friday 9am - 6pm Saturday from 10am - 3pm. I have read and accept Terms of Conditions Sell A Car Sell A Vehicle Private Selling Cars For Sale Privacy and Terms and Condition Boston Car Buyers operates as a subsidiary of City Motor Group Inc. family owned and opetared since 1974 