  Home About the Center Words from the Director History Staff Partners  Sponsors Programs Reading Initiatives Current Voices in Literature The Big Read StoryTime! One Picture Book, One Community Writing Initiatives Creative Writing Courses Register for Courses The Writers Institute Visiting Writers Miami Book Fair International Prometeo Theatre Miami: City of Refuge Events El Centro en Espaol Sobre el Centro en Espaol Teatro Prometeo Clases de escritura creativa Instituto de Escritores Programa de Autores Iberoamericanos Contact Us Directions Staff Directory Join Our Mailing List Press Room Logos Press Releases Photo Gallery Resources for Educators Current Voices in Literature Miami: City of Refuge Visits by Authors Student Literary Encounters School of Comics One Picture Book, One Community Upcoming Events: [ Fri. - Sat., July 26 - 27 ] Teatro Prometeo presents Cyrano mío Encore presentations! A new interpretation of the much beloved play by Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac  8:30 p.m. | Teatro Prometeo, MDC Wolfson Campus [ Saturday, July 27 ] Generation Genius: StoryArts!! Read along with artist Maria Gonzalez then create artworks inspired by Pomelo Begins to Grow by Ramona Badescu 3 p.m. | Miami Dade County Public Library, International Mall Branch, 10315 N.W. 12th Street, Miami [ weel of September 16 ] Eight-week Creative Writing Courses begin Courses on fiction, non-fiction, poetry and more. Registration open soon. MDC Wolfson Campus, 300 N.E. Second Avenue, Miami [ Saturday, September 14 ] Teatro Prometeo's Adult Trimester Courses Twelve-week courses on voice, acting for the camera and more begin. Registration now open. MDC Wolfson Campus, 300 N.E. Second Avenue, Miami [ Saturday, September 14 ] Generation Genius: Acts! Los Prometeítos explore the world of Dance, Acting and Singing by participating in fun activities that develop creative possibilities (Ages 6 - 12.) Registration now open. MDC Wolfson Campus, 300 N.E. Second Avenue, Miami [ Wed. - Fri., Nov. 20 - 22 ] Save the Date! Miami Writers Institute: Fall Edition Three days of intensive workshops on fiction, nonfiction, poetry and more. Registration open soon. MDC Wolfson Campus, 300 N.E. Second Avenue, Miami Generation Genius: Reads Otto the Book Bear by Katie Cleminson Read to Learn Books for Free  The Center has joined The Children's Trust to get kids and parents reading together, and we need your help. Los Prometeítos Summer Camp  Act! Sing! Dance! Teatro Prometeo offers courses for kids! Ages 6 - 12 (in Spanish) Register Today The  of Miami Culture Miami Book Fair Celebrates 30 Years: November 17 - 24, 2013 | Street Fair: November 22 - 24  Generation Genius: StoryArts! Read a story along with artist María González, then make a picture book of your own!  Generation Genius: Reads Spring 2013    Read to Learn Books for Free    Los Prometeítos Summer Camp    Miami Book Fair 30th Anniversary    Generation Genius: StoryArts!  Creative Writing Courses Programs for Children Eventos en Espaol Prometeo Theatre Miami Book Fair International Connect with us! Sign up to get Center news delivered to your inbox:   Photo Gallery  Read to Learn / Books for Free The Center is filling 40 bookshelves full of free books for children in Miami-Dade County. Learn how you can help. Veteran's Oral Histories As part of The Big Read 2013, listen to veterans sharing their own stories.  Miami Book Fair is celebrating its 30th Anniversary this year! We're counting down to the Fair and want to know why you  Book Fair. Copyright  The Center @ MDC  401 N.E.  Second Avenue, Suite 4102 (Building 4, 1st Floor), Miami, Florida 33132  305.237.3940 The Center @ MDC Home About the Center Programs Events El Centro en Espaol Contact Us Press Room Resources for Educators Miami Book Fair International Prometeo Theatre Need Help? Contact Us Send Us Feedback Disability Services About MDC Academic Programs Arts and Culture Resources Privacy Policy Miami Dade College is an equal access/equal opportunity institution and does not discriminate on the basis of gender, race, color, marital status, age, religion, national origin, disability, veterans status, sexual orientation, or genetic information. Contact the Office of Equal Opportunity Programs/ADA Coordinator, at 305.237.2577 for information. 