  Sign in | Register now Like Us | Follow Us Milwaukee's Daily Magazine for Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2013  Spotlight: It's Milwaukee Rally time Spotlight: Harley Fest whiskey Spotlight: Stefan Richter Spotlight: Racine Art Museum Spotlight: Door Co., differently READ: Arts  Entertainment Articles Business Listings Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Bars Articles Best of Bars Business Listings Drink & Dining Specials Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Dining Articles Best of Dining, 2012 Business Listings Drink & Dining Specials Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Kids  Family Articles Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs School Matters MKE Living Articles Featured Blogs Readers Blogs Marketplace Articles Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Services Shopping Milwaukee Buzz Articles Featured Blogs Readers Blogs Movies  TV Articles Featured Blogs Movie Showtimes Readers Blogs Music Articles Bands Featured Blogs Guides Live Music Readers Blogs Readers Blogs Post a Blog Entry Read Blogs Edit Blog Profile Edit Blog Photo View My Blog Entries Sports Admirals Badgers Brewers Bucks Marquette Packers UWM Wave The Active Pursuit Travel Articles Featured Blogs Guides Hotels and Motels Visitor Info INTERACT  EXPLORE: Business Listings Arts & Entertainment Bars & Clubs Dining Hotels & Motels Services Shopping Sports Visitor Information Suggest a new business Contests Event Calendar Search Events Submit An Event Podcasts RSS Summer Festival Guide Weather Weddings Weekend Preview MORE Blogs E-mail Newsletters Help Podcasts In Arts & Entertainment Andrea Avery found strength in art and humor whole recovering from leg surgery this summer. In Arts & Entertainment Artist Andrea Averys blog The Procrastination File is filled with beautiful and bizarre images. In Arts & Entertainment Avery launched the quirky Web site prior to her surgery to free up space on her computer. In Arts & Entertainment The show at the Inova Gallery, 2400 E. Kenwood Blvd., runs through Dec. 11. Artist finds humor, inspiration during recovery Published Nov. 14, 2010 at 1:00 p.m. Tweet It was early summer and Andrea Avery was trapped in bed following massive leg surgery. Too drugged to read without getting nauseous Avery, the workaholic manager of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Union Art Gallery who usually spent her summers traveling the globe, now had a walker. "A big thing for me was when I got a walker, that kind of took the wind out of my sails. It was like 'I have a walker?'" Avery recalled. "I don't have any family down here so it was kind of a really intense month where I was stuck in my apartment." While stuck in bed Avery resorted to scouring the internet in search of inspiration for her thesis project, all the while stumbling across beautiful and bizarre images for her blog, The Procrastination File . Avery launched the quirky Web site prior to her surgery to free up space on her computer. "I'm a procrastinator by nature but it turned into this different thing where I was procrastinating on purpose," said Avery, "I thought if nothing else a few of my friends would thing it was funny." After taking a brief hiatus from posting before her surgery, Avery turned to the Procrastination File as an outlet for her creative energy during her weeks spent stuck in bed. "It ended up that I would just spend a lot of my time thinking about my thesis and researching, and coming across more pictures through researching," said Avery, "It was the only way to find humor in the crazy pain i was going through." As she posted new images people would comment giving her a welcome bit of contact with the outside world. "It was just fun to like put them up and see what people would say. Now it's something I have to do about every two days," Avery said. Mobile once again after months of recovery Avery has done anything but procrastinate, staying busy with her graduate studies, curating an impressive run of shows at the gallery and working on her monumental thesis show. Lately her focus has shifted slightly from bringing in nationally renowned artists like Patty Chang, Kako Ueda and Roxanne Jackson to the gallery, to working on her own show "Turn Our Faces West". "The surgery kind of molded my thesis," Avery said. Because it was light and portable the hand stitching work she did on dozens of aprons for her show lent itself nicely to the physical limitations she faced, Avery said. The show, a massive and immersive sculpture made up of square-dancing petticoats, larger-than-life paper dolls, and her hand-sewn narratives, is shaping up to be a triumphant moment for Avery who said her humor and focus helped get her through this trying summer. The show at the Inova Gallery, 2400 E. Kenwood Blvd., runs through Dec. 11 with an opening reception Nov. 19 from 5 to 7 p.m. Tags: andrea avery , inova Print Talkback Share this: More Information Inova Institute for Visual Arts 2200 E. Kenwood Blvd. Milwaukee, WI 53211 (414) 229-5070 Related links: The Procrastination File Inova Talkbacks Post a comment / write a review . Facebook Comments Disclaimer: Please note that Facebook comments are posted through Facebook and cannot be approved, edited or declined by OnMilwaukee.com. The opinions expressed in Facebook comments do not necessarily reflect those of OnMilwaukee.com or its staff. Related articles Avant Garde exhibit Despite the fact that we had Dan Ball - a member of the legendary Velvet Whip - write about the new Avant Garde Coffee House show at UWM`s Inova Gallery in the Kenilworth Building, 2155 N. Prospect Ave., I stopped in last week to get a tour from organizer John Stropes. Postcards at JMKAC At first glance, it might seem odd that The John Michael Kohler Arts Center in Sheboygan might put out a call asking people from around the country to submit Wisconsin postcards for its current show, "Wisconsin Confidential: An Exhibition without Borders," which runs through Feb. 3. But, think about it - Badger State postcards would more likely be sent from the state than to it. Lovanova's new CD No matter how you slice it, Milwaukee instrumental rock and roll quartet Lovanova is a Brew City supergroup. The band, led by Hammond B-3 organist Paul Kneevers - who was a member of The Probers, among many others, and is a respected producer and engineer, too - also includes drummer Dave Schoepke, guitarist Sean Williamson and bassist Joey Carini. To record its third CD, "Cabinova," the band headed up north. Check out Serr An opening reception at Inova Gallery will take place on Sunday, Sept. 18 for University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Peck School of the Arts alumna Jan Serr. Everything New Brewers 1:09 p.m. Gennett studies up Milwaukee Film 10:59 a.m. "The World's End" Milwaukee Film Festival 10:02 a.m. Cream City Cinema Weather 10:00 a.m. 10-day forecast Festivals 7:28 a.m. Highland Games Media 6:24 a.m. WITI's "Studio A" Festivals 5:19 a.m. It's Milwaukee Rally time Bucks 5:05 a.m. Ellis, BJ disappoint Baseball cards Mon Can't let go of 'em Film Mon "Blackfish" Milwaukee bands Mon Juniper Tar's Mohr Media Mon Back-to-school drive camping Mon Happy little camper Harley-Davidson 110th Mon River Rhythms honors Brewers Mon Time to self-scout Landmarks Mon Twerk in Milwaukee Weekly Nibble Mon Harley Fest whiskey Weather Mon 10-day forecast Festivals Mon Put the Guns Down Back to school Mon 10 ideas for lunches Festivals Mon Third Ward Art Fest Photography Mon Edward S. Curtis show Public Art Sun Another big orange thing Harley-Davidson 110th Sun 110th at House of Harley Harley-Davidson 110th Sun Guide to the 110th Social Circle Sun Your "happy place?" Yerkes Observatory Sat Stargazing at Yerkes Stuff We Like Sat OMC Recommends Public Art Sat New Pink Planet to rise Packers Fri Defense rises to occasion Top Clicks Popular Stories | Top Searches | Most Comments New Pink Planet to rise over Third Ward Chamber Theatre offers an entertaining ... Coming soon: Milwaukee Chamber Theatre's ... Whitewater's Curtis captured vanishing ... River Rhythms celebrates Harley anniversary ... Enter the OnMilwaukee.com Milwaukee ... "Broken and Entered" breaks into the ... Lakefront summer fun guide What happened to Richie's brother "Chuck" ... Breakdance competition activates former ... Cast your vote at Racine Art Museum Get fired up about pottery classes and ... Barefoot Contessa Ina Garten enchants ... Milwaukee's in great company on new ... D'oh! Homer portrait finds his way onto ... The Splinter Group launches inaugural ... Miami meets the Midwest in Daniel's ... New Riverwalk art catches a question "Pushcarts to Professionals" charts ... Guess where Playboy magazine is printed? Summer theater makes a comeback in Milwaukee ... Why don't some black people like Elvis? Former "Simpsons" animator now makes ... Milwaukee Air and Water Show announces ... Interview with a male stripper Mumford and Sons play Marcus Amphitheater ... "Mind Over Milwaukee" is a spellbinding ... The Rockettes radio for a 21st century ... "Art" sets the bar high for the rest ... Cocoon Room spreads its creative wings Mick Foley to tell wrestling tales in ... Rep's "A Raisin in the Sun" an overwhelming ... Balloon Man creates twisted art Discover Lost Ozaukee Mondo Lucha is much more than Mexican ... Actor profile: Brian Mani of the American ... Road warriors, rebels and rock stars: ... These "Miserable Men" want to make you ... Wisconsin State Fair lines up four more ... Park "pops up" under Holton Street bridge ... New books talk "Wisconsin Talk" and ... Tony Award winner steered Rep's search ... "Elvis Lives" presents energetic, authentic ... Shift Switch: Magician's assistant "50 Shades of Grey" invents "mommy porn" ... Real kids review "Real Pirates" Wisconsin's Trussoni remains hot on ... Milwaukee Talks: author Lesley Kagen Optimist puts on a very likeable "As ... Celebrating Milwaukee's own Rembrandt ... Search OnMilwaukee.com! pizza man church festivals fireworks dave begel sarah brucker brunch fish fry weekend preview outdoor dining Time Warner Cable, Journal... Jennings, Ellis: They are ... Self-scouting should now be... New Pink Planet to rise over... Scathing SeaWorld doc "Blackfish"... Five Milwaukee eyesores Social Circle: Where's your... OnMilwaukee.com Live Tweets from @omc_talkbacks/onmilwaukee  About OnMilwaukee.com Dining | Bars  Clubs | Music | Movies  TV | Sports | Arts  Entertainment | Marketplace | Kids  Family | Living | Milwaukee Buzz | Travel  Visitors | Events | Weather | MyOMC | Readers Blogs | E-mail Newsletters | Text Headlines | Terms of Service | Help | Advertising Info | Feedback | About Us | RSS | Privacy Statement [if lt IE 8 ]>  window.attachEvent('onload',function(){CFInstall.check({mode:'overlay'})}) 