 beSmart Home About Membership News FAQ Restoration Contact 1 2 3 4 Tune your Auto Run Like New Comprehensive Lessons Experts to You  Welcome! Welcome to Tuning Auto! Here you can learn how to tune up your car depending on the make and model. While a member, you can get free access to our logs and reports and instructions about how to service your car. To learn more, visit our About page! Maintenance Tips Help Keep Cars Running More Efficiently for Longer Anyone who owns and drives a car understands that there is a lot that goes into maintaining that car. There are a number of different considerations drivers need to make when owning a car that could keep it running for years to come. Without the proper maintenance and high quality parts from the PartsGeek auto parts warehouse, drivers could end up ruining their engine or other vital parts of their vehicle. The fact is that learning how to tune up one's car is an essential lesson that everyone should know. Some of the most basic maintenance actions that need to be taken regularly include oil changes, tire rotation, coolant, window wipers, and more. Oil changes need to be done every three to five months depending on the type of car. Some places recommend an oil change every 3,000 miles, but that also depends on the vehicle. Regular oil changes can keep a car running smoothly and will also help with gas mileage. Tire rotation helps with even tire wearing and easily road handling. The coolant must be checked and filled at all times in order to keep the engine from overheating. Many of the items drivers need for these and other car maintenance can be found at the PartsGeek auto parts warehouse . The important part is being informed of all the proper maintenance actions that should be taken to keep a car running efficiently. Read about What Coilover Suspensions Can Do For Your BMW >>> Quick Links It is summer Figure out how to do a coolant flush! Find out more Contact us With questions Questions? Ask us today! Contact Us Quick Advice Get an oil Change You should get an oil change every 4 to 5 months depending on your car! This keeps your car running smoothly and effectively. Get your Tires Rotated Every time you get an oil change, you should be rotating your tires. This helps keep your tires wearing evenly. Check your coolant Checking the level of coolant can help save your engine from over heating! Make sure to check it every month. Change your window wipers every fall Depending on where you live, you may need to change your wipers every fall or even every two seasons. This makes it easier for you to see the road durring heavy rains and keeps you and those around you safe. Copyright  Auto Tuning 