 FamousPeople.com Presents the lives of famous people throughout history Biographies Ask the Oracle Gossip Talk Real People News WorldAthletes.com Biographies include historical figures, celebrities and countless individuals who have influenced the lives of others. Your resource for questions, answers, and discussions about famous people. ( Subject matter strictly enforced ). Gossip, talk or share your opinion about famous and historical persons with others. Not just the ordinary, these interesting biographies contain photos and facts about real people.  Entertainment and current events from movies to music to cultural,  political and social events that shape our world. Online biographical reference of sports and athletes from around the world. Famouspeople.com  Famouspeople.com is an online biographical reference which   chronicles the lives of famous people throughout the world Our database  of biographies includes celebrities, historical figures  and high achievers in all fields of human endeavor  as well as those people who are not famous,  but have made a difference in the lives of others. We can help find information you need about famous and historical figures... just ask the Oracle. Ask the Oracle can help you find answers to questions or research you seek regarding famous people . If you want to talk to others with the same interests, visit the Gossip Talk and take part in the ongoing discussions with people from all over the world. Celebrity links provides  you with a brief history of celebrities as well as  informative links and news resources. Famouspeople.com is an online  biographical resource about historical and famous  people from around  the world. We include the same features you enjoy here  on Worldathletes.com including biographies, questions  and gossip about historical, celebrities and famous  people from around the world. Real People is  a presentation of people just like you. Not just the  ordinary, browse these interesting biographies, photos  and facts about real  people around the world, their interests and  their lives. [ Home ] [ Biographies ] [ Ask the Oracle ] [ Celebrity Gossip ] [ Celebrity Links ] [ World Athletes ] [ Real People ] Thank you for joining us in our discussion, research and gossip about historical figures, celebrities and famous people from around the world [ web design by webdesigners.com ] [ web hosting by electricfoundry.com ] [ business marketing by businesshosts.com ] All features and content copyright  1995 - 2006 Electric Foundry, LLC 