  Find the lowest price for your car seat Home | Articles | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Britax Roundabout Sale Now only $149.00 Click here to get the Britax Roundabout for Only $149.00 Click here toget Array% off the Britax Roundaboutwith coupon code Array You can rely on the Britax Roundabout Convertible Car Seat to keep your child safe. With the usual Britax multiple-height position 5-point harness, and LATCH connectors this is one of the safest car seats around. It has a versatile, contoured, and compact base that allows it to be installed in many cars. It is good for children up to 40 pounds or 40 inches. Get Your Coupon Here BEST OFFERS  $149.00 $159.99 With Diaper.Com's coupon code 10PERCENT for first time customers $199.99 Store Rating: BabyCatalog has been nationally recognized in the Baby Bargains book by Denise and Alan Fields, as well as in the Baby's Best book, Parenting magazine, Child magazine, Money magazine and others. Store Rating: Store Rating: Amazon.com is without a doubt one of the most trusted sources for online shopping today. They have a large baby store that features a wide range of baby products at competitive prices. Visit Baby Catalog Visit Diapers.Com Visit Amazon Britax Roundabout Features Compact size: ideal for use in smaller cars with limited space 5 point harness: The tangle-free 5 point harness has 3 harness heights and allows for a secure, snug fit LATCH connectors: The push button LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for Children) system makes installation quick, simple, and sug The Britax Roundabout has both rear and forward facing recline for maximum comfort Front harness adjustment allows for a consistent snug harness fit The patented Versa-Tether anchors the top of the seat to your car reducing movement in case of impact Built-in lock-offs on the side secure the car's seat belt tightly more delails on the Britax Roundabout Convertible Car Seat at the Britax Roundabout Sale Get Coupons Get coupons for car seats, strollers, diapers, clothing, and more! Name: Email: Our Sponsors  Search Search by category Search by brand Keyword Price range please enter lower and higher $ value from to  Our Sponsors Video  Testimonials "Your site is so great. I bought my car seat and saved so much money" More testimonials...  Infant Car Seats Convertible Seats Booster Seats  Car Seats Britax Advocate CS Britax Boulevard Britax Boulevard CS Britax Decathlon Britax Diplomat Britax Fronteir Britax Frontier Britax Marathon CS Britax Marathon Britax Regent Britax Roundabout Peg Perego Primo Viaggio  lorsem ipsum  dolor sit amet  con tuerscing  On line :: Help :: FAQ :: Customer care  You are reading about the Britax Roundabout Convertible Car Seat - Copyright  CarSeatPlace. All rights reserved. 