  Search USU Search USU Search USU home A-Z index calendars MyUSU contact directory  Go Departments Art  Design Music Theatre Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art Production Services Events News Upcoming Events Buy Tickets Sign Up for Events Lists Search Events Students Advising Scholarships Eccles Scholars Celebrate America Current Students Advising Art & Design Music Theatre Future Students Art & Design Music Theatre Community Community Support News Upcoming Events Visiting Campus Visitor Parking Visitor Parking Permits Visitor Parking Areas Visitor Parking Meter Map USU Campus Maps Building Hours Resources for Hire CCA Venues Kent Concert Hall Morgan Theatre Caine Lyric Theatre Manon Caine Russell Kathryn Caine Wanlass Performance Hall Tippetts Exhibit Hall Tippetts Balcony Black Box Studio Theatre Giving Giving About About CCA Dean's Office Staff Directory Mission Statement & Goals History Dean's Office Faculty & Staff Dean's Advancement Council CCA Venues Kent Concert Hall Morgan Theatre Caine Lyric Theatre Manon Caine Russell Kathryn Caine Wanlass Performance Hall Tippetts Exhibit Hall Tippetts Balcony Black Box Studio Theatre Contact Us Contact CCA Faculty  Staff Directory Dean's Office Staff Art & Design Faculty & Staff Music Faculty & Staff Theatre Arts Faculty & Staff Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art Staff Production Services Staff Alphabetical list of all CCA Faculty & Staff Resources for Hire Visiting Campus Visitor Parking Visitor Parking Permits Visitor Parking Areas Visitor Parking Meter Map USU Campus Maps Facebook Twitter Linkedin Upcoming Events Click on an event to view more information. Click on it a second time to hide that information New Acquisitions Exhibit When: Jun 21, 2013 11:00:00 AM Description: The Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art is featuring nine works of art recently donated to the museum by the late Joe Austin. These artworks are avante garde pieces from the 1970s and 1980s by artists working in the Los Angeles area and include an early painting by Lari Pittman. Beginning in 2005, Joe Austin gave a number of important works to the Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art. He died in March 2013 in Los Angeles at the age of 74. Mr. Austin donated modern and contemporary artworks by Alison Saar, Charles Gaines, Dewain Valentine, and Peter Shire among others. A reception will be held on October 4 at 5 p.m. and is free and open to the public. The museum is open Monday through Friday 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. and Saturdays 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. Location: Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art, Chase Fine Arts Center Click here for more information Female + Form Exhibition When: Jul 1, 2013 11:00:00 AM Description: This selection of artwork from the permanent collection of the Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art embraces a diverse range of forms and showcases work by important women artists. Highlights include posters by the Guerilla Girls, an installation piece by Ilene Segalove, photography from the second wave of feminism, and minimalist abstraction. A reception will be held on October 4 at 5 p.m. and is free and open to the public. The museum is open Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. and Saturdays from 11 a.m. - 4 p.m. Location: Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art, Chase Fine Arts Center Click here for more information Retirement Open House for Marcia Roberts When: Aug 28, 2013 12:15:00 PM Description: Marcia Roberts, academic adviser for the Caine College of the Arts, is retiring. Come honor her and her immense contribution to the college at an open house at 12:15 in the Rock Lobby, located between the Morgan Theatre and the Kent Concert Hall. Students, faculty and staff are all encouraged to come. Location: Rock Lobby, Chase Fine Arts Center, USU Campus Click here for more information Adrian Van Suchtelen Exhibit When: Sep 3, 2013 10:00:00 AM Description: Retired faculty member Adrian Van Suchtelen's work will be on display in the Tippetts Exhibit Hall, located in the Chase Fine Arts Center. Van Suchtelen taught in the Department of Art & Design from 1967 until 2003. A reception will be held on September 6 and is free and open to the public. The Tippetts Exhibit Hall is open Monday through Friday 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. Location: Tippetts Exhibit Hall, Chase Fine Arts Center, USU Campus Click here for more information Museum and Music When: Sep 5, 2013 4:00:00 PM Description: The Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art in the Caine College of the Arts is hosting Museum and Music on Thursday, September 5 at 4 p.m. The museum is located in the Chase Fine Arts Center. Location: Nora Eccles Harrison Museum of Art, Chase Fine Arts Center Click here for more information News Click on a news item to view more information. Click on it a second time to hide that information Caine College of the Arts Faculty Member Honored with Founders' Award ' Utah State University faculty member Matt Omasta recently received the 2013 Educational Theatre Association Founders’ Award for his research in theater education. ' Posted: Aug. 15, 2013 Published: Aug. 15, 2013 Published by: Utah State Today Click here for more details. Youth Conservatory Combining Old and New for a Fulfilling Year ' "Being a part of an internationally-recognized organization is a significanthonor for the Youth Conservatory,” said Kevin Olson, director of the YouthConservatory and faculty member in the Caine College of the Arts. “Lastyear we were one of a dozen programs from around the country to benamed a founding school and this allows us to implement the RoyalConservatory syllabus with our curriculum." ' Posted: Aug. 15, 2013 Published: Aug. 15, 2013 Published by: Utah State Today Click here for more details. USU Alumni Band celebrates 50th anniversary ' Players reminisce about founder’s legacy as milestone approaches. ' ' Alumni Band members will gather next Sunday to celebrate the group’s 50th year with a free public concert featuring internationally renowned conductor Col. Arnald D. Gabriel, conductor emeritus of the United States Air Force Band. ' Posted: Jul. 29, 2013 Published: Jul. 25, 2013 Published by: The Salt Lake Tribune Click here for more details. Craig Jessop to Speak at Annual United Way Fundraiser ' United Way, Caine College join forces to raise money for youth ' ' You could say "Notes of Appreciation" is an appropriate theme for the United Way of Cache Valley's largest event of the year because the featured speaker at the annual fundraiser is Craig Jessop, dean of the Caine College of the Arts at Utah State University. The United Way's executive director Doug Stephenson said the event will be held on Saturday, June 29 in the USU Taggart Student Center ballroom and everyone is invited to attend. ' Posted: Jun. 19, 2013 Published: Jun. 19, 2013 Published by: Cache Valley Daily Click here for more details. Raymond Veon Appointed as Founding Director of Arts Access Program ' The Caine College of the Arts, in joint collaboration with the Emma Eccles Jones College of Education and Human Services, has appointed Raymond Veon the Founding Director of the Beverley Taylor Sorenson Arts Access Program and the Assistant Dean for Arts Education. ' Posted: May. 20, 2013 Published: May. 20, 2013 Published by: Caine College of the Arts Production Services Click here for more details. Buy Tickets Support the Arts Old Lyric Repertory Company Faculty Resources 2012 Caine College of the Arts - Utah State University 