  Home | Join | e-Updates | Give | Press | Contact × close  visit Hours and Admission Directions Free Days & Programs Accessibility Group Visits About the UMFA Museum Manners & Policies Private Event Rental The Museum Café The Museum Store UMFA Blog education Events Calendar Education Staff Adults U of U Students and Faculty Teachers and Schools Families Classes exhibitions Current Exhibitions Future Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Virtual Exhibitions salt collections Collections Database Highlights of the Collection Reproduction Requests Object Viewings and Photography Tours Appraisal Services Nazi Era Provenance Research join us Membership Volunteer Employment Internships SMAC for Students Private Event Rental Classic. Contemporary. Let art inspire your next event. Welcome to the Utah Museum of Fine Arts, located in the breathtaking Marcia and John Price Museum Building. The UMFA's award-winning architecture adds inspiration and elegance to every occasion. More than 5,000 years of art and culture fascinate guests year-round at weddings, business retreats, board meetings, and receptions. Event Services Contact Emily Haws, UMFA Event Coordinator | 801.581.5643 emily.haws@umfa.utah.edu G.W. Anderson Family Great Hall This sweeping five-story room is one of the most stunning multi-use event spaces in Salt Lake City. The dramatic grand staircase, rich cherry wood floors, and outdoor sculpture court with gorgeous valley views create an elegant backdrop for weddings, large cocktail style gatherings, and exquisite formal dinners. The Utah Museum of Fine Arts event coordinator will customize the Great Hall to meet your needs and assist in creating an event that embraces the beauty of the artwork surrounding you. Specifications: 3,904 square feet Features outdoor sculpture court with valley views Tables and chairs available with rental Adjustable lighting Basic A/V equipment includes: iPod adapter, microphone, five disc CD player Capacity: Standing capacity: 350 guests Seated capacity: 200 guests The Museum Caf and Patio Wood and granite floors, glass windows, and the notable Moab 1 bas-relief sculpture create a unique backdrop for intimate events. Your guests will enjoy the beautiful University of Utah campus by utilizing the outdoor patio area during the spring, summer, and fall months. Caf furniture is portable, enabling you and your Utah Museum of Fine Arts event coordinator to create a floor plan specific to your event. Specifications: 3,200 square feet Features existing bar tables and portable caf table and chairs Tables and chairs available with rental Capacity: Standing capacity: 100 guests Seated capacity: 60 guests Katherine W. and Ezekiel R. Dumke, Jr. Auditorium The UMFA's state-of-the-art auditorium is the perfect setting for lectures, films, and presentations. The comfortable, acoustically-balanced space boasts a comprehensive projection system for DVD, VHS, and PowerPoint. Specifications: 619 square foot stage Green room for speakers or performers Microphones, theatre sized screen, basic cabling for A/V DVD/VHS/CD player Pre-set lighting options Capacity: Seated Capacity: 263 guests ADA accessible Brady-Hansen Boardroom Breathtaking views of the Wasatch Range will awe your guests as they meet in the Brady-Hansen Boardroom. This handsome room features a transformable table to accommodate a variety of event needs such as classroom-style gatherings, board meetings, retreats, and small receptions. Specifications: 711 square feet Transformable boardroom table and chairs Projector, laptop, and conference phone available upon request Capacity: Standing Capacity: 50 guests Seated Capacity: 30 guests Information Frequently Asked Questions Preferred Professionals Testimonials UMFA Events in the News Rental Spaces G.W. Anderson Family Great Hall The Museum Cafe and Patio Katherine W. and Ezekiel R. Dumke, Jr. Auditorium Brady-Hansen Boardroom  .             Marcia & John Price Museum Building | 410 Campus Center Drive, Salt Lake City, UT 84112-0350 | Phone: 801-581-7332 | Site by CentralPoint - Disclaimer 