   Jackson Hole Real Estate Site Map | Blog | RSS | Locale | Home Coastal Real Estate Locales Desert Real Estate Locales Mountain Real Estate Locales Real Estate Search Area Lifestyle Neighborhood Guides Buyer's Resources Area Lifestyle Lifestyle Articles Arts & Entertainment Art Nightlife   Home  Area Lifestyle  Lifestyle Articles  Arts & Entertainment Jackson Hole Real Estate Search Property Type ------------------------- All Property Types ------------------------- Homes Condo/Villa Townhouse For Rent Fractional/Time Share Land Investment/Rental Ranch Attribute/Amenity ------------------------- All Attributes/Amenities ------------------------- Attributes ------------------------- Teton Views Wooded Waterview ------------------------- Amenities ------------------------- Luxury Golf Course Walking/Biking Trails National Forest Access Ski-in/Ski-out Fly Fishing Price Range -------------- All Prices -------------- up to 100k 100k - 200k 200k - 300k 300k - 400k 400k - 500k 500k - 750k 750k - 1.0m 1.0m - 1.5m 1.5m - 2.0m 2.0m - 2.5m 2.5m - 3.0m 3.0m - 4.0m 4.0m - 5.0m 5.0m and up Locality ------------------------- All Jackson Hole Localities ------------------------- Jackson Hole Area Town of Jackson West of Town West Bank North Pines & Aspens West Bank South West of Town to the Snake Teton Village (JHMR) North of Town South of Town to the Snake Outlying Regions of Jackson Hole Teton Valley, Idaho/Wyoming Driggs, Idaho Victor, Idaho Alta, Wyoming Star Valley, Wyoming Sublette County, Wyoming Pinedale, Wyoming Idaho (outside Teton Valley) Montana Wyoming (other) Find additional search criteria at our expanded Real Estate Search Jackson Hole Arts and Entertainment Burgeoning Art and Entertainment Scene Fulfills Jackson Hole Real Estate Buyers Jackson Hole Arts and EntertainmentBurgeoning Art and Entertainment Scene Fulfills Jackson Hole Real Estate Buyers Its beginning to seem that everyone in Jackson Hole has an artistic flair or at least an affinity for art. Coffee shops and bars showcase local talent in addition to more than 30 galleries with visual delights from western, to contemporary, to abstract. Open mike nights, live music, and literary events are well attended. If Jackson Hole is a wildlife corridor, the town of Jacksons new Center for the Arts is an artists refuge. Supporting 20 art organizations, the Center has a 525-seat theater, plus, dance, pottery and painting studios all snug in one state-of-the-art building. The Center is home to Off Square Theatre Company, Dancers Workshop and the Jackson Hole Film Institute , all regional leaders in visual or performing arts. As the newest addition to the art scene, the Center has fast become a mecca for regional artists while also attracting writers, performers, and technicians from across the country. A joint education component adds an interactive approach to the perennial schedule of culturally rich Jackson Hole entertainment. The musical beat begins at the Mangy Moose in Teton Village, which lines up a year-round calendar of national-class acts from rock, to jazz, to funk. The Cowboy Bar has live country music to add to Jackson Hole entertainment possibilities and local pubs and resorts host acoustic and dance rhythms many nights of the week. On a highly sophisticated note, Grand Teton Music Festival is the crown jewel of symphony orchestra and provides locals with worldly Jackson Hole entertainment. Musicians and conductors come from across the nation to spend summers playing in Jackson Hole. Entertainment with a patriotic twist is provided by the Festivals well-attended Music in the Hole, a free local concert every July 4th at Alpine Field. For two decades now the National Museum of Wildlife Art features a renowned permanent collection. The distinct building etched into the hillside north of Jackson Hole overlooks the 25,0000 acre National Elk Refuge. Jackson Hole art galleries number more than 30 and the town presents one of the top art markets in the nation. Although Western Art is a distinguished part of the art scene, every medium and genre are represented in Jackson Hole with an established and fast-blossoming contemporary arts movement. The active Chamber of Commerce leaves no artistic stone unturned during the Jackson Hole Fall Arts Festival. Chefs, contemporary artists, galleries, collectors, and appreciators come together in a mosaic of local abundance. As always, Western tastes are appeased as well with cowboy poetry, music and ranch tours. In 2007 the Western Design Conference adds prestige in the furnishings and fashion realm. The Fall Arts Festival is a feast of culture, new and old, lassoed together for 10 days in September in the town of Jackson. // + More Arts & Entertainment Jackson Hole Art The history of the arts in Jackson Hole mirrors the history of human settlement in the valley: A few hearty pioneers led the way, followed by some daring homesteaders who cut a channel for the mainstream. Jackson Hole Nightlife A century ago, Jackson Hole nightlife revolved around the Clubhouse. Built in 1896 on Center Street, the Clubhouse was the place to gather for dances, a game of cards and gossip. Jackson Hole Community Profile Jackson Hole Real Estate Blog  ABOUT US ADVERTISING FEEDBACK LEGAL/PRIVACY LINKS HOME Recent Searches Recent Properties Register for My Locale coastal Real Estate Beaufort Charleston Daufuskie Island Hilton Head Lowcountry Savannah desert Real Estate Coming Soon mountain Real Estate Jackson Hole Western Ranches  