 Discover South Carolina Home Mobile Site Vacation Guides Brochures Itineraries eNewsletters Main Navigation See & Do Beaches Golf Food Attractions Parks Outdoor Shopping History & Heritage Arts & Entertainment Family Travel Festivals & Events Scenic Highways Explore the State Sports Lodging Hotels Vacation Rentals Bed & Breakfasts and Historical Inns Campgrounds & RV Parks State Parks Pet Friendly Unique Lodging Events Festivals & Events Atalaya SC Insiders Food Family Travel Arts and Culture Golf Less Traveled Outdoor Plan Your Trip Maps Brochures Cities & Towns Itineraries Vacation Guides Enewsletters RSS Feeds Transportation Welcome Centers Weather Photo Gallery Video Gallery Quick Links Travel Deals Beaches | Golf | Food | Attractions | Parks | Outdoor | Shopping | History & Heritage | Arts & Entertainment | Family Travel | Festivals & Events | Scenic Highways | Explore the State | Sports King Tut South Carolina Arts and Entertainment From South Carolina museums to art  theater  prepare to be impressed! Well be the first to admit that when it comes to having a national reputation for the arts, South Carolina may not be the first state that jumps to mind. But take a closer look, and youll be amazed by the award-winning South Carolina museums , performing arts centers and fine arts theaters that grace our historic cities and towns. And youll discover that honoring creativity and celebrating the arts is a longstanding South Carolina tradition. A renowned collection of European old master paintings and 30 elegant galleries can be found nestled into the quiet beauty of the Bob Jones University Museum in Greenville  a showcase in South Carolina Upcountry. But not all of our art lives in the past. Visitors to The Artists Colony in Sumter, South Carolina have a chance to walk amidst living, breathing studios, meet the artists and watch their work come to life. And the 25 galleries of the Columbia Museum of Art in our capital city of Columbia are home to Botticellis only fresco that resides outside of Italy, as well as work from Monet and art glass by Tiffany -- it's truly one of the most impressive museums in South Carolina . Interested in stage and screen? Look no further than Greenvilles Peace Center, offering a robust year-round schedule of musical and dramatic performances. Or catch the annual Beaufort International Film Festival featuring films, an art walk, art shows and lively parties celebrating Southern culture. For more museums in South Carolina , use the search below.  Browse... For... Narrow by... --ALL-- Accommodation Attraction Dining Park Transportation Service --ALL-- African-American Agricultural Amusement Centers Aquariums and Zoos Equestrian Farmers Market/Produce Stand Gardens Golf Courses Guided Tours Heritage Hiking Historic Churches and Synagogues Historic Sites Local Parks Marinas Military Sites and Museums Motor Sports Mountain Museums and Galleries National and State Forests National Parks Nature Based Park Attraction Planetariums Resort Islands Shopping Sports Theatres and Performing Arts Centers Trails Visitor Centers Waterfalls Wildlife Preserves --ALL--    Region  --ALL-- Aiken Area Charleston Area Columbia Area Florence/Darlington Area Greenville Area Greenwood Area Hilton Head Area Myrtle Beach Area Pendleton District Rock Hill Area Sumter Area  City --ALL--  Keyword << First 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Last >> < Previous  | Next > M Farms  Relaxed trail rides in the Francis Marion National Forest.  MagiQuest  This three-dimensional fantasy world lets participants choose their own adventures and quests, all with the aid of a magic wand. You can touch the castle walls, walk into the Pixie’s ... Magnolia Cemetery  The oldest public cemetery in Charleston, founded 1849 on the banks of the Cooper River, is listed on National Register of Historic Places. It is the final resting place for ... Magnolia Dale  Built c. 1830, Magnolia Dale was the home of South Carolina Lt. Gov. James H. Tillman. It now serves as the headquarters for the Edgefield County Historical Society. The Strom ... Magnolia Mall  Belk, Best Buy, Charlotte Russe, Foot Locker, Sears and JC Penney are among the more than 90 department and specialty stores located here.  Magnolia Plantation & Gardens  This world-famous plantation has been associated with the Drayton family since its founding in 1676. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, it includes the country\'s oldest garden (c.1680), ... Main Street Farmers Market  Open May through July with fresh vegetables, fruits, flowers and crafts.  Main Street Trolley  Main Street Trolley is pleased to introduce to the City of Spartanburg and the Upstate of South Carolina, historic trolley tours. Discover the many layers of history that surround Spartanburg. ... Mall At Shelter Cove  Experience great shopping with Belk and a discriminating mix of specialty stores! This is Hilton Head\'s only enclosed shopping mall. Amenities include wireless internet, television viewing and a play area ... Man O' War Golf Resort  Rising up from the depths of an 80-acre lake, this long-awaited course contains all the drama and challenge that are the hallmark of world-famous golf architect Dan Maples. The lake ... M Farms MagiQuest Magnolia Cemetery Magnolia Dale Magnolia Mall Magnolia Plantation & Gardens Main Street Farmers Market Main Street Trolley Mall At Shelter Cove Man O' War Golf Resort Manchester Meadows Manchester State Forest Manning Historic District Walking Tour Marcus Cook Farm & Garden Center Marilyn Couch's Produce Marion Chamber Of Commerce Marion County Chamber of Commerce Marion County Museum Marlboro Arts Council Marlboro Civic Center Center and McColl Auditorium Marlboro County Country Club MarshgrassAdventures.com Mast General Store Mast General Store Mauldin Area Chamber of Commerce May River Golf Club At Palmetto Bluff May-Lan Tree Plantation McCelvey Center McCormick Arts Council at the Keturah (MACK) McCormick County Chamber of Commerce and Visitor Center McCormick Meeting Room McKenzie Farms & Nursery McKissick Museum - University Of South Carolina McLeod Farms Medieval Times Dinner & Tournament, Inc. Memorial Park Mepkin Abbey Metropolitan A.M.E. Zion Church Metropolitan Arts Council Mid Carolina Club Middleton Outdoor Center Middleton Place Midland Valley Area Chamber Of Commerce Midland Valley Golf Club Midlands Archery Club Midway Par 3 - East Course Midway Par 3 - North Course Midway Par 3 - West Course Mill Creek Park Miller Farms Miss Nell's Tours Miuka Falls Mizpah Methodist Church Modjeska Monteith Simkins House Moegan's at Third & Kingston Moncks Corner Visitors Center Moonshine Falls Moree's Cheraw Country Club Morris Island Lighthouse Mount Carmel Campground Mount Vintage Plantation - Chester Course Mount Vintage Plantation Golf & Athletic Club Mount Vintage Plantation Golf Club Mount Vintage Plantation-Vintage Course Mountain Lakes Convention & Visitors Bureau Mt. Atlanticus Miniature Golf Mt. Carmel Meeting Room Mt. Nebo AME Zion Cemetery Mt. Olive Baptist Church Mt. Pleasant Visitor Center Mt. Prospect Methodist Mt. Zion AME Church Mullet Hall Equestrian Center At Johns Island County Park Mullins Chamber Of Commerce Mullins Heritage Tours Museum & Gallery at Bob Jones University Museum and Library of Confederate History Museum Of York County Musgrove Mill Museum Myrtle Beach Myrtle Beach Area Chamber Of Commerce & Visitor Bureau Myrtle Beach Area Chamber Of Commerce - South Strand Office & Visitor Center Myrtle Beach Area Chamber of Commerce Airport Welcome Center Myrtle Beach Area Convention & Visitors Bureau Myrtle Beach Convention Center Myrtle Beach Mall Myrtle Beach National - King's North Course Myrtle Beach National - SouthCreek Course Myrtle Beach National - West Course Myrtle Beach Official Welcome Center Myrtle Beach Pelicans Myrtle Beach State Park Nature Center Myrtle Beach Zipline Adventures Myrtle Waves Water Park Myrtlewood Golf Club - Palmetto Course Myrtlewood Golf Club - Pinehills Course 7 - 8 - A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - Y - Z - All  SC Department of Parks, Recreation and Tourism  1205 Pendleton St  Columbia, SC 29201 Contact Us About Us Press Room Advertising Industry Resources Student Resources Travel Trade Mobile Golf Beaches Girlfriend Getaways State Parks Reunions Meetings & Retreats Quick Links Deutsch UK Canada France Spain Italy Site Map Privacy Policy Legal Link To Us SCPRT.com  2013 South Carolina Department of Parks  Tourism. All Rights Reserved  