  CLEAN JOKES MAIN MENU Home - Categories Tell A Friend Suggest A Joke Link To Us More From ChristiansUnite Bible Resources  Bible Study Aids  Bible Devotionals  Audio Sermons Community  ChristiansUnite Blogs  Christian Forums  Facebook Apps Web Search  Christian Family Sites  Top Christian Sites  Christian RSS Feeds Family Life  Christian Finance  ChristiansUnite K I D S Shop  Christian Magazines  Christian Book Store Read  Christian News  Christian Columns  Christian Song Lyrics  Christian Mailing Lists Connect  Christian Singles  Christian Classifieds Graphics  Free Christian Clipart  Christian Wallpaper Fun Stuff  Clean Christian Jokes  Bible Trivia Quiz  Online Video Games  Bible Crosswords Webmasters  Christian Guestbooks  Banner Exchange  Dynamic Content View Joke! Blondes Jokes You're here  Jokes  Blondes Jokes  Selling a Car Category: Clean Blondes Jokes Clean Christian jokes, funny jokes, free jokes, and clean jokes and humor about blondes with my apologies to blondes everywhere. Selling a Car blonde tried to sell her old car. She was having a lot of problems selling it, because the car had 250,000 miles on it. One day, she told her problem to a friend she worked with at a salon. Her friend told her, There is a possibility to make the car easier to sell, but it's not legal. That doesn't matter, replied the blonde, if only I can sell the car. Okay, said the blonde's friend. Here is the address of a friend of mine. He owns a car repair shop. Tell him I sent you and he will turn the counter in your car back to 50,000 miles. Then it should not be a problem to sell your car anymore. The following weekend, the blonde made the trip to the mechanic. About one month after that, the friend asked her, Did you sell your car? No, replied the blonde, why should I? It only has 50,000 miles on it! Previous Blondes Joke | Blondes Index | Next Blondes Joke Choose another category Like This Page? Tweet Email this joke to a friend Search the Jokes Enter word or phrase More From ChristiansUnite... About Us | Privacy Policy | | ChristiansUnite.com Site Map | Statement of Beliefs Copyright  1999-2013 ChristiansUnite.com . All rights reserved. Please send your questions, comments, or bug reports to the webmaster. 