 Web Toolbar by Wibiya Home About Gossip Fashion Interviews Music News Gossip TV Contact Disclaimer Newsfeed Things Just Got Real! Erica Dixon Put Them Paws On Shay Johnson! God Forgives, Reebok Doesn’t!! Reebok Finally Drops Rick Ross My Man Might Be Trifiling But Im Not Leaving Him! 15 Celebrity Women Who Stayed With Their Men Through Everything! Ladies Are Your High Standards Keeping You Single? SHOTS FIRED! Jay Z Addresses Decision To Sell Brooklyn Nets! Groupie Puts Monicas Husband Shannon Brown On Blast For Cheating Rapper AP.9 Claims He Has Pics Of Ice Ts Wife CoCo In Bed Naked! [Drama] Ashantis Sister Shia Puts Nellys New Boo Tae Heckard On Blast Karrueche Tran Launches THE KILL In ATL Big Sean Feat. Kendrick Lamar and Jay Electronica Control (HOF) [Haute or Not] Miley Cyrus Rocks Sweatpants- Jeans To Myspace Launch Party When It All Falls Down: Sources Say Kim K Is Ruining Kanyes Career! The Dramatic Saga That Is Chriannas Relationship Continues Michael Jacksons Daughter Hospitalized For Suicide Attempt Is Trey Songz A Douche Bag? Will You Be Watching? Lifetime Original Trailer Sneak Peek: ‘Betty  Coretta ’ Based On The Wives Of Dr. Martin Luther King  Malcom X Should Chris Brown retire? Singer threatens to quit music after next album Naomi Campbell Robbed  Mugged While Trying To Hail A Cab In Paris [DRAMA] Futures Baby Mama Goes In On Ciara Told Ya! Beyonce Releases Proof She Was Really Pregnant: “Life Is But A Dream” [Video] Meek Mill Talks Charging Fans $100+ For Pics And Why He Doesn’t Care About Rick Ross’s Lyrics 09-04-13 Posted by Peachkyss | Filed Under: Gossip   It’s been a rough couple of weeks for Rick Ross, and rightfully so. Many have been very vocal about their disgust over his lyrics in the remix to the Rocko song “U.O.E.N.O” (“Put molly all in her champagne, she ain’t even know it / I took her home and I enjoyed that, she ain’t even know it”). As a result of those lines and his clear confusion about why it’s wrong (saying you would never say the word rape in a song and implying it just because you think you sound witty makes no sense) has led to a lot of uproar and calls for Ross to lose his endorsements with Reebok. Now people in his camp are having to answer for their boss’s lyrics, including Meek Mill, who had a radio interview in DC with 93.9 where he talked about that controversy, along with the heat he has been getting on his own for allegedly charging fans at his shows to be able take pictures with him. His answers were interesting to say the least, and can be kind of difficult to read…good luck. Necole Bitchie got word from numerous people , fans of the rapper, who were pissed about him asking them to pay more than $100 for a chance to cheese it up with him in pictures. When asked about the rumors that he was doing this, he says it wasn’t him, but his people (“homies”) who were making folks pay to take a pic with him. But with RB divas like Beyoncé and others charging hundreds of dollars for meet and greets, he doesn’t see the problem at all: “Actually, I was not charging to take pictures ya know? My homies be in the crowd and if my homie trying to make some money and you trying to get backstage, he might charge you. That’s your fault. I don’t even see nothing actually wrong. Beyoncé and Rihanna, they charge $500 for a meet and greet. I’m bout to do a meet and greet right now free. I been doing this for years, you know what I’m saying? I take pictures everyday. I just took 20 pictures. I hang in the neighborhood, you know what I’m saying. I hang in the hood. So you know it’s average to me. I come outside everyday, pictures is average to me.” And as for Rick Ross, does he understand why people are up in arms over his lyrics? He didn’t really say yes or no, but rather that he doesn’t care, especially when so many other rappers have said far worse over the years: “You know man, I don’t even care about nobody criticizing no lyrics man. People rap about killing stuff all day man. Biggie said ‘rape your kid, throw her over the bridge,’ back then and it was nothing, it was just hip-hop. Now you got all these weirdos on these social sites voicing their opinions about something anybody say. I don’t care; you know what I’m saying? I’m from the hood. I never really cared about what nobody said in no raps. Raps always been talking about killing, drugs, all types of stuff, you know what I’m saying? So you can’t just criticize no one thing nobody say man. It’s imaginary visuals. If a writer write about somebody getting raped in a movie, is he a rapist or he want girls to get raped? No, he just wrote about that in a movie.” The radio host and Mill went on to explain how they felt Eminem said such things and worse in his raps in the past, and nobody said anything negative about it, so why trip now? But that’s definitely not true, seeing as women’s rights groups and LGBT groups disapproved publicly about Eminem’s lyrics for many years, so where they got the idea that he was getting off scot-free, I’m not sure. But anywho, that’s his opinion. So what do YOU think about his thoughts on the controversy, folks? Join the conversation on Twitter @unveildgossip for your celebrity news, updates, fashion trends, and more. Share the love: Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Pinterest Google +1 Email Loading... Tweet var _gaq = _gaq || []; _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-39857070-1']); _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']); (function() { var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true; ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js'; var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s); })(); Leave A Comment  Top Follow @Unveildgossipdaily On Instagram Popular Tea [Drama] Ashanti's Sister Shia Puts Nelly's New Boo Tae Heckard On Blast Say What?!! T.I. & Tiny Headed For Divorce [Drama] Ciara & Rihanna's Bestie Melissa Ford Tweef It Out On Twitter Groupie Puts Monica's Husband Shannon Brown On Blast For Cheating As The Hood Turns: Tamar Braxton Responds To Joseline Hernandez [Coupled Up] Nelly and Tae Heckard Attend BET Award After Parties College Fashionistas On A Budget: Where To Shop For The Best Fashion Trends At A Low Price Nicki Minaj Attends BMI R/Hip Hop Awards In Roberto Cavalli Fall 2013 Black and Gold Printed Blazer, Blouse, Pleated Skirt, Versace Ankle Cuff Booties Jeezy Addresses Beef W/ Gucci Mane & Rick Ross Meanwhile Big Meech Calls Jeezy A Snitch & Releases Diss Track Danity Kane Is Baaaaack Just In Time For MTV VMA's Connect With UnveilD Gossip Featured Video Haute Pics [Haute or Not] Miley Cyrus Rocks Sweatpants- Jeans To Myspace Launch Party The Dramatic Saga That Is Chriannas Relationship Continues Ciara arrives at the kris jenner show in Louboutins and Celine Gucci Takes Neon To Another Level Like Us On Facebook Follow Us Twitter: UnveilD Gossip Tweets by @unveildgossip Juicy Tops Popular Tags Awards beef Beyonce Biography celebrities Celebrity celebrity blog celebrity feud celebrity gossip Celebrity News Celebrity Relationship celebrity updates celebs chris brown drama Fashion fashion trends Gossip Hollywood gossip Interview jay z juicy celebrity rumors K. Michelle Kanye West keyshia cole Kim Kardashian Message Boards Music Music News New Music News nicki minaj Photos Reality TV Red Carpet rhoa rihanna SOLANGE Style Tamar Braxton Trends tv twitter vh1 video Blog Roll Gossip We Love Spilldabeanz Posh The Socialite Tracther Trail Her Boss Chicks The Jasmine Brand Erica Vain Global Grind Bossip Baller Alert handbags  UnveildGossip.com: Page 2 [Photos] Rasheeda Celebrates With Friends At Baby Shower Chris Brown suffers from a seizure; refuses medical help Nicki Minaj Hits Miami Streets In A Dolce  Gabbana... Adrienne Bailon In Topshop White Textured Panel Blazer,... Beyonce debuts new hair on Instagram Should Chris Brown retire? Singer threatens to quit music... Ciara arrives at the kris jenner show in Louboutins and... [New Music] Big Sean Fire Starring miley UnveildGossip.com: Page 4 Jay Z compares self to President Obama; arrogantly responds... [First Look] The Game  Ex-Fiancé Return For Season 2... Rihanna forced to pay over $47,000 for missing court dates Jay-Z Surprises Beyonce At Philly Show DJ Khaled Proposes To Nicki Minaj On MTV Kim Kardashian and Kanye Spend Over $1 Million On Beds For... Trayvon Martins Mother Devastated to Hear Zimmerman... Relationship Talk: Adrienne Bailon Buys Ex A... UnveildGossip.com: Page 3 Jennifer Hudsons Do Something Award... Paula Patton Arrives To The Today Show In An Oliver... [Haute or not] Rihanna has new hairagain Fall Fashion Trends alert; hM launches online store [New music] Drake ft. 2 Chainz and Big Sean All... Paula Patton Slays The Red Carpet In A Basil Soda Fall 2013... InstaChic: Beyoncé Poses In A Topshop Grey Metal Alphabet... [Video] Adrienne Bailon Talks About Break-Up to Rob... Copyright  2013 - UnveilD Gossip | Black Celebrity Gossip | Fashion News | Latest Entertainment News. All Rights Reserved. Developed By 1090 Media AppMarx Partners Widget Close Please support the site By clicking any of these buttons you help our site to get better Twitter Follow Me Facebook  Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 