Search Images Maps Play YouTube News Gmail Drive More  My library | Help | Advanced Book Search | Sign in Advanced Book Search Books books.google.co.uk - While there has been a growing interest in the use of grotesque imagery in art and literature, very little attention has been given to the religious and theological significance of such imagery. This fascinating book redresses that neglect by exploring the religious meaning of the grotesque and its importance... http://books.google.co.uk/books/about/The_Grotesque_in_Art_and_Literature.html?id=Gi9ddl92O4sCutm_source=gb-gplus-share The Grotesque in Art and Literature Get print book No eBook available Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Amazon.co.uk BookDepository - £14.80 Waterstones WHSmith Blackwell Find in a library Find local bookshops Find local bookshops Where e.g., Plymouth or PL1 You need to enter a location All sellers  New! Shop for Books on Google Play Browse the worlds largest eBookstore and start reading today on the web, tablet, phone, or ereader. Go to Google Play Now  The Grotesque in Art and Literature : Theological Reflections James Luther Adams , Wilson Yates , Robert Penn Warren 1 Review http://books.google.co.uk/books/about/The_Grotesque_in_Art_and_Literature.html?id=Gi9ddl92O4sC Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing , 1997 - Art - 279 pages While there has been a growing interest in the use of grotesque imagery in art and literature, very little attention has been given to the religious and theological significance of such imagery. This fascinating book redresses that neglect by exploring the religious meaning of the grotesque and its importance as a subject for theological inquiry. Preview this book  What people are saying - Write a review Review: The Grotesque in Art and Literature: Theological Reflections User Review - Stephanie - Goodreads A strong theological bent, but nice original insights rather than parroting of the history of theories of the grotesque. Read full review Related books On the Grotesque: Strategies of Contradiction in Art and Literature Geoffrey Galt Harpham No preview available - 2006 The grotesque in art and literature Wolfgang Johannes Kayser Snippet view - 1963 The Grotesque Philip John Thomson No preview available - 1972 All related books  Selected pages Title Page Table of Contents Contents IV 1 V 69 VI 75 VII 83 VIII 113 IX 125 X 143 XI 193 XII 227 XIII 243 XIV 275 XV 277 Copyright Common terms and phrases absurd Aeschylus alien ANSWERER antic appears Art and Literature artist aspects beautiful become Beloved called caricature carnival century character Christ Christian Claudius Clown confront created creation creatures crucifixion culture dark demonic distortion Domus Aurea encounter Erinyes essay evil experience explore fear feeling female body Flannery Flannery OConnor Francis Bacon Francisco Goya Ghost Gods name grotesque art grotesque body grotesque image Grotesque in Art grottesche Hamlet HANDLER Harpham Hieronymus Bosch horror imagery insight interpretation James Luther Adams live male Martyrdom of Isaiah meaning medieval Mikhail Bakhtin monstrous mystery myth mythic nature NPNF OConnor Oresteia painting panel paradoxical play poem present QUESTIONER Rabelais reality redemptive religion religious Renaissance reveals scene scream sense Sethe sexual skull social speaks suggest Sylvester symbol theological things Three Studies Toni Morrison trans transformation triptych truth ugly understanding University vision visual Wolfgang Kayser woman women writes York References to this book From other books Embodiment in Cognition and Culture John Michael Krois Limited preview - 2007 From Google Scholar AThesis for Master of Arts Graduate School of Foreign Languages ... References from web pages ACTION YES Online Quarterly Notes On Women  the Grotesque by Lara Glenum. Printer-friendly version. Click here to discuss this essay at ACTION,YES FORUMS ... www.actionyes.org/ issue5/ excess/ glenum/ glenum1.html BOOKS REVIEWED IN THIS ISSUE BOOKS REVIEWED IN THIS ISSUE. Adams, James Luther  Yates, Wilson (eds), The Grotesque in Art and Literature:. Theological Reflections. ... www.blackwell-synergy.com/ doi/ pdf/ 10.1111/ 1467-9418.00010 More Grotesque Bibliography The Grotesque in Art and Literature: Theological Reflections. Grand Rapids, MI: wb Eerdmans, 1997. Adams, James Luther. The Grotesque and Our Future. ... davidlavery.net/ Grotesque/ Pages/ grotesquebibliography.html The Journal of Religion and Popular Culture In The Grotesque in Art and Literature: Theological Reflections, edited by jl Adams and W. Yates. Grand Rapids, MI: William B. Eerdmans. ... www.usask.ca/ relst/ jrpc/ art11-nineinchnails.html Literary Excursion into the Discomfort Zone: A Study of the ... Literary Excursion into the Discomfort Zone: A Study of the Adaptation from Textual to Visual Representation in Gambaros El Desatino ... www.questia.com/ PM.qst?a=o se=gglsc d=5002438951 NOTE UNIVERSITY OF WOLLONGONG COPYRIGHT WARNING NOTE. This online version of the thesis may have different page formatting and pagination. from the paper copy held in the University of Wollongong Library. ... www.library.uow.edu.au/ adt-NWU/ uploads/ approved/ adt-NWU20050307.143257/ public/ 02Whole.pdf DFW.bib ABSTRACT_ Borges: Writer on the Couch By DAVID FOSTER WALLACE Published: November 7, 2004 THERES an unhappy paradox about literary biographies. ... theknowe.net/ dfwfiles/ DFW_by_title.html T  YATRODA GROTESK VE B  R ÖRNEK OLARAK FERNANDO ARRABAL T  YATROSU tc. ANKARA ÜNVERSTES. SOSYAL BLMLER ENSTTÜSÜ. TYATRO ANABLM DALI. TYATRODA GROTESK VE BR ÖRNEK OLARAK. FERNANDO ARRABAL TYATROSU. Doktora Tezi ... acikarsiv.ankara.edu.tr/ fulltext/ 2396.pdf Less About the author (1997) Adams was the Edward Mallinckrodt Jr. Professor Emeritus of Divinity at Harvard Divinity School, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Yates is president and professor of religion, society, and the arts at United Theological Seminiary of the Twin Cities, New Brighton, Minnesota. Robert Penn Warren, the first Poet Laureate of the United States, was an unusually versatile writer who tried his hand at almost every kind of literature. In all of these forms, he achieved recognition and distinction, but it is as a poet, critic, and novelist that he was most widely known. Writing almost always about his native South, Warren produced 10 novels and a collection of short stories, The Circus in the Attic and Other Stories (1948). By far the most successful of his novels is All the King's Men (1946), the story of a southern politician and demagogue named Willie Stark, which Warren based on the rise and fall of Huey Long. Warren was considered one of the most influential of the New Critics, whose influence on the teaching of literature in American schools and universities during the late 1940s and 1950s could scarcely be overestimated. Because All the King's Men seemed to be the very epitome of what a good work of literature should be in New Critical terms---a complicated but highly readable narrative filled with irony and ambiguity---the novel came to be used widely in courses on modern fiction. It won both the Pulitzer Prize and the Southern Authors Award in 1947. Warren's other novels are disappointing by comparison. Following the success of All the King's Men, however, Warren seemed to turn to more loosely told stories about dramatic and romantic subjects, such as the interracial theme of Band of Angels (1955) or the natural catastrophes that serve as the crisis background for The Cave (1959) and Flood: A Romance of Our Time (1964). Wilderness: A Tale of the Civil War (1961) is an allegory of a man's spiritual quest for truth about himself and the world. Meet Me in the Green Glen (1971), the story of a tragic love affair, seemed to mark a return to the tighter structure and more complex artistry of Warren's earlier novels, but A Place to Come To (1977), his last novel, in which an elderly and renowned scholar who seems to owe much to Warren himself looks back on his family's past in an effort to find the meaning of his life, struck some reviewers as a confused and tired work. Sometime midway through his career as a novelist it is as if Warren stopped thinking of himself as a southern writer in the tradition of William Faulkner and turned instead to Thomas Wolfe for inspiration. Although in retrospect that switch must be regretted, no one can deny the immense influence of Robert Penn Warren on modern letters. Warren's poetry is intellectual, rich in powerful images, and has its roots in the pre-Civil War South. He continued to write impressive poetry almost until the time of his death. Bibliographic information Title The Grotesque in Art and Literature: Theological Reflections Editors James Luther Adams , Wilson Yates , Robert Penn Warren Edition illustrated Publisher Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1997 ISBN 0802842674, 9780802842671 Length 279 pages Subjects Religion  Christian Theology  General Art / Criticism  Theory Religion / Christian Theology / General Social Science / Sociology of Religion Export Citation BiBTeX EndNote RefMan About Google Books - Privacy Policy - TermsofService - Blog - Information for Publishers - Report an issue - Help - Sitemap - GoogleHome 2012 Google