 Arts at Michigan Music Architecture Literary Arts Visual Arts Theatre Film Dance Administration Events Search for Events Current Arts Info Submit an Event Subscribe to Arts Info Unsubscribe from Arts Info Student Ticket Deals Blogging Opportunities [art]seen arts, ink. Programs Artscapade Arts Adventure Arts Ambassadors Art Outta Town Arts  Eats As I See It Community Art Projects  Art 4 Activism Downtown Mural Fire Hydrant Art Project Green Fair Katrina in Our Lives Pigskins on Parade Save our Brass Sonnet Slam Walking Project FunPages Passport to the Arts Students and the Arts Funding Student Funding Faculty Funding Public Goods Council Logos  Marketing Resources Genre Pages Student Arts Checklist Callboard Courses RSS News Feeds Ticket Deals About Staff Directory Jobs at Arts at Michigan Contact Us Search Arts at Michigan Site Map Events  arts, ink. Skip to content   The Seriousness of Fashion Silicon Shuttles to a Synthetic State  Film vs. movies and Literature vs. Books: End this war!! Published by Sarah Ogar on February 18, 2013 . 0 Comments Tags: baudrillard , books , bridget jones , chick flicks , chick lit , disney world , genre , Movies . The other day, I went home for the weekend and to catch up on sleep and on Saturday night, catch up with my older sister.  We were sitting on her couch contemplating what to do for the rest of the night when suddenly, she got this mischevious look in her eyes that made her look like a third-grader with a secret to tell. What is it? I asked. Oh nothing, she said, like there was definitely something .  JustI feel like watching a really girly, really sappy movie.  Would you be up for it? You bet! I remember saying.  I was relieved that she didnt tell me she had cancer or something.  But afterwards I thought about the trepidation she must have felt before asking me about what to do for the night. And it got me thinking, as an avid cinephile and bibliophile, why are some people so ashamed of watching films or reading books that are in a genre?  Whats so bad about chick-flicks and chick-lit that makes normal people scrunch their faces and avoid asking you to watch them? As someone who loves serving up some Austen, Tolstoy, Baudrillard, or Borges from time to time, I will also admit that I have read Bridget Jones Diary waaay too many times to count. And Ive laughed out loud every time. Gets me every time. That is something that reading Baudrillard has never made me do (except when Ive laughed at Baudrillard to avoid crying because I have no idea what he is saying). Never gets anyone laughing, but is lauded for dissing Disney World. I am not saying that one is better than the other.  From time to time, I NEED challenging literature in order to assure me that my liberal arts brain can still function.  But from time to time, I think even the liberal artsy should get down from their marble column and descend into the pages or film clips of the genre book or movie and not be ashamed of it. 0 Response to Film vs. movies and Literature vs. Books: End this war!! Feed for this Entry No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Website Please note: JavaScript is required to post comments. Spam protection by WP Captcha-Free  The Seriousness of Fashion Silicon Shuttles to a Synthetic State  Search Search for:  Contact Us T 734.764.6413 Colophon Site Map ^Move Back Up Home Events Programs Funding Resources About Music Architecture Literary Arts Visual Arts Theatre Film Dance Administration Arts at MichiganSouth Quadrangle, 2809 Frederick, 600 East Madison, Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1372T734 764 6413F734 764 6291Earts@umich.edu Some rights reserved  The Regents of The University of Michigan 