  Blog Careers Contact Us Customer Login Search  Select Country / Language   Industry Solutions Aerospace Solutions Automotive Solutions Chemical Solutions Consumer Goods Solutions Fresh Food Solutions Manufacturing Solutions Services & Products Where can CHEP help? Pallets Containers Reusable Plastic Crates Product Finder Load Containment Service Centres Portals and IT Services Resources & Media Case Studies Videos Blog Media About CHEP Customer Portfolio Suppliers Fast Facts History Supporting Local Communities Awards & Recognition Associations & Memberships Why CHEP Environment & Sustainability Improved Supply Chain Efficiency Industry Expertise Outsourcing Partners Innovation Centre Equipment Pooling Solutions Supplier Diversity Blog Careers Contact Us Customer Login Industry Solutions Aerospace Solutions The new global force in outsourced ULD and Galley Cart management. Automotive Solutions The smarter, simpler way to get automotive parts from A to B, for less. Chemical Solutions Proven solutions for the handling of industrial catalysts and chemicals. Consumer Goods Solutions The industry’s global leader in pallet and container pooling services. Fresh Food Solutions Over 10 years of innovative solutions for the Fresh Food industry. Manufacturing Solutions Customised supply chain solutions for the world’s manufacturing industry. Additional Services Where can CHEP help?   CHEP is now expanding its range of services right across the source, make  deliver stages of the supply chain.   Portfolio+Plus  is a custom-designed online portal that provides CHEP customers access to all the tools and information needed to efficiently manage their account.   Services & Products Where can CHEP help? CHEP is now expanding its range of services right across the source, make  deliver stages of the supply chain. Pallets Pallets are used across all industries to transport goods and improve supply chain efficiency. Our range includes  wooden , plastic , import  export , aviation and automotive  pallets. Containers CHEP offers a range of IBCs ,  Pallecons , Automotive , Chemical and Aerospace containers for domestic and international trade. Reusable Plastic Crates RPCs are used for the transport, distribution and storage of fruit and vegetables. Our range includes foldable plastic crates , rigid crates  and beverage trays . Service Centres CHEP offers a comprehensive network of operations  service centres located close to major industry hubs and metropolitan regions. Portals and IT Services CHEP offers customers a range of services and online portals to help make doing business easier. Global Product Catalogue A full catalogue of CHEP's global product range of pallets, containers and RPCs available in your country. Resources & Media Case Studies Customers of different sizes and from a wide range of industries talk about their experience with CHEP. Videos A complete library of CHEP's videos on this site Blog Share information and insights around supply chain logistics and the industries CHEP serves. Media Latest news, plus media and press contacts for commentary and information. About CHEP Customer Portfolio We work with customers of all sizes  industries to provide equipment pooling services. Suppliers We strive to bring strategic value by procuring products  services efficiently, ethically  with quality, through the use of strategic partnerships. Fast Facts CHEP began in 1945 and is the largest provider of equipment pooling, with over 200 million pallets, 14 million containers and 170 million RPCs. Supporting Local Communities We strive to make a positive community contribution through support and education.   Awards & Recognition CHEP is the proud recipient of many logistics and environmental awards. Associations & Memberships CHEP works closely with leading associations and organisations across the globe. CHEP in your Country Language Belgique | Français België | Nederlands Česká Republika | Čeština Deutschland | Deutsch Eesti | Eestikeel España | Español France | Français Hrvatska | Hrvatski Italia | Italiano Latvija | Latviešu Lietuvoje | Lietuvių Kalba Magyarország | Magyar Nederland | Nederlands Österreich | Deutsch Polska | Polski Portugal | Português România | Română Slovenská Republika | Slovenčina Srbija | Srpski Suisse | Deutsch Türkiye | Türkçe Ελλάδα | Ελληνικά България | Български Argentina | Español Brasil | Português Centroamérica | Español Chile | Español México | Español   Canada | Français 中国 (China) | 中文 United Arab Emirates | الإمارات العربية المتحدة Why CHEP Environment & Sustainability CHEP is committed to ’do the right thing’ by our customers, our people, our community and the environment through the reuse and recycling of equipment. Improved Supply Chain Efficiency Our customers have access to readily available products through the sharing of managed, pooled pallets and containers to increase supply efficiency and reduce operational costs. Industry Expertise CHEP has a deep and long standing global expertise in pallet  container pooling, outsourcing and logistics. Equipment Pooling Solutions Equipment helps companies reduce capital expenditure and improve day-to-day supply chain operations. Supplier Diversity CHEP is committed to provide equal procurement opportunites to all suppliers and promoting supplier diversity throughout the CHEP USA supply chain.  This initiative contributes to the utilization of diverse suppliers that reflect employees, consumers and customers. Home Industry Solutions  Automotive Solutions Automotive Solutions Solution Overview Services & Products Customers & Case Studies Operations & Service Centres Customer Portal Blog & Resources Contact CHEP Automotive CHEP Automotive Solutions CHEP provides tailored solutions for the Automotive industry designed to improve supply chain efficiency  Driving new efficiencies in automotive logistics We understand operating the automotive industry today requires an increasingly flexible operation given increasing consumer demands, governmental safety and environmental regulations. Automakers respond to these challenges through innovation - by improving designs, manufacturing processes, logistics, and other business practices to achieve peak performance. Every minute your employees spend sorting, inspecting, cleaning and maintaining containers is time away from your company's core competency. We can help you achieve greater clarity in your current container management processes by helping you evaluate your in-house operation, to see if this is the right option for future growth and profitability. Since 1975, CHEP Automotive has operated in Australia, Europe, South Africa, Asia and more recently - North America. We've gained vast experience with the world's largest automotive companies - both domestic and international. This has given us in-depth knowledge with the cost and capital required to operate in-house container operations. Our capabilities - specialists in the automotive supply chain Enjoy lower costs of an outsourced container management service at higher service levels than achieved in-house A complete automotive container management solution for domestic and inter-continental component movements International containers designed to improve the economics of intercontinental flows Integrated national service centre networks, supporting large and small distribution networks Automotive container pooling - benefits for your business Tailored asset management solutions We are a global leader with over 300 million pallets and containers in our supply chains every day We're a division of Brambles, a global logistics leader with a market cap of over $US10 billion, and operations in over 50 countries and customers including Ford and GM Our people We're proactive, engaged, and at your service 24x7, 365 days a year. With experienced automotive know-how, logistics and asset management to rely on Our staff are trained to provide first-class, time-critical response to problem solving Dedicated operations and packaging design staff who will reverse engineer performance to ensure improved practices Lean Six Sigma Black Belts who can quickly identify ongoing cost-down opportunities  Sitemap |  Privacy, Terms & Cookie Policies |  Provide Web Feedback  | Copyright 2013 | View Full Site | View Mobile Optimised A Brambles Company Industry Solutions Aerospace Solutions Automotive Solutions Chemical Solutions Consumer Goods Solutions Fresh Food Solutions Manufacturing Solutions Services & Products Where can CHEP help? Pallets Containers Reusable Plastic Crates Product Finder Load Containment Service Centres Portals and IT Services Resources & Media Case Studies Videos Blog Media About CHEP Customer Portfolio Suppliers Fast Facts History Supporting Local Communities Awards & Recognition Associations & Memberships Why CHEP Environment & Sustainability Improved Supply Chain Efficiency Industry Expertise Outsourcing Partners Innovation Centre Equipment Pooling Solutions Supplier Diversity 