 Home 3LP About Comic Book Festival Contact Dia de los Muertos Gallery Scholarship La Puente Artwalk Nuvein Foundation for Literature and the Arts September La Puente Artwalk Vendor Spots available! Posted on | August 23, 2013 | No Comments The Nuvein Foundation will be organizing an outdoor Vendor and Artisan Bazaar at the La Puente Arcade Lot located at approximately 15903 Main Street, La Puente, CA 91744. Vendors will be placed and organized at the La Puente Arcade Lot by Nuvein Board members, Estella Neyer and Petra Nieto. The Nuvein Foundation will be processing day of applications for booth spaces for the La Puente Artwalk event at the Arcade from 1pm-4pm. Applications for the 4th Annual Dia de Los Muertos  El Monte event will also be processed on this dafe by Nuvein. You can d0wnload the La Puente Artwalk vendor application here . You can download the 2013 Dia de Los Muertos  El Monte vendor application here . For more details on the La Puente Artwalk, please follow the event page on Facebook . We hope that our artistic, creative, and inspiring artisans and craftworks can join us for the final 2013 La Puente Artwalk. Category: La Puente Artwalk Tags: Arte > artesanias > artisans > Artists > Booths > ddlm > dia de los muertos > El Monte > Facebook > Free events > La Puente Artwalk > LP Arcade > Nuvein > Nuvein Foundation > Old Town La Puente > Old Town La Puente Business Association > September 21st > Un Poquito Mas Arte > UPMA! > vendedores > Vendors > Vendors Bazaar  2013 DDLM El Monte Sponsorships Available! Posted on | August 8, 2013 | No Comments For a limited time only, the Nuvein Foundation for Literature and the Arts will be offering business and merchants from across the San Gabriel Valley the opportunity to sponsor the 4th Annual Dia de los Muertos El Monte 2013 event. Nuvein will open up a Sponsorship Drive for the period of Aug 8th to Aug 9th to Aug 30th, a 3 week period in which local business and merchants can consider contributing towards this growing artistic and cultural event. DDLM 2013 Sponsorship Drive August 9th  August 30th, 2013 DDLM 2013 – El Monte Sponsorship Levels El Recuerdo   ($100 level sponsorship) “Acuerdame siempre”/“Remember me forever” El Recuerdo level DDLM event sponsors will receive their company/brand’s logo on DDLM 2013 event flyers, posters, print/online publications, and mention on the final DDLM press release. Sponsors will receive a 2013 DDLM event poster and certificate of recognition from the Nuvein Foundation. La Ofrenda ($250 level sponsorship) “Lo que ofrezcas te realiza”/“What you offer and give fulfills you” La Ofrenda level DDLM level DDLM event sponsors will receive their company/brand’s logo on DDLM 2013 event flyers, posters, print/online publications, and mention on the final DDLM press release. Nuvein will offer La Ofrenda level sponsors a complimentary 1010 booth space at the DDLM El Monte 2013 event. Sponsors also will receive a 2013 DDLM event poster, a Nuvein DDLM t-shirt, and certificate of recognition from the Nuvein Foundation. Nuestro Altar ($500 level sponsorship) “En el altar nos reunimos todos”/“At the altar we all gather together” Nuestro Altar level DDLM level DDLM event sponsors will receive their company/brand’s logo on DDLM 2013 event flyers, posters, print/online publications, and mention on the final DDLM press release. Nuvein will offer Nuestro Altar level sponsors a complimentary 1010 booth space at the DDLM El Monte 2013 event, as well as be recognized on stage during the event. Sponsors also will receive a 2013 DDLM event poster, a Nuvein DDLM t-shirt, and certificate of recognition from the Nuvein Foundation. OTHER INCENTIVES MAY APPLY. ALL DONATIONS TO THE NUVEIN FOUNDATION ARE TAX DEDUCTIBLE ACCORDING TO CA AND FEDERAL TAX CODE. THE NUVEIN FOUNDATION FOR LITERATURE AND THE ARTS IS A CA 501(C)3 NON-PROFIT ARTS ORGANIZATION. For more information on sponsorship opportunities, contact Chris Trevilla  Nuvein President, via email at ctrevilla@nuvein.org for any inquiries in regards to Dia de Los Muertos – El Monte 2013. Category: Dia de los Muertos Tags: Arte > celebrations > Cultura > culture > ddlm > dia de los muertos > donations > El Monte > el monte valley mall  SAVE THE DATE: The 4th Annual El Monte Dia De Los Muertos 2013 at the Valley Mall Posted on | July 30, 2013 | No Comments Application for Vendor and/or Artist Booth is available for download . Category: Dia de los Muertos Tags: culture > Day of the Dead > EMSEM > Free events  San Gabriel Valley Comic Book Expo  Art Exhibit 2013 Posted on | June 6, 2013 | No Comments Nuvein Foundation / City of Baldwin Park Arts  Recreation Center brings you San Gabriel Valley Comic Art Show and Expo! Comic Art Exhibition dates: June 10  August 10, 2013 Gallery Hours: Mon.  Thurs. 4 PM  8 PM, Saturdays 10 AM  2 PM ARTIST RECEPTION FRIDAY, JUNE 21st 5 PM  8 PM COMIC BOOK EXPO SUNDAY, JUNE 23rd 11 AM  6 PM Free Admission! Category: Comic Book Festival  San Gabriel Valley Comic Book Festival 2013 Call for Arts Application Posted on | April 1, 2013 | No Comments Click the image below to download the application: Category: Comic Book Festival Tags: application > comic books > festival > SGV  Nuvein 2013 Executive Board elected Posted on | January 27, 2013 | No Comments As part of its annual reorganization efforts, the Nuvein Foundation Board underwent a nomination process in the Fall of 2012-13 to select candidates up for election to the Nuvein Executive Board, as well as for Officers within the board. As a result of subsequent elections in the month of January, the Nuvein Foundation for Literature and the Arts of the San Gabriel Valley is proud to announce the 2013-14 Executive Board of Directors: Christopher Luke Trevilla Miguel Sankitts Jeffrey Bickel Anabel Bello Kimberly Cobian Roberta Lujan Javier Hernandez Ryan Storms Petra Macias-Nieto Estella Wicker-Neyer Robert Berdin Rose Berdin Michael Churchman The Nuvein Foundation has also admitted and confirmed the following individuals into the Nuvein Advisory Board: Renato Aguirre Carlos Aranibar Tina Flores Donald Quintana Scott Essman Rick Stepp-Bolling Roxana Javadi-Kashani George Lumbert Grasiela Rodriguez Baldomero Perez Arturo Lopez Christopher Penalber Lisa Ruiz Mary Torregrossa The Nuvein Foundation congratulates its new board members and is committed to work hard to make 2013 a great year for community, culture, and the arts in the San Gabriel Valley. Category: Uncategorized  The San Gabriel Valley Literature Festival Posted on | January 25, 2013 | No Comments The SGV LitFest, a fellow CA 501 (c)3 arts non-profit, is organizing the first annual San Gabriel Valley Literature Festival this coming February in West Covina. We at the Nuvein Foundation for Literature and the Arts proudly promote and support this event, its aims, and what it will offer the community of West Covina and the San Gabriel Valley. Details from website: The San Gabriel Valley Literary Festival (or SGVLF) is an arts and literature festival coming to the West Covina, California February 15, 16, and 17, 2013. This event will feature Writers from across the globe, musicians, and installations by prominent artists. The event is presented by The City of West Covina , and will take place in the West Covina City Hall and the surrounding environs. The festival will host four stages with readings, panels, and live performances from poets, fiction writers, graphic novelists, and musicians. Local writers like Laurel Ann Bogen, Tony Barnstone, Gerry Locklin, Clifton Snider, Donna Hilbert, and Jeri Westerson will be there as well as great writers from around the world. Category: Uncategorized  The SGV Arts Directory Posted on | January 21, 2013 | No Comments Nuvein dedicates itself to voices rarely heard in a world increasingly devoid of diversity.  Enrique Diaz The San Gabriel Valley communities of Southern California are a shining example of diverse cultures and societies thriving side by side, where an ongoing process of cultural, ideological, and societal exchange is constant at every level from the evolving collegiate haunts of Claremont, Azusa, Pasadena, and Walnut to the changing demographics of assemblies and local governments such as those of Alhambra, Rosemead, El Monte, Baldwin Park, and evident in the flow and changes of businesses at the Valley Mall or Downtown El Monte, Old Town Monrovia, Uptown Whittier, and the many facets of the swapmeets, farmers markets, laundromats, and strip malls north and south of Valley Blvd. But one thing is certain to connect these many communities and cultures, and that is art. Simply put, the need to create something of value to oneself, for another, or for others is a shared experience. This universal impulse has led societies to many great discoveries and has brought about change. Nuveins founder, Enrique, believed in the unity of individuals that expressed itself in a variety of ways, so much so that Nuvein began its work as an online magazine publishing works of fiction, commentary, poetry, graphic and media art, as well as reviews that brought together individuals all over the globe in each volume of publication.  Following a successful nearly decade long run, the drive to affect change locally in the San Gabriel Valley emerged, which then gave rise to the Nuvein Foundation incorporating in El Monte. So, can you help us bring all artistic groups, organizations, and resources together in an Online Directory? We hope we can count on your help to make this happen. This Directory will be for aspiring and emerging artists to get a hold of any chances for further education/training, securing encouragement and assistance, and finding opportunities to showcase their work. If you are from any of the following SGV regions, please contact us via email at info@nuvein.org to inform us about your group/organization/resource and provide us any contact information and printable/shared media (eg. logo) that you wish included. Region A:    Altadena, Pasadena, Sierra Madre, La Canada-Flintridge, San Marino Region B:    South Pasadena, Alhambra, San Gabriel, Monterrey Park, Montebello Region C:   Arcadia, Monrovia, Temple City, Rosemead, Irwindale Region D:   El Monte, South El Monte, La Puente, Valinda, Baldw in Park Region E:   Whittier (North, Uptown), Avocado Heights, Hacienda Heights, Rowland Heights, La Habra Heights Region F:   West Covina, Covina, Azusa, Walnut, City of Industry Region G:   San Dimas, Claremont, Pomona, La Verne, Glendora, Diamond Bar Category: 3LP , Enrique , General  2012 Dia de los Muertos Performance Schedule Posted on | October 9, 2012 | No Comments Every year, the Nuvein Foundation works with the Downtown El Monte Business Association to create an event that highlights the traditions, culture, and artistic vision that defines the celebration of Dia de Los Muertos/Day of the Dead at the Valley Mall in Downtown El Monte, CA. As part of the Centennial celebration of the incorporation of the city of El Monte, this event has secured acts that are deeply rooted in the Mexican, Chicano, and Latino traditions surrounding Dia de Los Muertos and are representative of the various regions of Mexico and Latin America that commemorate this event. The 2012 Dia de Los Muertos organized by the Nuvein Foundation and sponsored by DEMBA is proud to present this years performers: Event Master of Ceremonies and Host: Kimberly Cobian  (11am-6pm) Kimberly Cobian is multi-cultural and multi-talented artist hailing from North Whittier, CA. She is a bilingual poet  writer, belly dance instructor  performer, consummate performance artist, and event organizer. Kimberly  is the president of the ZzyZx WriterZ Group out of El Serreno, CA.  Her group  coordinated and produced the Poetrypalooza Tour in August of 2012 to rave reviews and record attendances in venues all over LA County. She also serves on the Executive Board of the Nuvein Foundation for Literature and the Arts . Event DJ and Sound Systems Coordinator DJ Quinto Sol   Jesus Montoya  (11am-6pm) Jesus Montoya (DJ Quinto Sol) is a premier entertainment and event producer hailing from Dana Point, CA. Jesus company, DJ Quinto Sol Entertainment , has been organizing and entertaining at events since 1995 all over CA and across the Continental United States.  DJ Quinto Sol is a member of the Orange County  Southern California chapter of the American Disc Jockey Association . A proud and devoted father, avid entertainer, dedicated philantro-activist, DJ Quinto Sol will have everyone in the crowd energized and entertained during any event and setting. He is bound to echarle sabor to any party/event and make even the most reluctant get up and dance. Opening Performance (12pm-1245pm) Danza Cuauhtemoc Baldwin Park Danza Cuauhtemoc is a Aztec Danza group hailing from Baldwin Park. CA under the guidance and instruction of Chris Silva. They offer community classes in Aztec Danza for children, youth, and adults of all ages. Danza Cuauhtemoc is committed to preserving the traditions of Aztec/Mexica culture. Danza Cuauhtemoc has performed at Dia de Los Muertos events all over LA/SGV. They have performed at all Nuvein Dia de Los Muertos . Second Performance (1:15pm-2:00pm) Mariachi Solecitos de Jose Hernandez Mariachi Solecitos is a premier all adolescent and youth age mariachi group under the instruction of Jose Hernandez, director of the Mariachi Sol de Mexico , proprietor of Cielito Lindo Restaurant , and head of the Mariachi Heritage Society . The Solecitos, like their acclaimed counterparts, have performed at venues, festivals, and concerts all across the country. The Solecitos mariachi group are instructed in the traditions and discipline of mariachi by the school run by director Hernandez and the Mariachi Heritage Society. Their performance is sure to amaze and delight one and all. Third Performance (2:30pm-3:15pm) Eugenio Torres  Grupo P.O.E.S.I.A. Eugenio Genio Torres is a poet, singer-s0ngwriter with Mexican and Latin American roots that influence his compositions. His works speak of social justice, faith, love, loss, and the conflicts that tradition and progress create. Eugenio and fellow Latino and Mexican-American poet(a)s, singers, and performers have formed Poetas Organizados en un Espacio Social, Intelectual, y Artistico ( P.O.E.S.I.A. ) a group that has toured all over California, parts of Mexico, and across the US, organizing great events for the Hispanic communities and its poetic voices. Fourth Performance (3:45pm-4:30pm) Bernard Garcia and the Cali-Caribe Cuartet Bernard Garcia, also known as B.b. Garcia and his group of musicians fuse afro-cuban, tropical, and California folk into Mexican-Carribean stylings that have delighted crowds all across Los Angeles, as well as the La Puente Artwalk . Bernard Garcia and the Cali-Caribe Cuartet have performed at venues such as the Yost Theatre at their Noche de Boleros event, and at various cultural events.  This year they will be touring Day of the Dead events across the San Gabriel Valley , specifically, in Uptown Whittier, Rose Hills, El Monte, and Alhambra. Their music will delight you in a joyful nostalgia. Closing Performance (5:00pm-5:45pm) Ballet Folklorico de Colores de Studio Danza Located in Whittier under the direction of Luisa Macias since 2007, the various performance teams have participated and been recognized at competitions all across the United States. Having expanded to include the Ballet Folklorico de Colores, Studio Danza has only served to offer youth, children, and adolescent dancers with opportunities to grow in this traditional Mexican dance form. The Ballet Folklorico de Colores has performed at events all across California at cultural and community events in Whittier, El Monte, Pico Rivera, Long Beach, and other communities. We look forward to delighting our event crowd with these and other offerings of art, culture, music, poesia, and entertainment. See you all on October 27th! Category: Dia de los Muertos Tags: altars > Arte > celebrations > Cultura > culture > danza azteca > Day of the Dead > DEMBA > dia de los muertos > Free events > Kimberly Cobian > La Puente Artwalk > Old Town La Puente > Poesia > poetas > Poetry > poets > San Gabriel Valley > studio danza > tradition  2012 Dia de Los Muertos Event Map Posted on | October 8, 2012 | No Comments As we count the days to our great Dia de Los Muertos event at the Valley Mall on October 27th, we at Nuvein are sharing our event lay out with you our friends, supporters, and general public. Event info can be found here. We will be handing out maps to the event the day of for new guests at the Nuvein Foundation Booth. Category: Dia de los Muertos Tags: altars > Arte > Arte Cabalturo > celebrations > Christopher Trevilla > Cultura > culture > danza azteca > Day of the Dead > DEMBA > dia de los muertos > Emerging Urban Poetry > EMSEM > Español > folklore > Free events > galeria > Mexico > music > Poesia > poetas > Poetry > poets > tradition  keep looking  Dia De Los Muertos 2013 Vendor Booth Application Click to Download Media Partners Categories 3LP Comic Book Festival Dia de los Muertos Enrique General La Puente Artwalk Scholarship Uncategorized Follow Us on Facebook Elements of SEO is Powered by WordPress | Accessible Website Development - Alibi Productions 