 Members Technology Car Care/Ownership Replacement Car Parts – OEM, Aftermarket, Rebuilt or Salvage When replacement car parts are needed what is the best value, new OEM, aftermarket, rebuilt or used salvaged auto parts? Posted by James Clausen | Last updated: Mar 25, 2013   1  The Best Auto Parts, OEM, Aftermarket or Rebuilt  Replacement Car Parts - New, Used or Rebuilt  Choosing the best option for replacement car parts largely depends on the value that’s received versus the price that is paid. Depending on the types of parts purchased, there can be a big difference in the reliability and costs between OEM, aftermarket, rebuilt and used auto parts. This article looks at the differences in terms of quality, reliability, warranty policies and cost of the various types of auto parts. New OEM Replacement Car Parts OEM stands for Original Equipment Manufacturer. These parts are manufactured to the specific specifications of the car manufacturer. Normally the car dealer sells OEM parts but they can also be purchased at some auto repair shops and auto parts chain stores. If the car owner prefers factory parts, they should request “OEM parts” at the time of purchase. There a few exceptions but OEM parts usually have the highest quality and reliability factor. Original equipment parts typical cost more compared to other types of parts. Because of the higher price, the cost of the OE parts should be measured against other types of parts for the best value. New Aftermarket Replacement Car Parts New aftermarket auto parts are usually manufactured without the approval of car manufacturers. This is not necessarily an indication that the quality or reliability of these parts is less than OEM parts. Generally aftermarket replacement car parts are less expensive than car factory parts. With OE parts, the car owner knows they’re getting the same parts that originally came on the vehicle. Aftermarket car parts can be more of a gamble. Rebuilt Replacement Car Parts Rebuilt or remanufactured auto parts can be a cheaper alternative when it comes to expensive major components. Complete assemblies like a remanufactured engine or remanufactured transmission can carry a better warranty then a new assembly. In some cases, rebuilt car parts may have a higher quality factors than new parts because of more thorough testing procedures. In most cases the old part must be exchanged for the rebuilt part or an extra charge will be incurred. Used Salvaged Replacement Car Parts Used salvaged parts or junkyard parts is another inexpensive alternative to new or rebuilt car parts. Used parts however are much more of a gamble on reliability than other types of car parts. Since the parts are used and have already accumulated wear, salvage parts usually won’t last as long as new or rebuilt parts. Depending on the component, there’s also the question of how well the previous car owner maintained their vehicle. Warranty Policy on Different Types of Car Parts Typically used car parts warranty time and mileage is less than other types of car parts. OEM, aftermarket and rebuilt parts warranty can vary depending on the supplier. Many believe that OE parts carry the best warranty but that’s not always the case. When looking for car replacement parts, the car owner should ask how long is the warranty good for? what are the mileage limits of the warranty? is labor covered to remove and replace the part? if the part fails, is towing charges covered? is the warranty nationwide or local only? When car replacement parts are needed, the car owner should look at the cost versus the value of each type of auto part. Often times an OEM part may be cheaper than an aftermarket part. Find out the difference in warranty of each type of car part and weight it against the cost. Doing a little research can save some money in the short run and possibly in the long run as well. Recommend this About the author  James Clausen Suite101 contributor Member since Jun 22, 2009 362 posts 141  Join the discussion View the discussion thread. what others are reading 84 Front End Suspension Parts and Components Vehicle Maintenance Posted by James Clausen 1 99 Automatic Transmission Flush Posted by James Clausen 2 177 Car and Truck US Federal Emissions Warranty Posted by James Clausen  0 How to Melt a Frozen Door Lock on a Car Posted by Mia Carter 2 195 Synthetic Oil vs. Conventional Motor Oil Posted by James Clausen  More on this topic Ten Tough to Diagnose Car Problems By Arlene McKanic  The Mini Cooper S Clubman is the Best for your Money By Angela Brown  How to Prepare Your Car for Winter By Ashley Anderson  What to Do If You Hit A Deer With Your Car By Ashley Anderson  Memorable Cars Sold in the UK in the 1980s By Andy Whitmill  About Terms Contact Suite101 is one of the web's largest independent publishers, home to more than 20,000 experts, writers, teachers and travelers since 1996. Made in Vancouver, Canada.   