  Turn on more accessible mode Skip to main content Turn off more accessible mode   Sign In Join   Home Places To See Things To Do Places To Stay Places To Eat Getting Here About MD Western  Capital  Central  Southern  Eastern Shore  Attractions  Activities  Western  Capital  Central  Southern  Eastern Shore   Accommodations Activities Events Destinations Attractions Dining Summer Events Maryland is packed with fun things to see and do! Check out these great events throughout the state... Read More... DESTINATION MARYLAND TRAVEL GUIDE AND PASSPORT DISCOUNT CARD Order or view now  Home  Events  Art and Craft Shows Art and Craft Shows  Region UPCOMING EVENTS: Bel Air Festival for the Arts September 15, 2013 350 artists, photographers, crafts people; continuous entertainment, food, rain or shine! Shamrock Park, Harford County More info...  Havre de Grace Plein Air Painting Competition September 11-15, 2013 Juried artists painting all over city. Exhibit until end of October. Gala September 18th. Havre de Grace, Harford County More info... 3rd Annual Chesapeake City Paint Out September 20-22, 2013 Paint the Town! Come out and paint the town en plein air! Paint for one day or all three. Just don’t miss the party on Sunday at the Town Hall Gallery. Wine Tasting  Wet Paint Exhibit from 1-4pm Sun. More info... Artsfest September 21-22, 2013 Juried fine art show and sale; visual and performing arts, demonstrations, food and spirits. Annmarie Garden Sculpture Park Solomons, Calvert County More info... Chevy Chase Festival of the Arts September 21-22, 2013 Visitors will have the opportunity to peruse among some America's greatest artists. Work on display will be Paintings, Jewelry, Sculpture, Photography and much more! Baltimore More info... Dorchester Showcase September 23, 2013 A community street festival held on historic High Street, highlights juried fine arts and crafts, live jazz, country, folk, gospel music and Eastern Shore cuisine. Cambridge, Dorchester County More info... Appalachian Festival  Mountain City Traditional Arts September 19-21, 2012 There will be regional music, traditional arts and crafts, Appalachian food, cultural programs and so much more. Frostburg State University Allegany County More info... Art at the Point September 28, 2013 Art at the Point is our 3rd annual open air arts festival in cozy Point of Rocks, MD; featuring bluegrass music, local arts and crafts, kids activities, food and more! Come spend a beautiful day at the foot of historic E.Francis Baldwin's Train Station 'out at 'The Point''. Point of Rocks Frederick County More info... Sugarloaf Crafts Festival October 4-6, 2013 Visitors can shop a stunning array of sculpture, glass, jewelry, fashion, wood, metal, furniture, home accessories, photography and fine art – all hand-crafted by American artists who have been jury selected for this prestigious show. Timonium Baltimore County More info... 16th Annual Chesapeake Wildfowl Expo October 12, 2013 Photography competitions, auctions, seminars, vendors offering fine arts, photography supplies. Salilsbury Wicomico County More info... Art @ The Park Oct. 19-20, 2013 22nd Arts and Music Festival held at Quiet Waters Park. There will be 60 artists, gourmet food, children's activities, music and demonstrations. Annapolis Anne Arundel County More info... Bethesda Row Arts Festival Oct. 19-20, 2013 The streets of Bethesda Row are transformed over the weekend into an outdoor gallery with fourteen media categories that are juried: ceramics, drawing/pastels, fiber, glass, graphics/printmaking, jewelry, metalwork, mixed media 2D, mixed media 3D, oil/acrylic painting, photography /digital art, sculpture, watercolor, and wood.featuring: oil/acrylic paintings, glass, metalwork, photography, jewelry, textile and wood. Montgomery County More info... Mountain Maryland Art Sale and Tour October 19-20; 26-27, 2013 Experience and enjoy the original artwork of participating artists on this self-guided driving tour of studio and gallery locations throughout Western Maryland. Allegany County More info ...   PAST EVENTS:   Mattawoman Creek Art Center Art Shows April 26- May 26, 2013 Monthly art exhibits featuring a wide variety of visual arts, illustrated talks, lectures, gift shop, studio rentals; non-profit volunteer organization. Beautiful waterfront scenic location. Marbury Charles County More info..   Valley of the Shadow Art Exhibit Through - July 28, 2013 This exhibit will present original works of art, artifacts, and archival materials, highlighting the story of Wash. County  the Battle of Antietam. Hagerstown More info...   Art in the Park June 1, 2013 Outdoor festival of visual and performing arts. More than 70 artists, kids' crafts and music. Westminster Carroll County More info... Frederick Festival of the Arts June 1-2, 2013 A nationally-juried fine arts and crafts festival featuring 115 artists from around the country. Carroll Creek Linear Park Frederick More info... Annapolis Arts  Crafts Festival June 8-9, 2013 Enjoy wine tastings from select Maryland wineries while shopping for fine arts and crafts. Under a new Wine and Gourmet Food Tent, festival-goers can sample local wines from eight Maryland wineries. This premier event showcases the prized works of over 200 artists employing a variety of medium. Navy-Marine Corps Stadium Anne Arundel County More info... Charles County ArtsFest June 8, 2013 The Charles County Arts Alliance is pleased to announce that our annual ArtsFest will be held this year on Saturday, June 8, 2013, from 10:00 am – 5:00 pm, at a brand-new location … the La Plata Town Hall! This is our annual countywide outdoor event to celebrate ALL the arts in Charles County: music, visual art, drama, dance and literature. It is the largest arts festival in Charles County. La Plata Town Hall Charles County More info... Barnstormer’s Tour and Paint Out June 8, 2013 A self-guided tour of nine historic barns in the Buckeystown-Adamstown region of Frederick County, MD. See farm animals, learn about early barn construction and watch plein air artists paint. After the tour, from 5-7 p.m. attend an art show and sale. Buckeystown Frederick County More info... 5th Annual Mountain Maryland Plein Air June 1-16, 2013 The 2013 Mountain Maryland Plein Air event will take place throughout Allegany  Garrett Counties in Western Maryland. Events include a “Quick Draw,” Reception  Awards Ceremony, Jazz Brunch. Artwork will be displayed at the Allegany Arts Council’s Saville Gallery in historic Downtown Cumberland. Western Maryland More info... Arts Alive June 15-16, 2013 Visit 100 artists as they sell their works, lunch at the Artists’ Café and enjoy live music while your children enjoy FREE art activities. Art’s Alive is the art show that has something for everyone. Art’s Alive is a juried, fine art show with work for sale in 12 categories including ceramics, drawing, fiber, furniture, glass, printmaking, photography, jewelry, mixed media, painting, sculpture and fine wood. Ocean City More info... Columbia Festival of the Arts June 14-29, 2013 A 16-day multidisciplinary outdoor/indoor summer arts festival comprised of both ticketed and free events. Howard County More info...      From To   DATE: 08/27/2013 ITEMS: 0  MARYLAND OFFICE OF TOURISM PRESS ROOM STUDENTS 511 TRAVEL INFO CONTACT US SITE MAP GROUPS GREEN TRAVEL MARYLAND.GOV MARTIN O'MALLEY, GOVERNOR ACCESSIBILITY PRIVACY  