 Quality Auto Repair at a Price Thats Fair Home About Our Staff NAPA Auto Care - Mesa Awards Tshirt Fan Club Community Service Services Oil Change, Fluids Tire Wear Patterns General Maintenance Brake Repair Mesa AZ Car Air Conditioning Timing Belt Service Batteries and Alternator Transmission Repair Radiator / Cooling System Power Steering System Driveline and Differential Fuel Injection / Induction Wheel Alignment Smog Check, Emissions Computer Diagnostics Tune Up / Fuel Economy Suspension Shocks and Struts Engine Repair Antifreeze Muffler Repair / Exhaust Belts and Hoses Troubleshooting Air Filter / Fuel Filter Starting System Electrical and Lights Tire Repair, Replacement Wheel Balancing Custom and Classic Cars Car Inspection Check Engine Light Trucks 4WD Repair Differential Repair Transfer Case Diesel Repair BulletProof Diesel Ford 6.0 Diesel Benefits Free Pickup and Delivery Nationwide Warranty Free Safety Inspection Extended Warranties Free Courtesy Check Free A/C Check Scheduled Maintenance Free Alignment Check Preventative Maintenance ASE Master Technician Video Answers Discounts Discount Coupons Monthly NAPA Promos Lees Specials Service Discout Card Group Discounts Reviews Online Reviews Write A Review Car Repair Process Choosing A Repair Shop Contact Map   The team at Accurate Automotive is here to serve you.  Proudly serving Arizona drivers since 1992.  We specialize in car lovers of all types, and the cars they love...  Enjoy family travel in safety and with confidence. We can help.  Car misbehaving? Don't let the stress complicate your life.  For our new customers, this is what our shop looks like as you drive up...  Saving our customers money, and giving back to support our community.  Lee & Kelli Weatherby, at the front desk to assist you.  Let us take care of your car. You take care of the fun stuff.   1 The team at Accurate Automotive is here to serve you. 2 Proudly serving Arizona drivers since 1992. 3 We specialize in car lovers of all types, and the cars they love... 4 Enjoy family travel in safety and with confidence. We can help. 5 Car misbehaving? Don't let the stress complicate your life. 6 For our new customers, this is what our shop looks like as you drive up... 7 Saving our customers money, and giving back to support our community. 8 Lee & Kelli Weatherby, at the front desk to assist you. 9 Let us take care of your car. You take care of the fun stuff.   Frontpage Slideshow (version 2.0.0) - Copyright  2006-2008 by JoomlaWorks  Click For More... Don't Trust Mechanics I’m a Mechanic, And I Don’t Trust Mechanics. But mechanics are not always to blame. More often, its the boss. Take if from someone who knows. If I meet a truly good mechanic, I usually end up offering him or her a job, or making a friend for life.  Good mechanics are hard to come by. They are unassuming and brutally honest. Thats the part I like. Be Straight Above All, We'll Be Straight With You.   Our 20+ year reputation is at stake with every move we make. We won't gamble with your safety, your friendship or the trust you have in us.  You will not be lied to.  If you need brakes, you'll get exactly what you need. Not a lowball quote with a bad surprise in the end.  You can expect straight talk, the right price, and expect us to stand behind our work. Dead Without Your Car You're Dead Without Your Car.   Fun. Work. Money.  Its all comes to a screeching halt without your car. Your car is tool, and it can be lots of fun - or it can be a real nightmare. It needs to be reliable.  Thats what we do.  If you're not bringing in your car for prescribed maintenance every 3000 miles, you could be vulnerable. Come see us. Safety First. Safety First. Period.   When we check out your car, we will make things very plain. Safety is First. If we find anything that is threatening to the safety of you, your passengers or others on the road, we will tell you and urge you to have it repaired immediately. All auto repairs are to be taken seriouosly, some are optional, and you can count on us to help you keep everything in the proper perspective. Worth Fixing? Is My Car Worth Fixing?   With cars that are over 10 years old, future repair costs could exceed the value of your car.  This can be a precarious situation, because purchasing a 'newer' used car is not without risk.  You might be trading one set of expensive problems for a different set of expensive problems.  We can perform a complete diagnostic on any car that you are considering to buy or sell. Friend or Enemy Your Car. Best Friend, or Worst Enemy?   We want it to be your best friend.  But that takes some time, attention and good advice.  Change your oil, check your other fluids, watch your brakes, listen for any new or unual noises or behavior, and come in for regular maintenance.  We will keep you on track, and do our best to preserve a beautiful relationship.  We love cars too. Gotta Lead Foot? Do You Have a Light Foot or a Lead Foot?   Sorry, but save the lead foot for the racetrack. We work hard every day to keep our friends and loyal cutomers safe on the road. Don't let a moment of impatience, or frustration or excitement ruin a lifetime - yours or anyone else's. Besides, you will keep repair costs down, fuel costs down, and sleep better at night.  And we will too.   Latest Updates Service Discount Card Tire Sales, Tire Wear Patterns, Mesa AZ Wheel Alignment Fuel Injection and Air Induction Radiator / Cooling System Flush Timing Belt Repair Mesa AZ Brake Repair Mesa AZ Oil Change, Mesa AZ Power Steering Repair Tune Up, Mesa AZ 10% Off Labor - For First Time Customers, Up To $200 ASE Master Technician Make Your Car Dependable for Holiday Travel. Save Money On Your Brakes Now !!! Choosing A Repair Shop Batteries and Alternator Car Air Conditioning Recharge Check Engine Light Tire Repair, Replacement Starting System Auto Repair Mesa AZ - Accurate Automotive Accurate Automotive named Top Shop in the Nation Accurate Automotive was honored to be named the #1 Top Shop in the nation by ATI at the annual SuperConference held in Scottsdale AZ, March 13-17th 2013. "This is truly an honor, one that marks one of the great achievements of my career," said Lee. "I give credit to my whole team and to my lovely wife Kelli, without whom none of this would have been possible." The award was presented in the final hours of a five day mega event that is held annually in a different resort location each year. (Read More...)  Quality Auto Repair - We Stand Behind Our Work. Our excellent team of highly trained, certified and professional technicians work hard to get you back on the road as soon as possible. We are ASE certified and updated on a constant basis to provide you with the highest quality of service. We are a modern repair facility. We use the latest computer hardware and software to diagnose your vehicle. We work on all makes and models and can handle all of your car care needs. Our experienced technicians make a conscientious effort to keep a watchful eye for existing problems and ones that might affect your automobile in the future. As a NAPA AutoCare Center, we follow a strict Code of Ethics so customers will know up front what to expect. As part of this code, we pledge: ﻿ Get the Flash Player to see this player. time2online Joomla Extensions: Simple Video Flash Player Module To perform high quality diagnostic and repair service at a fair price using quality NAPA parts To employ ASE certified technicians To be dedicated to customer satisfaction To exercise reasonable care for the customers property while in our possession To obtain prior authorization and provide a price estimate for work performed To provide fair settlement of customer complaints should they occur To maintain the highest standards of our profession To uphold the integrity of all members of the NAPA AutoCare Program Lee Weatherby on Bumper to Bumper Radio Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here . You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser. Lee Weatherby gets a huge endorsement from the crew at Bumper to Bumper Radio.  The topic of discussion is "should I repair, or buy a different car." Also Lee takes calls on KTAR to help listeners resolve their car issues.  Press the play button above.  Quality, Honest Auto Repair - At a Price Thats Fair GUARANTEED! Now in Our 20th Year of Quality Automotive Service. At Accurate Automotive, we have been providing our customers with honest value in auto service. We accomplish this by consistent training and using the latest diagnostic equipment. ALL of our automotive analysts are ASE certified, and led by Lee Weatherby, an ASE Certified MASTER technician . We promise never to sell anything you don’t need or charge for anything you did not get. Our reputation and long history speak for themselves. We are confident that we can fulfill all of your automotive needs. Our range of services covers all types of auto repair and maintenance and we always offer our clients prompt, professional and friendly service. Accurate Automotive’s mission is “To serve our customers by applying our extensive knowledge and experience in all phases of the automotive industry while achieving and maintaining complete customer satisfaction.” Our experience and dedication will bring to you, too, a Tradition of Excellence  Customer Satisfaction. Contact us with any questions you may have.    Like Us on Facebook Discounts / Specials Videos Photos More Photos! Win a $25 GiftCard Read Our Reviews Register / Login Survey Questions Auto Care Tips Car Repair Process Changing a Flat Need a Battery Recharge? Learn How. Choosing A Repair Shop Need to Repair a Honda? Car Emergency Preparedness Tips and Advice - FAQ Repair Nissan in Mesa Learn to Fix Cruise Control  Shop Photos...  Affiliations: Contact Information Accurate Automotive 441 S. Robson Mesa, AZ 85210 480-890-0409 We are located in Mesa on South Robson Rd, just south of Broadway between Country Club and Center St. Send us an E-mail   Interactive Map to Our Facility We Accept: Privacy Statement Terms of Use SiteMap web developer: AutoCareWebsites.com Back to Top  