 Already a member? Login  72977 - V ehicles placed so far  1937 - Vehicles  currently available Home Dealers Values Search All Vehicles Available How It Works FAQ Testimonials More About Us Why Choose Us? News Contact Recommend Us To A Friend Username Password Sign in Forgotyourpassword?  How Can I Sell My Car and Find Out Who Will Pay Me The Most Money?? ...Using The Same Method The Trade Use You Could Gain £££'s Thinking how can I sell my car but for the highest possible cash offer?" - Well one simple online form is all it takes to receive MULTIPLE OFFERS from our network of professional car dealers across the UK, a method motor dealers have been using since 1999 to get the best price for their unwanted part exchange stock. - A method now available to the public to say - Rather like an insurance comparison website with dealerbid your car's details are immediately broadcast to our trade network of nearly 1,000 car dealers and cash for cars websites, meaning you'll soon start receiving genuine No Obligation offers from polite professionals. - This Database is Unique to Dealerbid.co.uk. How You can Gain More Money For Your Car Sell Direct and gain 's more : Offering your car for sale nationwide to a huge network of dealers cuts out the "car buying websites" that act as a middleman... buying your car and then quickly selling on to an actual car dealer for a quick profit Offering your car direct to dealers and car buying companies right across the UK ensures you obtain the optimal cash price for your car and don't get ripped off. Comparing this competitive market is vital to getting the best price for your car and dealerbid has gained our sellers 's It's the same system motor dealers have been using since 1999 , now open to you to get the HIGHEST cash price for your car - TODAY! To Compare Cash Offers From Multiple* Dealers Across The UK  Enter your vehicle registration number in this yellow box: **(Under 8yrs / 100k miles unless sports or prestige) Dealerbid Is Better For You Because We buy any car ** Compare offers from hundreds of different dealers/car buying websites Not Just One Buyer But Lots.... Including: Main Dealers, Specialist Dealers, Traders Cash For Car Companies and Car Supermarkets They can deal with outstanding finance They're willing to travel and collect Get a better deal on your next car with no p/x Only Enter Your Details Once Your listing live for six weeks and only 10 to respond to all offers with no admin fees or commissions. The same method the motor trade uses  Latest Vehicles Offered Explain More About The Benefits+  Vauxhall zafira Land Rover freelander Seat leon Mini mini Toyota avensis Mercedes c180 Jaguar x-type BMW 630i View All Vehicles Dealerbid is the UK's largest cash for cars comparison website. It's the perfect solution to anybody wanting to sell their car quickly and easily without the hassle of selling privately and without having to accept a low offer from the usual car buying websites . The differences : Traditional Car Buying Websites Selling via a traditional car buying site can be hard work because.. They make automated offers that aren't accurate They will be selling the car on for a profit or taking a commission so you wont be getting the best price Most will ask you to travel to them They have a lot of bad press for reducing the "automated offer" by hundreds and in some cases thousands of pounds You have to enter your details lots of times to get just a handful of offers Many have admin fees Dealerbid.co.uk Compare cash offers across the UK. - All offers are genuine and accurate, made by actual motor dealers or cash for cars companies manually - None are automated Most of our registered buyers will collect your vehicle from home or work Cut our the middleman - Registered motor dealers will be buying your car to retail on their forecourt, not to trade on or auction for a quick profit! - The quick profit the car buying websites make from selling your car is now back in your pocket. You simply enter your details once and your vehicle is broadcast to hundreds or motor dealers and car buying companies across the UK who will email or call you direct with their individual cash offers No admin Fees and We take No Commissions from our dealers. Just £10 to list your vehicle We Buy Any Car With so many different types of dealers including Main dealers, specialists, car supermarkets and car buying companies we are able to buy any car at any age or mileage. ...and because you're vehicle has been broadcast to lots of different buyers you can be sure your are obtaining the best possible cash price. Get real and accurate cash offers for your car right now, from car dealers across the country! Simply enter your vehicle's registration number in the box above, describe your car on the form that follows and wait for your cash offers. The fastest, easiest way to find the best car buyer - without the middle man! Used Cars by Make Alfa romeo Audi Chevrolet Infiniti Mclaren Peugeot Porsche Proton Renault Rolls royce Rover Saab Skoda Smart Ssangyong Subaru Suzuki Toyota Tvr Vauxhall Volkswagen Westfield  Testimonials Hi, thanks for an excellent service. I put my Fiesta on your site Tuesday evening I had sold it by 1..... Annie Becker I would like to congratulate you on the fantastic service I have received not only from your website..... Chris Rayner Very impressed with your site, I sold my beloved Quattroporte to Keith at Redline cars who was a com..... Scott Hayley Excellent website. Thank you very much for your help Niki with regard to the activation problem and ..... Tom Wilson Wasn't too sure what to expect from the site as I had an older car to sell but I got quite a bit of ..... Andrew Medcalf Very happy with dealerbid.co.uk got me much more money than I could find elsewhere online and was ov..... Anothony Rayner I cannot recommend your site highly enough. I have used it twice now, sold two expensive cars and ga..... I.Plumb More Motor Dealers Click here to register  BUYING CARS DIRECT FROM THE PUBLIC SINCE 2008... WITH OVER 69,000 VEHICLES PLACED SO FAR Navigation Car Valuation Buy My Car Site Map Terms and Conditions Privacy & Cookie Policy Latest Car News The new 2014 Chevrolet Camaro..... 2013-08-27 11:43:31 Introducing the new 2014 Audi A8..... 2013-08-23 16:05:10 2014 Range Rover Evoque with new Technology..... 2013-08-21 14:47:53 Is the safest car in the world the Telsa Model S ..... 2013-08-20 13:45:00 The New Mercedes S63 AMG ready for the UK..... 2013-08-20 12:21:24 The new Fiat 500 GQ has been announced..... 2013-08-16 16:12:52 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus  dealerbid.co.uk 2008 - 2013 