 Login | Register  Menu Home Dealers DIY Forums Gallery Knowledgebase Models News Marketplace f 2014 Q50 2014 Q50 Hybrid 2014 QX60 Hybrid All Models 2013 EX 2013 FX 2013 G37 Convertible 2013 G37 Coupe 2013 G37 Sedan 2013 IPL G Coupe 2013 ILP G Convertible 2013 JX 2013 M 2013 M35 Hybrid 2013 QX56 Concept Models MyInfiniti Do-It-Yourself Maintenance Owners Manuals Recalls/Campaigns Service Bulletins Service Manuals Tech Challenge Game Infiniti OBDII Codes Glossary  Acronyms Cost Estimator More... Member's Ride Photos Stock Photo Gallery Classifieds - For Sale Classifieds - Wanted To Buy Classifieds - Mechanic Wanted Classifieds - Auto Services Search Auto Parts Ultimate Reflector Auto Sun Shades Custom Fit Car Covers Auto Snow Shades Berber Auto Mats Coco Auto Mats Designer Auto Mats Diamond Plate Auto Mats Fashion Auto Mats Flexomats Auto Mats Hexomats Auto Mats  2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2008 INFINITI G37 COUPE Overview Photos Price Specs Reviews Bulletins Recalls  User Reviews: All-New Infiniti G37 Coupe Debuts At New York Auto Show, Sets New Standards For Style, Performance and Luxury Highlights Include New 330 Horsepower* V6, Seductive Styling and Luxury Appointments The all-new 2008 Infiniti G37 Coupe, which makes its world debut at the 2007 New York International Auto Show, combines the exhilarating performance, stunning styling and modern, sporty interior of the original Infiniti G Coupe and accelerates each to new levels. Among the key enhancements to the new second-generation G Coupe are a larger, more powerful 3.7-liter V6 engine, available advanced 4-Wheel Active Steer system, a dramatic new exterior design and a refined interior with intuitive, integrated technology. The G37 Coupe joins the recently introduced, all-new 2007 Infiniti G35 Sedan in Infiniti showrooms nationwide in August. "The new G35 Sedan, which has been named to both Car and Driver's "10 Best Cars" and Automobile magazine's "All-Stars" list, has set the stage for the introduction of the new G37 Coupe," said Mark Igo, vice president and general manager, Infiniti Division. "The new Coupe builds on the styling, performance and interior enhancements of the G Sedan, adding the dynamic style, sporty atmosphere and expressive driving character expected of a class-leading luxury sport coupe. The line starts here." Exhilarating Performance From a New Engine Design Leading the enhancements to the 2008 Infiniti G37 Coupe is the first-ever application of the new 3.7-liter V6 engine with VVEL (for Variable Valve Event and Lift). Estimated at 330 horsepower and 270 lb-ft of torque, the new "VQ37VHR" contains approximately 35 percent new and unique parts from the new VQ35HR engine introduced in the 2007 G35 Sedan just last year. Both the Coupe's VQ37VHR and the Sedan's VQ35HR engines are based on the award-winning VQ engine series, named one of the "Ten Best Engines" by Ward's Auto World magazine for 13 consecutive years. Along with utilizing a larger displacement than the previous 3.5-liter powerplant, the G37 Coupe's new VVEL system combines hydraulic-controlled variable valve timing and electronically controlled variable valve lift on the intake side to help improve performance and response. The VVEL system is also expected to improve emissions and fuel efficiency. The VVEL intake camshafts, featuring continuously variable lift control teamed with the Continuously Variable Valve Timing Control System (CVTCS), allow for a 7,500 rpm redline. The engine also features increased cylinder block height (from the previous 3.5-liter design), ladder frame construction for greater rigidity, large crank journal and pin diameters, asymmetric piston skirts, twin knock sensors, an electronically controlled "drive-by-wire" throttle system, molybdenum coated lightweight pistons, Iridium spark plugs and a symmetric twin air intake system. A new, specially tuned dual exhaust system has been designed with equal length exhaust manifolds and low muffler exhaust backpressure to help improve engine breathing. Both intake and exhaust enhance driving pleasure with their authentic performance notes. Rated at an estimated 330 horsepower, the new engine is not only considerably more powerful than the previous generation G Coupe (rated at 275 hp with 5AT, 293 hp with 6MT), but is expected to offer increased fuel mileage and reduced emissions levels. Overall vehicle fuel economy improvements are estimated to be nearly one mpg better than the G35 Sedan and nearly two mpg better than the previous generation G35 Coupe (actual EPA mileage estimates and emission information to be announced at a later date). "The new 3.7-liter V6 is a true powerhouse becoming more enjoyable as you drive it" said Igo. "And, this powerplant also features Infiniti's trademark "Swell" acceleration introduced on the new G Sedan last year with special tuning that builds horsepower almost continually to the redline like a building wave." The G37 Coupe engine is backed by a choice of an upgraded electronically controlled 5-speed automatic transmission with manual mode, downshift rev matching, DS mode and ASC (Adaptive Shift Control) that allows for quicker shifts in sporty driving situations and available genuine magnesium paddle shifters; or a newly revised, lightweight 6-speed manual transmission. Performance Platform and Suspension Developed at test circuits throughout Europe including the famed Nburgring the G37 Coupe was conceived as a performance thoroughbred. Handling and ride performance increases come from the G37 Coupe's enhanced FM (Front Mid-ship) platform, which has been stiffened 36% from the previous generation, is lower in overall height and has a wider front and rear track width. The G37 Coupe's 4-wheel independent suspension design features lightweight aluminum components and large front and rear stabilizer bars, increased spring rates and optimized suspension damping. The front suspension is a double-wishbone design, with a single pivot lower wishbone and a long upper link. The multi-link rear suspension separates the shock absorbers and springs, locating the shock absorber inline with the wheel center. These designs help minimize alignment changes and reduce suspension friction for nimble handling and smooth riding characteristics. Steering is provided by a twin-orifice vehicle-speed-sensing design, which provides optimum steering effort at both high and low vehicle speeds. Standard on all G37 Coupes is Vehicle Dynamic Control (VDC), which assists in enhancing vehicle stability under a variety of driving conditions. Also available on the new G37 Coupe is Infiniti's exclusive 4-Wheel Active Steer system (4WAS). With unique chassis configuration that features automatically variable front steering ratios and rear suspension geometry that adjusts to steering input and vehicle speed via motor-driven controls. The system's electronic control unit calculates the desired vehicle dynamics from a series of sensors, including vehicle speed and steering angle, and separately directs both the front and rear actuators to change steering gear ratios and rear geometry by moving both the front steering gear and rear suspension lower links thus providing sports car-like agility and secure stability. Braking performance is provided by standard 4-wheel vented discs with 4-channel, 4-sensor Anti-lock Braking System (ABS), Electronic Brake force Distribution (EBD) and Brake Assist (BA). The standard G37 Coupe adopts the "sport" braking system of the recently introduced G35 Sedan. The G37 Coupe Journey with Sport Package and G37 Coupe Sport 6MT are further enhanced with aluminum four-piston calipers (front)/two-piston calipers (rear) embossed with Infiniti lettering and large ventilated rotors 14.0-inch front and 13.8-inch rear. Also available on G37 Coupe is Infiniti's Intelligent Cruise Control (ICC) with Preview Braking, which provides a precise following distance from the vehicle ahead. It also identifies sudden braking situations with laser sensors to determine distance and relative speed of the vehicle ahead in the same lane and "pre-pressurizes" the Brake Assist system before the driver steps on the brake pedal. A new 18-inch wheel and tire package is standard on G37 Coupe, featuring a "split 5-spoke" 18x8-inch aluminum-alloy wheel design with P225/50VR18 all-season tires. A new 10-spoke 19-inch wheel and tire package, with lightweight cast aluminum wheels and high performance tires, is also available. A Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS) is standard on all 2008 G37 Coupes. To enhance the already high level of dynamic performance, the G37 Coupe 6MT and G37 Coupe Journey with Sport Package come standard with unique sport suspension, a Viscous Limited Slip Differential (VLSD) and a new wheel and tire package with 19x8.5-inch front wheels with 225/45WR19 front tires and 19x9-inch rear wheels with 245/40WR19 rear tires. Seductive Styling The G37 Coupe's advanced performance systems are wrapped in an all-new seductive skin, giving the vehicle a kinetic feeling with emotional surface expression, sweeping character lines and tight panel gap lines. "Compared with its predecessor, the G37 Coupe is longer, lower and wider indicative of the power and technology of the vehicle," said Igo. Exterior highlights include flowing front fender curves, a wave-style hood, expressive front fascia with Infiniti's signature double-arch grille and L-shaped High-Intensity Discharge (HID) bi-xenon headlights with integrated fog lamps. As with the new G35 Sedan, Infiniti developed a specialized production process for headlight installation to impart tight build tolerances and an exacting fit of the complex front fascia. The aluminum hood is secured by dual latches located at the two front corners to ensure an excellent fit. The b side character line and side sills integrate with the large wheel wells and the 18- or 19-inch performance-oriented wheel and tire packages to transmit an added sense of power and vibrancy. The rear of the G Coupe features broad rear fenders, flowing into the large LED taillights an Infiniti trademark, refined rear bumper, integrated RearView Monitor camera (when equipped), rear underbody air diffusers and large dual exhaust outlets with chrome finishers. An available rear spoiler gives the G37 Coupe zero rear lift, matching the standard zero-lift front aerodynamics. The G37 Coupe Sport 6MT models and G37 Journey with Sport Package add an enhanced performance look, with a unique front fascia, special side sills and standard 19-inch aluminum-alloy wheels with high performance tires. Eight exterior colors, including two all-new colors, are offered. Sophisticated, Luxurious Interior The 2008 G37 Coupe interior design features sophisticated craftsmanship, with a cockpit-oriented front driver and passenger area, Infiniti signature 'double wave' instrument panel design featuring the Infiniti-signature analog clock and dramatic, full-length center console with a leather and aluminum-clad shifter. Special aluminum-alloy interior trim, inspired by elegant, handmade Japanese Washi paper, is located across the instrument panel, on the center console and on the door panels. Genuine African Rosewood trim is also available. The instrument panel features Infiniti electroluminescent instrumentation with white-and-violet illumination and integrated multi-function information drive computer (average fuel consumption, real-time fuel economy, average speed, elapsed time, running distance, distance to empty, outside air temperature, warning displays, odometer and automatic transmission shift indicator) display. Drivers grip a double hand-stitched leather-covered steering wheel, designed for maximum comfort and usability with wheel-mounted audio and cruise controls. Available genuine magnesium paddle shifters for the 5-speed automatic transmission fall readily to hand and add control (G37 Coupe Journey with Sport Package only). The 8-way power driver and 4-way front passenger seats (8-way on G37 Coupe Journey, G37 Coupe Journey with Sport Package and G37 Coupe Sport 6MT model) are appointed with Infiniti's exclusive premium leather and feature 2-way adjustable head restraints and a unique rear-seat access system, whereby the front seats will move forward automatically at the touch of a button to allow passengers into the rear seat. The G37 Coupe Journey with Sport Package and G37 Coupe Sport 6MT add special 14-way sport-styled seats with thigh extensions and power adjustable torso and thigh bolsters for the driver, unique steering wheel stitching and high-grip aluminum pedals. Technological and convenience features abound in the new G37 Coupe. Standard is the Infiniti Intelligent Key with push button ignition, Remote Keyless Entry system, a tilt/telescoping steering column with increased travel, illuminated glove compartment and automatic temperature control. Also standard is a 6-speaker AM/FM/CD audio system with MP3 playback capability, Radio Data System (RDS) and center console-mounted auxiliary input, as well as a 7-inch color display. Available is an 11-speaker Infiniti "Studio on Wheels" by Bose, combining a 3-way front door speaker array using 10-inch woofers with an audiophile-quality head unit incorporating double oversampling 24-bit 96KHz Burr Brown Digital Analogue Converters (DAC). Also available is a Bluetooth hands-free phone system, new touch screen Infiniti Navigation System with available XM NavTraffic real-time traffic information (subscription required), voice activation for navigation, audio and HVAC functions, and a 9.3-gigabyte Music Box hard drive with compact flash drive slot. Three interior color combinations are offered Wheat, Graphite and Stone. Safety Performance and Technology Available on the new G37 Coupe is an Adaptive Front lighting System (AFS), which automatically controls the headlight lighting pattern according to steering angle and vehicle speed to help provide better visibility at night. Standard on all G37 Coupes is an Advanced Air Bag System (AABS) with dual-stage supplemental air bags with seat belt sensors and occupant classification sensor, front-seat side-impact supplemental air bags and roof-mounted side-impact curtain air bags for front- and rear-seat occupant head protection. Also standard are 3-point ALR/ELR seat belts (driver's side ELR only) and front seat belts with pretensioners and load limiters and adjustable upper anchors, driver and front-passenger knee bolsters, front seat Active Head Restraints and the LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) system. Available as part of the Technology Package are brake-operated pre-crash seat belts with motion sensor on the brake pedal. The G37 Coupe features Zone Body Construction with front and rear crushable zones to help disperse crash energy around the passenger compartment. For occupant safety, the engine is designed to move under the occupant compartment in a high-speed frontal collision, while a breakaway construction of the propeller shaft (connected with the engine-drop function) and the double-wall construction of the bulkhead helps to minimize cabin deformation, especially in the lower leg area. In addition, the brake pedal is designed to collapse to help reduce lower leg injuries in a severe crash. Three Well-Equipped Models The 2008 Infiniti G37 Coupe is available in three models: G37 Coupe, G37 Coupe Journey and G37 Coupe Sport 6MT. In addition to the long list of standard features on all three models, several options and packages are available. These include the Premium Package, with a power sliding glass moonroof, 11-speaker Infiniti "Studio on Wheels" by Bose audio system with iPod connection, memory system (drivers seat, steering wheel and outside mirrors) with synchronization, power tilt and telescoping steering wheel, anti-glare rearview mirror with compass and HomeLink Universal Transceiver, Bluetooth hands-free phone system, and heated front seats and door mirrors. Also offered is the Sport Package (available on G37 Journey model and standard on G37 Coupe Sport 6MT), which includes 19-inch wheels and tires, Viscous Limited-Slip Differential (VLSD), sport-tuned suspension, sport brakes, unique front fascia and side sills, sport-styled seats and steering wheel stitching, aluminum pedals and paddle shifters (G37 Coupe Journey only). The Infiniti Navigation Package adds an advanced navigation system with touch-screen capability, available XM NavTraffic real-time traffic information (subscription required), voice activation for navigation, audio and HVAC functions and a 9.3-gigabyte Music Box hard drive with compact flash drive slot, and RearView Monitor. The Technology Package includes Infiniti Intelligent Cruise Control (ICC) with Preview Braking, Adaptive Front lighting System (AFS) and, available for the first time on G Coupe, a "Pre-Crash Seatbelt" system. Also available is the Infiniti 4-Wheel Active Steer system; Performance Wheel and Tire Package with 19-inch high performance tires featuring lightweight cast aluminum-alloy wheels; Moonroof; Rear Spoiler; and African Rosewood interior trim. "When the original G Coupe was introduced, it proved to the world that exhilarating sport coupe performance doesn't have to come in a machine-like box," said Igo. "This new G37 Coupe, which we're proudly showing for the first time anywhere in New York, is pure G and pure Infiniti and ready to take center position on the world automotive stage." Infiniti Releases Sketch of 2008 G Coupe NASHVILLE (Jan. 10, 2007) Infiniti today released the sketch which previews the look of the all-new 2008 Infiniti G Coupe. Along with a new luxury crossover concept, the next-generation G Coupe will be unveiled at the 2007 New York International Auto Show in April. This announcement follows a record setting sales trend led by the recent launch of the all-new Infiniti G Sedan, which sold 6,544 units in December, marking its best month ever at a 65.5 percent increase over the prior year. Overall sales of Infiniti vehicles were up 5.9 percent in December, marking the best December ever for the luxury brand. Since the Infiniti Coupe Concept was unveiled last year, there?s been a lot of speculation about the new G Coupe and what it will look like,? said Mark Igo, vice president and general manager of Infiniti. We're looking forward to the introduction of the G Coupe and the luxury crossover concept at this year's New York International Auto Show. It's still a few months away, but trust me, it's worth the wait. The new luxury crossover concept is a preview of a new entry to Infiniti's product line that will be available at Infiniti retailers by the end of 2007, fulfilling the commitment of three all-new Infiniti vehicles in 13 months beginning with the introduction of the all-new G Sedan last fall. Related: G35 Coupe Concept  Things You Can Do Find out what a repair should cost Find Do-It-Yourself Projects Get the maintenance schedule Get the owners manuals Find the latest recalls/campaigns Find the latest service bulletins Get the service manuals Read/Write Infiniti dealers reviews Read/Write Infiniti models reviews Post comments or questions in our forums Infinitihelp.com Site Map Also on Infinitihelp.com 2014 Q50 2014 QX60 Hybrid All Infiniti Models 2013 EX 2013 FX 2013 G37 Convertible 2013 G37 Coupe 2013 G37 Sedan 2013 IPL G Coupe 2013 ILP G Convertible 2013 JX 2013 M 2013 M35 Hybrid 2013 QX56 Infiniti Concept Models Infinitihelp.com Marketplace Classifieds - For Sale Classifieds - Wanted To Buy Classifieds - Mechanic Wanted Classifieds - Auto Services Search Auto Parts Ultimate Reflector Auto Sun Shades Custom Fit Car Covers Auto Snow Shades Berber Auto Mats Coco Auto Mats Designer Auto Mats Diamond Plate Auto Mats Fashion Auto Mats Flexomats Auto Mats Hexomats Auto Mats 