 Local California U.S. & World Sports Health Tech Weird Weather Blogs Press Here The Cove Entertainment News The Scene Events Blogs The City Worth The Trip Forecast Maps & Radar Severe Weather Alerts Weather Stories Contests About Us Community TV Listings  Newsletters | Send Pics | Tips Login Profile Name Sign Out  home news Video Weather Investigations Sports Entertainment Traffic Contests Contact Us Entertainment News The Scene Events BLOGS: The City Worth The Trip Entertainment Top Stories Lady Gaga Talks New Album Lady Gaga reveals her inspiration for the highly anticipated album, ARTPOP. Michelle Obama Style Guide The first lady proves she's first in fashion. 80s-Themed Regeneration Tour Visits... With celebrity deejays collecting million-dollar Vegas paydays to spit remixed cuts, wouldn’t you rather see some electronic dance music pioneers actually perform live? Bass Says No 'NSync Reunion, Dishes on Cyrus Former boy-band member Lance Bass says reunion tour not part of the conversation right now. Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez Love triangles, controversial politics and friendships-gone-bad. These temperamental celebs and figures have their spats in the spotlight. Video Lady Gaga Talks New Album Photos Michelle Obama Style Guide 80s-Themed Regeneration Tour Visits Mountain Winery Bass Says No 'NSync Reunion, Dishes on Cyrus Photos Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez more stories  Entertainment News Top Stories The Scene The City  Video President Reagan's Son Slams "The Butler" Late Commander-in-Chief's conservative son pushes back hard against insinuations he claims the film makes that Reagan was racist.  James Franco Roast: The Best Jokes Seth Rogen, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg and Sarah Silverman riff on Franco's infamous Oscar hosting, his poetry and more.  Timberlake, 'NSync, Macklemore Dominate VMAs Justin Timberlake reunited with 'NSync, Macklemore delivered a message of equality, and Lady Gaga morphed at MTV's annual free-for-all.  Video Serena Williams on Hosting the Taste of Tennis and Her Secret Waffle Recipe Serena Williams calls herself a "baby chef" as she loves to make tacos and waffles. She hosted the Taste of Tennis event alongside world renowned chefs.   NBC Fall Primetime Preview From The Million Second Quiz to Ironside, check out the fall lineup on NBC.  WATCH: Robin Thicke's New Video "Give It 2 U" Watch the singer's latest release and tell us what you think!  Kate Gosselin Sues Ex Over Book, Alleges Hacking Jon  Kate Plus 8 star filed a lawsuit accusing her ex-husband Jon of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer.  Video Jennifer Hudson's New Movies, New Album Jennifer Hudson chats with Coco Jones on the red carpet at the MTV VMAs. She stars in the upcoming "The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete" as well as "Winnie Mandela."  Rapper Fat Joe Reports to Prison for Tax Evasion Rap star Fat Joe has reported to federal prison in Florida to serve a four-month sentence for tax evasion.  Prev 1 2 3 4 5 + Next EVENTS Jason Mraz Goodie Mob Backstreet Boys with Jesse McCartney and DJ Pauly D The Wiggles More Events  Photos & Videos People of Burning Man 2013 Epic Fail: Watch Skateboarder Faceplant, Damage Gate Michelle Obama Style Guide Playa Preps Underway for Burning Man 2013 Serena Williams on Hosting the Taste of Tennis and Her Secret Waffle Recipe Lady Gaga Talks New Album Photographing MLK's Dream Speech The March 50 Years Later Panda Cub Gets First Check-Up 'NSync, Justin Timberlake Rule at 2013 MTV VMAs Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez Doctors Urge Obese Patients to Maintain, Not Gain Weight Get Entertainment Movies, music, and TV updates via email. Privacy Policy | More Newsletters  news Danville Car Accident Kills Senior Before 1st Day of School 4,000 Fighting Rim Fire Near Yosemite, Now 20% Contained U.S. Could Launch Strikes Against Syria Thursday Hearings Begin in America's Cup Scandal Mom Suffocates, Dumps Baby at Bar: DA Store Camera Catches NJ Men in Act of Honesty Video Firefighters Hope to Gain Ground on Rim Fire Near Yosemite, Now 20% Contained Local Reservoirs Prepare as Wildfire Threatens Hetch Hetchy Danville Teen Dies in Car Crash the Night Before School Starts DEA Extortion Scam Hits Bay Area Hundreds Hold Memorial for Berkeley Tuolumne Camp Lost in Rim Fire Reality Check: San Jose Considering Ban on Styrofoam US & World U.S. Could Launch Strikes Against Syria Thursday Sarah Murnaghan's Mom Talks Homecoming Hasan Rests, Says Nothing in Fort Hood Sentencing Mom Suffocates, Dumps Baby at Bar: DA 4,000 Fighting Rim Fire Near Yosemite, Now 20% Contained Maine Hermit in Court After Decades Alone in Woods News Local California U.S. & World Sports Health Tech Weird Weather Press Here The Cove Weather Forecast Maps & Radar Severe Weather Alerts Weather Stories Entertainment Entertainment News The Scene Events The City Worth The Trip Contact Us About Us Community TV Listings Traffic  Send Feedback | Terms Of Service | Privacy Policy  2013 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Portions by Broadcast Interactive Media. FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports KNTV Public Inspection File 21st Century Solutions AdChoices  SiteCatalyst code version: H.2.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com 