 Skip to main content Visitor Local Regional You are on the visitor edition of SanDiego.com. If you would like to view the local edition click the “local” tab above. Would you like to make this your default choice when visiting this site? Yes, I am a visitor to San Diego No, I am a local San Diegan Submit Visitor Site: A comprehensive visitors guide to everything in San Diego. Find activities, purchase discount park passes, book a hotel reservation online and more. Local Site: San Diego’s premier online source for locals to find out what’s happening in and around their neighborhood. Close Search form Search San Diego Email Email Follow @mysandiego  Forecast  Traffic  Home Best of San Diego Things To Do Theme Parks Attractions Hotels Music  Nightlife Entertainment Beauty  Shopping Restaurants Visitor Info About San Diego Hotel Guides Visit Oceanside Important Contact Information LGBT Community Guide Pet-Friendly San Diego Relocation Guide San Diego Area Airports Transportation San Diego Weather Visit National City Index  Category (-) Remove Arts and Theatre filter Arts and Theatre Region Downtown San Diego (5) Apply Downtown San Diego filter Coastal (2) Apply Coastal filter Neighborhood Balboa Park (1) Apply Balboa Park filter Cortez Hill (1) Apply Cortez Hill filter Gaslamp (3) Apply Gaslamp filter Solana Beach (2) Apply Solana Beach filter Various Locations (1) Apply Various Locations filter Features Entertainment (2) Apply Entertainment filter Price $$ (2) Apply $$ filter $$$ (5) Apply $$$ filter Age All Ages (7) Apply All Ages filter You are here Home » Entertainment » [all items] » Arts and Theatre San Diego Entertainment  San Diego Theater Tickets THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. San Diego theater tickets present you with the chance to visit famous venues such as The Old Globe Theatre and Spreckels Theatre for plays, symphonies and ballets. More Info » Buy Tickets San Diego Civic Theatre THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. San Diego Civic Theatre is a performing arts venue in downtowns Gaslamp Quarter where guests like to get dressed up in tuxedos and sparkling gowns and watch a play, oper More Info » Buy Tickets Spreckels Theatre THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. Spreckels Theatre in San Diego is a historic playhouse, which was built in 1912 and still hosts live performances including music and dance companies, comedians and plays. More Info » Buy Tickets Balboa Theatre THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. Balboa Theater San Diego, located in downtowns Gaslamp Quarter, is a performing arts venue with a calendar of riveting shows throughout the year. More Info » Buy Tickets North Coast Repertory Theatre THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. North Coast Repertory Theater is a great place to go see a play in Solana Beach and is known for its intimate 194-seat setting and high quality productions. More Info » Old Globe Theatre THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. The Old Globe Theatre in San Diego was built in 1935 and modeled after the original Old Globe Theatre in London, England, where Shakespeare plays were performed during his lif More Info » Buy Tickets Copley Symphony Hall THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. Copley Symphony Hall, located in San Diegos Gaslamp Quarter, invites you to enjoy concerts, film screenings, corporate and civic events and your own special event here. More Info » Buy Tickets The Lion in the Winter THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. In honor of our 30th anniversary season, North Coast Rep proudly draws upon a title from its inaugural year to bring the classic to life once again on our stage. More Info »  San Diego Hotels DoubleTree Hotel Downtown San Diego THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. DoubleTree Hotel Downtown San Diego offers great service and comfortable rooms in a convenient Downtown San Diego location just minutes from great San Diego attractions. More Info »  Hotel Indigo THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. Stay at San Diego’s first LEED Certified hotel, Hotel Indigo and enjoy great views into PETCO Park from the Level9 Bar. More Info »  Crowne Plaza San Diego THIS FILE IS NOT USED AND IS HERE AS A STARTING POINT FOR CUSTOMIZATION ONLY.See http://api.drupal.org/api/function/theme_field/7 for details.After copying this file to your theme's folder and customizing it, remove thisHTML comment. The Crowne Plaza San Diego Mission Valley is a fun and comfortable hotel near all of the best San Diego attractions and activities. More Info »  Cheap Hot Tickets Search By Artist or Event Name Our Suggestions  San Diego entertainment makes being in this city so incredibly fun. San Diego gets so much love from visitors and locals, and it's attributable in part to the vast amount of entertainment in San Diego. This sunny, fun-filled and laid back part of the world is chock full of San Diego entertainment just waiting to captivate you completely. Looking for a mellow way to spend an evening in San Diego? Just like you did back in middle school, you can go to the movie theater and have a blast - and there are plenty of movie theaters screening the latest flicks for you, providing great entertainment in San Diego. When you have a good solid chunk of free time, you want to fill it with all the fun that you can get. Penciling in a movie date with your friends or catching the newest play that's taking San Diego by storm can be just the kind of fun you had in mind. San Diego live entertainment takes things to another level of impressiveness - when you're watching actors perform in a play right in front of you, somehow the emotions and the delivery of lines can reel you in that much more. San Diego live entertainment might get you thinking that these shows can give legendary theater hot spots all over the nation a run for their money. The San Diego Civic Theatre brings both music and theatre events to the stage. These San Diego shows have included the Broadway hit " Wicked ", classical music quartet Il Divo, and even comedian Bo Burnham singing his goofy songs and making audiences erupt with laughter. San Diego is also home to the super cozy Horton Grand Theatre in the Gaslamp . Boasting great views from every seat in the house, this San Diego gem packs its calendar with unique shows like MIXTAPE, a celebration of 80's music, and gives you plenty of options within walking distance for dining before and after your show. When you think of San Diego plays, do you think of Shakespeare? The San Diego Old Globe Theatre puts on a huge festival dedicated to Shakespeare plays every year. You and fellow San Diegans curious about seeing Shakespeare's works come to life in front of you can enjoy a slew of plays from the Shakespeare repertoire. Get a load of funny with San Diego entertainment. Hope you've done your ab exercises - it's likely you're going to crack up so much that your sides will hurt at San Diego's National Comedy Theatre. This is improv comedy at its best. Think "Who's Line Is It Anyway?", except live and onstage in front of you. There's nonstop laughter to be had during this top San Diego entertainment event. Who knows? Maybe this is why San Diegans are so jolly all year round. There's nothing like a good comedy show to ease the crippling pain of work stress, or boredom. Even if you're already as happy as a dolphin at SeaWorld , rounding up all your friends to attend an improv comedy show in San Diego will likely pan out to be one of your best ideas yet. Hollywood whipped up a great big storm in San Diego entertainment, filming a number of well-known movies and TV shows here over the years. Tom Cruise may be strange because he jumped up and down on Oprah's sofa, but he's also awesome because he filmed " Top Gun " in San Diego. That gives him several extra cool points. Way before that, Hollywood bombshell Marilyn Monroe was in San Diego filming "Some Like It Hot". You got that right, San Diego's exciting past includes plenty of movie stars propelling themselves to the highest heights of stardom - in this sun-kissed city. The Orson Welles drama, "Citizen Kane", was nominated for a whopping nine Academy Awards, took home the Academy Award for Best Writing (Original Screenplay) and, oh yeah, flashed images of San Diego landmarks like El Prado and Museum of Art across the screen. How's that for amazing entertainment in San Diego? Entertainment in San Diego is set to rock your world with music concerts. There are venues of every shape and size, because different music lovers appreciate different features in their music venues. Some stages for San Diego entertainment definitely throw off a gritty, rock n' roll vibe - like the Casbah, while others cater to the classy and upscale music listener, like Anthology in Little Italy. For a mix of shows (and types of audiences), Belly Up Tavern in Solana Beach is the laid back yet very cool spot with high-quality acoustics. The fun thing to do is try them all, and enjoy brand new experiences in your music listening life. The truth is that sometimes you crave indie alternative rock and other times you're attacked by a serious hankering for pop music. For every kind of music that you like, San Diego entertainment is constantly bringing big acts to the city that can satisfy your particular music craving. The San Diego entertainment scene has broad appeal for a reason - the sheer variety of offerings makes San Diego California entertainment intriguing whether you're a teenybopper or a hipster, a jazz aficionado or a classical symphony fan, a country lover or a rap music listener. San Diego music shows can be buckets of fun. When you're not at a hot concert in San Diego, the movie theater with its blockbuster films and smaller, artsy flicks can be pretty entertaining. Or, enjoy a raw and moving live performance during a San Diego play. What's fun about entertainment in San Diego is that you have so many choices, and there's constantly going to be something great to capture your interest as well as provide you and your friends with an amazing time. Pick your San Diego entertainment any way that you want to - whether you like a certain theater and want to keep up with the shows that they specifically offer, want to search by entertainment type (music, comedy, theatre) or want to be spontaneous and randomly look through all the possibilities, the choice of San Diego entertainment is yours at SanDiego.com !  Secondary menu Home About Contact Privacy Advertise Press Copyright  1996 - 2013 SanDiego.com. All rights reserved. Content may not be reproduced without written consent. 