  Home Coupons  Savings » Auto Repair  Service 30K 60K and 90K Service and Maintenance Auto AC Repair and Service Brake Repairs and Maintenance Check Engine Light Cooling System Service and Repair Emissions Testing Engine Tune Up Fuel System Repair Service Oil Change Service Power Steering Service and Repair Road Trip Inspection and Maintenance Wheel Alignment Our Locations Chandler, AZ Gilbert, AZ McQueen  Guadalupe Customer Reviews News Community Car Care Clinics About Us Contact Us  Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Chandler: (480) 420-3555 Gilbert: (480) 359-5531 McQueen  Guadalupe: (480) 497-4787 95 N. Dobson Rd. Chandler, AZ 85224 2341 S. Val Vista Rd. Gilbert, AZ 85295 1655 W. Guadalupe Gilbert, AZ 85233  As Seen On A few places where we have been featured. With award winning shops in Chandler and Gilbert and ASE Certified Master technicians that understand and respect your vehicle service needs. read more Big smiles. Big service. Greeting you with a smile and maintaining a long term positive relationship. Its just the beginning of the automotive service that you deserve. Our team of ASE certified technicians and advisors take pride in providing the utmost of attention to detail and quality workmanship. read more New Location McQueen  Guadalupe Now Open! As we have provided years of superior automotive service and relationships in our community, we proudly announce the opening of our 3rd location at Mcqueen  Guadalupe WITH SATURDAY SERVICE! We have an amazing team of ASE technicians that will proudly provide the auto service you deserve. read more Fair friendly service The leader in the automotive industry With award winning shops in Chandler and Gilbert and ASE Certified Master technicians that understand and respect your vehicle service needs. read more  $19.95 AC Evaluation  Get your cars air conditioning ready for the Arizona heat!  Read more Complimentary Check-Up  Receive a complimentary diagnostic on your vehicle. A $79.00 value!  Read more Oil Change Service  Semi Synthetic Premium Oil Service. Schedule today!  Read more Schedule Appointment  Get peace of mind and schedule your appointment today!  Read more Auto Repair Chandler  Gilbert AZ Guaranteed Auto Repair Serving Arizona You want to be sure any repairs or servicing carried out on your vehicle are going to stand the test of time and wear. We offer a 25 month or 25 thousand mile guarantee on both parts and labor. This means that if a part fails, we replace it, free of charge, no fuss, no quibble. SCHEDULE YOUR APPOINTMENT NOW » Ever wondered what your car says about you? Does your vehicle express your personality? If you stood back and really looked at your car what would you think about the owner? Do you get your car checked regularly and any needed auto repairs done? Have you been overtaken by a car that pumps out clouds of dirty smoke? Or one that sounds as if it's about to choke on its own oil? What did you think? Keeping your car in good repair is about more than just having it serviced regularly, or even irregularly. It's about checking things like brakes and steering, making sure the engine is tuned properly (so you save money on fuel). Having the wheels aligned and balanced so your tires don't wear in odd spots and cause problems. The oil and water need regular checking as does the battery, especially the terminals, after all who want corroded terminals? Some of these things you can (and some would say should) do yourself, other such as wheel balancing you'll need to take to the auto shop to get it done correctly. Having the coolant system checked and the auto AC serviced means all runs as it should and can save you money. In this day and age, we can't always afford the brand spanking new car we lust after, we can however maintain the car we do have so that it's safe, reliable and economic to run. 30K, 60K, 90K Service  Maintenance Auto AC Repair and Service Brake Repairs and Maintenance Check Engine Light Cooling System Service and Repair Emissions Testing Engine Tune Up Fuel System Repair Service Oil Change Service Power Steering Service and Repair Road Trip Inspection and Maintenance Wheel Alignment Newsletter Sign-Up Sign up now to receive our FREE newsletter with discounts, coupons and monthly savings! Email Address: * Zip Code: *  Careers At Desert Car Care Are you driven to doing things the right way? If so, then we would like to get to know you! We have a variety of career opportunities available throughout the company. Desert Car Care associates are approachable, trusted, credible, helpful and passionate about cars. Apply Today! » Car Care Clinics Are you in the dark about what your mechanic recently told you? What are they NOT telling you? Learn more about what your car TRULY needs! Be empowered, take action, sign up today for our upcoming clinics beginning in April. Register Now »  View All News Latest News  Aug 08, 2013 Community Food Drive Aug 08, 2013 Back to School Complimentary Oil Change for Teachers May 05, 2013 $27 Vehicle Temperature Safety Inspection Our Associates  Back to Top About us Desert Car Care is a leader in the automotive industry with award winning shops in Chandler and Gilbert. With ASE Certified Master technicians, including a female ASE Certified technician at both locations, that understand and respect your vehicle service needs. Read more Auto Repair News Aug 7, 2013 Community Food Drive Aug 7, 2013 Back to School Complimentary Oil Change for Teachers May 30, 2013 $27 Vehicle Temperature Safety Inspection More Automotive News Automotive Tweets Back to School Teachers Event (KSAZ - Fox 10 Arizona): youtu.be/JxQxLK7aj-k?a via @YouTube About an hour ago from Desert Car Care's Twitter via Google Back to School Teachers Event (KNXV - ABC 15 News): youtu.be/3VX_s1EwUMU?a via @YouTube About an hour ago from Desert Car Care's Twitter via Google Back to School Teachers Event (KTVK - Good Morning Arizona 3TV): youtu.be/LUVGCT1R1Ww?a via @YouTube About 2 hours ago from Desert Car Care's Twitter via Google ...your "goose bump giddy" auto service experience is a quick click away... ow.ly/ohy4Z ow.ly/i/2YLdE Yesterday from Desert Car Care's Twitter via HootSuite RT @NARPRO : 5 Reasons Why You Should Drive a Diesel Car (via @SheBuysCars ) ow.ly/ohvyw Yesterday from Desert Car Care's Twitter via HootSuite Auto Repair Articles August 2013 (2) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (3) March 2013 (1) December 2012 (1) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (8)  Car Repair AC Repair Brake Repair Check Engine Light Engine Tune-Up Oil Change Careers Privacy Policy   Copyright  2013 Desert Car Care Arizona. Gilbert Car Repair  Chandler Car Repair .   