  Home Start Here! Touch Up Paint Tips FAQ Our Customers Blog About Us Store Tweet Car Paint Repair  Blob or Leveling Solvent Technique One of my favorite car paint repair methods (and the one pros use daily) to do really nice repair and with touch up paint is to use a leveling solvent.  Its hands down the fastest way to do a nice paint repair with touch up paint that you can not see from a normal viewing distance of about 2  3 feet. Automotive Paint Repair The Right Way You may have read of the term Blob Remover for doing car paint repairI hate that term.  I hate it because you dont want a BLOB of touch up paint in the first place when you are doing a paint repair!  When you apply touch up paint correctly you dont get an ugly BLOByou get a clean surgically applied amount of paint in the scratch, chip or scrape. There are several methods by hand to surgically apply touch up paint when doing a paint repair. Syringe  blunt tip micro tip brush squeegie gloved finger Get the Ultimate Car Scratch Remover CSR System BUNDLED with The Ultimate Car Touch Up Paint Kit The Ultimate Automotive Paint Repair Bundle The way the car paint repair solvent leveling technique works is you erode the paint with a special touch up paint solvent.  You carefully remove the build up of touch up paint until it is totally flush and level with the surrounding paint. The paint repair solvent leveling method can take a little practicehowever with the proper kit and formulas you can simply wipe the touch up paint off clean and immediately  start again! You can do the solvent leveling method for auto paint very quickly (15 min)once the paint dry enough ( 2hrs on a nice warm day) Here are the steps for the repair using touch up paint (it may sound like a lot of work  but its not  each of the steps will only require a minute or two) Clean  degrease the scratch Polish the area (you want it to be as shiny as possible first  no glaze or sealant yet) Apply touch up paint (various methods) Level the touch up paint with solvent Polish lightly again if necessary Apply Glaze to enhance the luster Apply Sealant to protect the restored paint finish In this video I added an optional step before applying the car touch up paint.  I decided to wet sand the long key scratch to make it less pronounced and end up with a nicer end result. Since part of the scratch was borderline the wet sanding almost completely removed those parts.  The Safe-T-Sand reusable wet sanding sponge was used.  It uses patented 3000 grit latex paper.  It is so gentle and effective that pros can use it on 24hr old freshly painted clear coats to remove imperfectionsits that gentle for precision paint repairs. Car Paint Repair Can Be Done At Home With Awesome Results, Even For A Beginner! Find out more about The Ultimate CSR System BUNDLED with the Ultimate Touch Up Paint Kit The Ultimate CSR System BUNDLED with the Ultimate Touch Up Kit is a complete all in the box need nothing solution!  You can Save $200.00+ By Doing Your Own Paint Repair save $200.00 and more by not needing to go to a Pro to have the repair work done. This Bundle will pay for itself the very first timefrom then on you can do your repairs for FREE! PLUS  There is plenty more to do should the need ever arise NOTE: In this video I did a wet sanding step its totally optional. ..and 9 times out of 10 you dont need to wet sand with touch up paint repairs.  I was just trying to show all of the possible steps that are available to to you to try with car paint repair. Tags: automotive paint , car paint repairs  Online Payments Copyright  ✦ Car-Scratch-Remover.com.➜➜➜ Effectively Eradicate Your Auto Scratches Using Our Car Scratch Repair Products! ✦ Our Auto Scratches Removal Kits Are The Only Car Paint Repair Products That Will Eliminate Car Scratches In One Use! ✦ privacy policy 