 RSS Feed Search the website Home Contact About Sitemap Browse > Home OJ Simpson Verdict:OJ Simpson Trial,OJ Guilty In Las Vegas October 4, 2008 OJ Simpson Verdict:OJ Simpson Trial,OJ Guilty In Las Vegas  O.J. Simpson was found guilty on Friday night of robbing two sports-memorabilia dealers at gunpoint in a Las Vegas hotel room.O.J. Simpson could spend the rest of his life in prison.This verdict comes exactly thirteen years after he was acquitted of murdering his ex-wife and a friend of hers in Los Angeles.According to the Associated Press : The Hall of Fame football star was convicted of kidnapping, armed robbery and 12 other charges for gathering up five men a year ago and storming into a room at a hotel-casino, where the group seized several game balls, plaques and photos. Prosecutors said two of the men with him were armed; one of them said Simpson asked him to bring a gun. Damm!!! Poor OJ,this smells like payback time. Thats the latest updates in OJ Simpson Verdict:OJ Simpson Trial,OJ Guilty In Las Vegas. Filed Under Celebrity News  Leave a Comment DeAnna Pappas Bikini Picture With Jesse Csinsak Ritz-Carlton Marina Del Rey July 25, 2008 DeAnna Pappas bikini pic,from few days ago,at the Ritz-Carlton in Marina Del Rey with her fiance and The Bachelorette Season 4 winner Jesse Csinsak .I am a big fan of DeAnna Pappas,after seeing this bikini photo although I did not know her name this morning.What does she do for a living? Actress? Singer? Painter? Producer? Did I say media whore? Filed Under Celebrity Photo  Leave a Comment Brooke Hogan Nude Photos Playboy? July 25, 2008 Brooke Hogan is apparently going to pose nude for Playboy magazine.People from her camp confirmed that the wannabe pop star was approached by Playboy for some naked pictures.Her rep explained: “No decision has been made at this time.” Which more or less means that Brooke will do it for the right sum of cash.I would not pay more than one dollar to see her in the nude. Filed Under Celebrity Gossip  Leave a Comment Clementine Jane Hawke:Ethan Hawke And Ryan Shawhughes Baby Girl July 25, 2008 Ethan Hawke and Ryan Shawhughes ,his wife are the proud parents of a baby girl named Clementine Jane Hawke .She was born on July 18 at a hospital in New York City.In case,you dont remember Ryan used to work as a nanny for Ethan and his ex-wife Uma Thurman.He then decided to sleep with her,a divorce with Uma followed and the rest is history. Will Ryan Shawhughes,be able to trust Ethan Hawke with their new nanny? Filed Under Celebrity Baby  Leave a Comment Cristiano Ronaldo Short Shorts Picture July 23, 2008 Cristiano Ronaldo a Soccer superstar who plays for Englands Manchester United,was spotted wearing short shorts in Hollywood,yesterday.This guy is totally not gay,although I could see him and Elton John spending quality time together,in the future. Photo Source Filed Under Celebrity Photo  Leave a Comment Page 1 of 2 1 2   Latest Headlines OJ Simpson Verdict:OJ Simpson Trial,OJ Guilty In Las Vegas DeAnna Pappas Bikini Picture With Jesse Csinsak Ritz-Carlton Marina Del Rey Brooke Hogan Nude Photos Playboy? Clementine Jane Hawke:Ethan Hawke And Ryan Shawhughes Baby Girl Cristiano Ronaldo Short Shorts Picture Matthew Broderick Cheating On Sarah Jessica Parker Celebrities Brooke Hogan Cristiano Ronaldo DeAnna Pappas Ethan Hawke Jesse Csinsak Matthew Broderick OJ Simpson Sarah Jessica Parker Subscribe Subscribe in a reader Recent Comments Admin Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS Resources About Contact Sitemap Categories Celebrity Baby Celebrity Gossip Celebrity News Celebrity Photo Archives October 2008 July 2008 Copyright  2008  Celebrity Gossip  Sitemap  Entries (RSS)  Comments (RSS)  Celebrity News  Log in 