 Art.Net : Links : Literature References Submit A Link Book Publishers : Groups : Displays / Writing Forums Individuals : Fiction / Poetry / Mixed / Nonfiction,Other Online Books & Book Stores Publications : Fiction / Poetry / Mixed / Nonfiction,Other Radio : Fiction / Poetry / Mixed / Nonfiction,Other Reference : Authors / Ezines / Finding Literary Information / General Resources / Small Press / Text Archives / Other ( Hint : You can search this page by using the"find" or "search" function of your web browser. ) Return to previous page... Book Publishers : Blurb An online service that helps you create and publish your own book. You can sell your original books in their onsite bookstore. They also provide software (BookSmart) which enables you easily create content for a book. This site hosts a Forum for questions and answers. InternetBookInfo.com IBIC maintains a guide to resources for book-lovers on the Internet, as well as regularly updated book reviews and What's New information. Just Imagine It Ink Just Imagine It Ink is a Full Service Provider offering Marketing, Publishing, and Proofing of e-books and audio books for emerging and published authors. *See how our method puts you in control of the self-publishing process while retaining all rights to your book." Art submissions, featured sales and marketing available. [Back to Top] Groups : Displays / Writing Forums [Back to Top] Displays Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. the kinte space A cyber verse does not totally depend on the typesettingto divide itself into rhythms. Other media can beused to create the rhythm ... that is so essential topoetry. Interactive links to supplemental text, images,motion graphics and sound are not used to dress up or propup the typesetting but it serves to compliment and enhancethe intellection. [Back to Groups] Writing Forums Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. The AlienFlower Poetry Workshop The AlienFlower Poetry Workshop is a live forum in whichpoets and writers can read and comment upon each others'works-in-progress. These pages are open to all poets whoseek critical responses from objective readers. The Fiction Network ... a web site for aspiring and unpublished authors ... nowshowcases sixteen novels and anthologies in serial form,plus six short stories. An archive displays additionalworks from authors worldwide. LitWeb has a fiction slam, group journal, classifieds, book reviews,and links to other literary sites. Planet AUTHORity A virtual space for poetry and storytelling, a place totalk about myths and realities and fantasies with poetsand storytellers, a place to read, listen and interact ina multi-media environment. [Back to Groups] Individuals : Fiction / Poetry / Mixed / Nonfiction,Other Note : For historic authors, see Yahoo's Authors page . [Back to Top] Fiction Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. Ariga: The Avram Cohen Mystery Series A series of mystery novels about crimes in Jerusalem. P235 :: what's goin' down Rock Q about God / issues. Poetry and lyrics by Gary Ottoson. Pagan Holiday Features dark fantasy, erotica and horror themed literary fiction, including "Flesh Hell", the newest novel by Kirsten Imani Kasai. Also includes "Beautiful Machines", women's letters to their bodies and "Celebrity Dreams", readers' dreams about famous folk. Rowena's Page "... a collection of contemporary short stories about thelife of a young woman." by S.D. Youngren. Simona Busto A virtual writer sharing short stories and many links. Simona was published two times in anthologies and won a mention in the literary competitions: Premio Artenuova 2004 and Premio Bompiani-scrivi.com 2004. The Tales of Tanais the Fox Mythic stories of animal spirits and adventures. Xander Stories "Short stories and cartoons about young, ambitious andslightly confused people living in New York City, in thestyle of James Thurber. These stories originally appearedon telephone poles, in subway stations, and in pizzaparlors and laundromats around New York City." [Back to Individuals] Poetry Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. Amy King - Antidotes for an Alibi Amy King's poems leap from small, fragile moments into grand gesture and godly vision. Her snapshots of downtown folklore connect on the most basic, truthful level. "If I were you, I would wait for me," King writes. I advise you to do what she says. --Daniel Nester The Classics of Hsiao Tze-Ming various verse, with selections from famous authors as wellas the page's author. Dusty's Home Page "Poems by a woman who was a nurse in Vietnam." Eric's Poetic GUMBO "Meet 'The Poeticican'. One of today's brightestcontemporary poets. His poems draw you in and leave youbreathless. They make you cry, laugh and sometimes eventhink. He will also pen a personal poem for you at yourrequest." MyLovePoet - Classic, Friendship, Romantic, Love Poems & Quotes. MyLovePoet - Who's Cool and Funky? Mylovepoet dares and takes the reader onan appetizing, delicious journey. Poems of S.D. Rodian an extensive collection of language poems. Tushar's poetry page marathi poems, english poems, as well as links and selectedmaterial from rec.arts.poems. ve Poems & Quotes. MyLovePoet - Who's Cool and Funky? Mylovepoet dares and takes the reader onan appetizing, delicious journey. Wasted Love Letters "... a 1994 collection of words and pictures by one ofthe Pacific Northwest's leading swamp goddesses, Montana." [Back to Individuals] Mixed Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. Andrew Burke "... the mid-Sixites, Andrew Burke has been writing andpublishing poetry, short stories, literary journalism,and book reviews. ... He lives in Shenton Park, WesternAustralia." Cactus Bob's Homepage "Cactus Bob is actually Robert Luttrell. Poet, Writer,Story Teller. He lives in Duvall, Wa. His hobbies arewriting poetry, searching out wild edible plants andmushrooms. He belongs to the 'Valley of The Moons PoetSociety' which reads poetry every equinox. He has written5 books to date." Chakabrah's House "Born in the Year of the Horse when the moon was in thehouse of Cancer. Lives in New York. Eats solids. Drinksliquids. Writes often. Loves often. Kills rarely. " Conscious Creating with Sara Robinson This is a site which introduces the work of actor, producer, teacher, and writer, Sara Robinson, including her weekly radio talk show, "Conscious Creating with Sara Robinson". The radio show features distinguished artists from the fields of dance, film, music, television, theater, and visual art. Artists engage in lively conversations on the topic of conscious creating. crown o' gems "The flash of a wing. The glittering of gems. A page filled with poetry, prose, and letters." Creative writings, interests by jewel and others. crown o' gems "The flash of a wing. The glittering of gems. A page filled with poetry, prose, and letters." Creative writings, interests by jewel and others. James Aire: Selected Writings Personal site contains the selected experimental and surrealist writings of James Aire, including Pope Peter & the Moon Child, torn threads, and to here knows when. Jennifer's Homepage stories and poetry by Jen Harvey. Phoenix by Dale J. Sprague. "These compositions originate frominstinctive impulse, and without over endeavoring toconvert such dim light to bright, there are voices, butonly one character. There is a journey, but no story.There is truth, but no formal proof." Robert Sward "A Guggenheim award-winning poet now producintg multi-mediacollages for the ... Web." includes a serio-comic novel,a novel, poems, and a historical piece. The Vent, Home of the Thunder Eggs "Thunder Eggs, in the geological sense, form over thecourse of millions of years. They start out as airbubbles of superheated gases trapped deep in a risingcolumn of magma." stories and poems by Scott E. Hancock. [Back to Individuals] Nonfiction,Other Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. File Not Found 404 "T.S.Thomas is a [Canadian] poet and visual artist.His latest project is a conceptial work titled, File NotFound 404. It is a commentary on the Web and expands onhis original, now 'defunct' website launched December 6th,1995." Medicine and Poison: Doug Fine Unedited "...a ... writer who's traveled to Rwanda, Suriname,Alaska, the Galapagos Islands, cyberspace and deep withinhis own head to write fiction, journalism and educationalfeatures about all that he sees as askew and balanced ona small planet. Socio-environmental-political issues andhumor abound." [Back to Individuals] Online Books & Book Stores: Aggarwal Overseas.Com An Online Indian Book Store that offers bestseller India Books and products. Amazon.Com An American based store that offers online shopping for Books, electronics, DVD's and much more. This store originally started out selling just books but has since expanded into many other retail areas. read free online books | howto Read free online books at howto.co.uk. Over 150 books covering topics such as living and working abroad, family & wellbeing, as well as an expert blog written by our authors. [Back to Top]  Publications : Sections: Fiction / Poetry / Mixed / Nonfiction,Other The Burnt Ones: Literary Awards News The Burnt Ones: Literary Awards News keeps track of literary prizes awarded around the world. Updated daily, or whenever events take place. Fiction Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. E-scape: the Digital Journal of Speculative Fiction " E-scape publishes science, fantasy, andhorror fiction and anything in-between. The journal ispublished in Adobe Acrobat and HTML formats. Our website provides additional content and an opportunity tointeract with authors, artists, the editorial staff,and other readers." eScene "... a yearly electronic anthology dedicated to providingone-click access to the Internet's best short fictionand authors. The stories featured are culled from acollection of electronic magazines ... published on thenet from across the globe, and feature both establishedand previously unpublished authors." gargarney - comic short fiction "Fiction in the tradition of T.C. Boyle, Martin Amis,et al. ... smart and witty." InterText "We publish entertaining, well-written and cleanly-editedstories ranging from the mainstream to science fiction,along with stories that defy genre descriptions." [Back to Publications] Poetry Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. Haiku Circus Always unique, always cleaver, and always 17 syllables -- Haiku Circus abides by the criteria for haiku poetry. Illya's Honey a quarterly journal of poetry and art published by the Dallas Poets Community. Love Poems and Quotes A collection of romantic love poems and quotes, as well as a free monthly poetry contest. Zero City "ground zero for explosive poetry". [Back to Publications] Mixed Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. blood alley "The Vancouver Echo's magazine of pop culture, sex, death,music, and personal affirmation." Caffeine "... a Los-Angeles-based poetry/fiction magazine printing31,000 bimonthly copies which are distributed for 'phree'in California or available on newsstands nationally...." CrossConnect "An electronic journal of contemporary art and writingbased at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia." Enterzone poetry, fiction, audio, art, columns, hypermedia texts,diatribes, mixed media. the green Cart Magazine "... a multi-faceted project that specializes in humanexpression. Combining the traditional with the bizarreand everything digital ... Vancouver's answer to alllocal and international artistic, cultural & multi-mediaendeavors ... on paper and on the Internet." Gruene Street "an outlet for high-quality prose & poetry ... to a generalacademic/literary audience." The Hawk a journal of ideas, prose, poetry, art from the mountainsof Santa Cruz, California. NWHQ "... a web journal of hypertexted literature and art thatis constructed somewhat like a labyrinth wherein worksgrow over time. The site presents literary work from aninternational collection of authors and is edited anddesigned by inter-disciplinary artist Elizabeth Fischer." Potpourri Magazine "Potpourri Publications is dedicated to: Produce anddistribute fine quality literary publications, Publish andpromote works of poets, writers, and artists, Supportliterary arts through educational endeavors, Fosterappreciation of our culturally diverse society." Sycamore Review "...a nonprofit journal for the arts publishedtwice annually by the Department of English at PurdueUniversity. All work on the magazine, from editorial anddesign considerations to business matters, is handled bygraduate students in Purdue's Department of English. Themagazine was founded in 1989 and is now in its eighthvolume of publication." Tempus Fugit Online "This site proves that the struggles of the modern artistneed not be vain battles against society and inspirationor pretentious extensions of hollow ideals. The fightfor originality and creativity can be won decisively,yielding wondrous and expressive landscapes to be livedin and experienced by all." Ygdrasil "Ygdrasil is dedicated to providing the best in ModernInternational Poetry and Literature. Ygdrasil is a monthlyPublication and welcomes submission from around the world." Zuzu's Petals a critically acclaimed small press journal, now on the Web. [Back to Publications] Nonfiction,Other Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. In Motion " In Motion Magazine is a multicultural,English / Spanish, online magazine which promotesgrassroots organizing and art for social change amongcommunities of color and working people." Virginia Tech Online Literature Project puts quality print journals on the web. [Back to Publications] Radio : Fiction / Poetry / Mixed / Nonfiction,Other New Letters A magazine of writing and art. New Letters on the Air hosted by Angela Elam, is the half-hour radio companion to the literary quarterly magazine New Letters. Interviews with writers and artists are featured on this show. [Back to Top] Reference : Authors / Ezines / Finding Literary Information / General Resources for Writers / Small Press Publishers / Text Archives / Other [Back to Top] Authors Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. Internet Poetry Archive contains the work of poets from around the world, includingSeamus Heaney, Czeslaw Milosz, and Phillip Levine. WritersNet: Internet Resource for Writers, Editors, Publishers, and Agents "A searchable directory of hundreds of published writers onthe Net. Each entry contains a listing of published works,biographical statement, and contact information. Publishedwriters can add/edit their entries online." Yahoo's Authors Index a good list of writers, various genres and formats. [Back to Reference] Ezines Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. John Labovitz's e-zine-list "This is a directory of 400+ electronic 'zines aroundthe world, accessible via the Web, Gopher, FTP, email,and other services. This list is updated at the beginningof each month." [Back to Reference] Finding Literary Information Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. American and English Literature Internet Resources This bibliography attempts to highlight some of the major internet sites for American and English Literature. Included are world wide web sites, listservs, newsgroups and homepages of various authors. American and English Literature Web Resources This is a listing of websites that feature English and American Literature. Hosted by the University of Rochester - River Campus Libraries. BUBL Information Service links to literature-related sites by dewey classificationand subject. includes journal articles. CyberStacks "... a centralized, integrated, and unified collection ofsignificant [web] and other Internet resources categorizedusing the Library of Congress classification scheme ... Themajority of resources incorporated within its collectionare monographic or serial works, files, databases or searchservices. All of the selected resources in CyberStacks(sm)are full-text, hypertext, or hypermedia, and of a researchor scholarly nature." ibiblio.org Home to one of the largest free information databases online, ibiblio.org has something for everyone. Visitors can browse through our eclectic collections catalog and contributors can host and share their unique collections with millions worldwide. The Internet Sleuth search online databases by category. Librarians' Index to the Internet Literature Resources including literary texts, collections by genre, sitesdevoted to authors or their works, and more. LitLinks basic resources. also includes literary theory andliterary cyberplaces. Multiple Authors & E-Texts Centers Page [Back to Reference] General Resources for Writers Children's Writing Resource Center all kinds of resources for children's writers. The Literature Network Searchable text archive of classic literature organized by author. Over 250 authors and over 1700 books are included. Includes the largest classic litera ture discussion forum on the Internet with over 25,000 members. U.S. Copyright Office information from the source. [Back to Reference] Small Press Publishers Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. The Barefoot Press Free Poetry Homepage "South Africa's first dedicated poetry website and homeof free poetry." Beaconway Press a haven for conservative intellectuals. A Small Garlic Press "A Small Garlic Press (ASGP). Chapbooks of selected poetsand writers - emphasizing internet artists. Graphics andexcerpts from books, and poetry of ASGP associates." [Back to Reference] Text Archives Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. Banned Books Information On-line: American Library Association Presents Banned and Challenged Books. Banned-Books.Com Offers information about banned and controversial books. Facebook: Banned Books Week Facebook Group discussing banned books. Google Books Explore Banned Books. Open Culture Discusses 74 Free Banned Books (for Banned Books Week). Wikipedia: Banned Books List of books banned by governments. The English Server a cooperative which publishes online a wide-rangingcollection of humanities and literary texts. particularareas of interest may be: Fiction Poetry Drama Cyber The ETEXT Archives one of the largest on-line collections of books, essays,and other literary material from a wide range of topics. Lithuanian Poetry "Large collection of Lithuanian poetry translated intoEnglish." On-line Books Page Listing over 1 million free books on the Web. Project Gutenberg a large set of literature and reference books. "TheProject Gutenberg Philosophy is to make information,books and other materials available to the general publicin forms a vast majority of the computers, programs andpeople can easily read, use, quote, and search." Turkish Poetry Home Page a sizeable collection of Turkish poets, also in Englishtranslation. University of Virginia Electronic Text Library they have a varied collection of literature in a fewlanguages; however most of their material is licensedand unavailable to the general public. of particularinterest are: Lady Freedom Among Us by Rita Dove, in text, image, audio, and video. BritishPoetry 1780-1910 currently has poetry by Shelley, Coleridge, Tennyson, and others. Modern English and Middle English hundreds of publically available texts. Special Collections from the University of Virginia (includes a number of African-American resources). [Back to Reference] Other Automatically generated entries go here; any changes you make between this line and the matching comment below will be lost. Bay Area Writers' Groups pointers to writers' workshops and groups in the SanFrancisco Bay Area. The Cabinet of Dr. Casey - The Horror Web Page information about the genre. Life Quotes Awe-inspiring collection of life quotes. The Literary Times "A journal for lovers of romantic fiction". Love Quotes Provides a large collection of Love quotes, sorted by categories. South Asian American Literature "In the South Asian diaspora, belonging has always involveda process of transforming selves and recreating homes.A familiar tension has been the immigrant conflict ofhome as a physical site in North America and home as anemotional concept tied to the ancestral country, and thechallenging of both notions in the second generation." Tim Love's literary references a succienct list of links to prose, poetry, resources,groups, and other areas of interest to writers. [Back to Top] 