  360-629-4144 8801 272nd NW Stanwood , WA 98292 Mon-Fri: 8am - 6pm www.StanwoodCarCare.com Home Auto Services Testimonials Auto Repair Specials  Complete Automotive Service  Repair ASE Certified technicians Vehicle Electrical Problems Engine Diagnostics, Repair  Tune-Up Lube, Oil  Filter Brake, Clutch, Transmission Repair Tire Balancing  Alignment Customized Exhausts  Converters Air Conditioning  Rated a "Top Shop" for Auto Repair by AAA for the last 3 years! Stanwood Car Care is a locally owned and operated automotive repair service provider, and we're rated in the top 6% of all automotive service providers in the Puget Sound Area by Consumers Checkbook . We genuinely care about you and your car or truck, and our goal is to build long-term relationships with our customers by guiding you to the most economicals automotive repair and maintenance. We're an AAA authorized auto repair facility, so our mechanics have the latest training and the right equipment. We're also associated with the American Car Care network, providing industry-leading, nationally honored warranties on all automotive repair services, so no matter where in the country you and your car or truck go, you take peace of mind along! And if you buy your name-brand tires from us, you get free tire rotation, road hazard  rebalancing anywhere in the nation, with an added unique feature: roadside assistance for the first 12mo or 12k miles! Click Here to See What Our Customers Are Saying About Us! Stanwood Car Care has been locally owned and operated for 15 years, and we're rated in the top 6% of all automotive service providers in the Puget Sound Area by Consumers Checkbook . Our mechanics are the most skilled and knowledgeable automotive technicians available, and they take great pride in their work. We are also A Rated on Angie's list. Our mission statement is simple and straightforward: To provide premium automotive repair service to our customers, with courtesy, care and respect. To get your car or truck fixed right the first time, on time, and to be returned to you clean and in better shape than it was left. To make our customer's auto repair experience with us a pleasant one, building trust for their future auto service needs. And most importantly, to build lasting relationships with our customers by showing them that we really care about them and their vehicles. Come see why we're so highly rated! You won't get better auto service and repair anywhere in the Puget Sound area - but you'll pay less coming to low overhead Stanwood! Click Here for Our Special Offer Coupons  For directions, enter your starting address: Request More Information Name Email Phone Comments We'll never rent, sell or share your information to anyone! Rated Top 6% by Consumer's Checkbook! Call 360-629-4144 Today to Learn More! Passionately serving the communities of Stanwood, North Stanwood, Camano Island, Silvana, Lake Goodwin, Conway, Warm Beach  Island Crossing!  Privacy Policy Copyright  2011 - 2012 All Rights Reserved. 