 Local Reno / Tahoe Search Reno / Tahoe Neighborhoods Things To Do Reno Outdoors Events/ Arts/ Entertainment Reno / Tahoe is known as a center for the arts. The annual Artown event is a multi-faceted celebration of artistic endeavors. Casinos and nightclubs feature a broad array of the best acts in the entertainment world. Broadway plays, opera, and symphony can also be enjoyed in numerous area venues. Movie Theaters Directory (5) Reno / Tahoe Hotel Casinos (2) Reno Big Events & Pictures (84) Reno / Tahoe Arts (18) Summer Olympics Athletes (2) Reno Thanksgiving Holiday (9) Winter Olympics Athletes (12) Reno / Tahoe New Year's Eve (7) Reno Halloween Events (10) Christmas in Reno (12) 9/11 Memorials and Remembrances (2) Reno Beer, Bar, and Pub Crawls Check out these beer and pub crawls held in Reno, Nevada. Labor Day Weekend Holiday Enjoy Labor Day weekend in the Reno area with this variety of fun activities. It's the final big holiday weekend of the summer season. Sparks Whole Foods Hometowne Farmer's Market Sparks Whole Foods Hometowne Farmers Market is the largest farmer's market in the Reno / Tahoe area. Besides the tasty fresh fruit and vegetables, there are lots of other fun activities at this farmers market. Annular Solar Eclipse Watching in Reno Be in Reno, Nevada, to see an eclipse of the sun on May 20, 2012. Reno is almost in the center of the path of this annular solar eclipse. Gourmet Food Trucks in Reno - No Roach Coaches Here Reno's food truck scene has grown to include several excellent mobile kitchens. Enjoy a good meal wherever you find one of these food trucks parked around the Reno area. Valentine's Day Dining in Reno Take your Reno sweetheart out to Valentine's Day dinner at one of our romantic Reno restaurants. hands/ON! on 2nd Saturdays at the Nevada Museum of Art Enjoy free admission and family activities at the Nevada Museum of Art in Reno. These events are available on the second Saturday of each month. Chinese New Year 2013 - Year of the Snake Chinese New Year events and celebrations around the Reno / Tahoe region marking the Asian custom of Lunar New Year. Super Bowl XLVII (47) Parties in Reno Enjoy lots of fun in Reno on Super Bowl Sunday, with numerous parties and activities around the Reno and Sparks area. Reno Craft Fairs and Harvest Festivals for Fall and the Holidays Reno area craft fairs and harvest festivals are sponsored by various organizations and groups. Fairs and festivals are great for buying holiday and seasonal items, and for supporting local artisans, crafters, and charitable causes in northern Nevada. Free Summer Music Concerts Free music concerts are in abundant supply around Reno, Sparks, and Lake Tahoe during the summer months. All Aboard! Ride the Virginia & Truckee Railroad Today's Virginia & Truckee Railroad is an excursion line mostly following the original route between Virginia City and Carson City, Nevada. Riders on the restored V & T travel through the fabulous era when Virginia City's Comstock mines made it one of the richest places in the world. Tell Us About Your Events  Activities Reno events and things to do are numerous and exciting. Enter your own events information to help keep us informed about the current shows, festivals, activities, and entertainment going on in our corner of Nevada. Reno / Tahoe Farmers' Markets Reno / Tahoe farmers' markets offer fresh produce and fruit. Many farmers' markets also have food, crafts, and entertainment. Memorial Day Weekend Memorial Day services, cemeteries, and memorial parks in the Reno / Tahoe region. Memorial Day Weekend There are numerous Memorial Day holiday weekend activities in the Reno / Tahoe region. The Knitting Factory in Reno The Knitting Factory (The Knit for short) Concert House in Reno is a venue for music concerts and more. While basically set up for concerts, the Knit occasionally plays movies and has shows that permit dancing. You'll also see lots of local bands booked to play for a hometown audience in a decent venue. National Automobile Museum in Reno Enjoy one of the best of its kind at the National Automobile Museum in Reno. St. Patrick's Day Festivities in Reno Enjoy the St. Patrick's Day holiday around Reno, Sparks, and Lake Tahoe with these events and activities. There is a lot of green beer, drinking, and entertainment at these St. Patrick's Day activities. Valentine's Day in Reno Valentine's Day in Reno - a day in the Reno area to engage in romance, get married, go to the movies, have a romantic dinner, give flowers, and more. Women's History Day and Month in Reno Women's History Month and Day is a celebration of the contributions of women in a wide variety of endeavors. In Reno, a number of events mark the occasion. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in Reno Reno events and celebrations commemorating the Martin Luther King, Jr. Day holiday in Reno and northern Nevada. Chinese New Year 2011 - Year of the Rabbit Chinese New Year events and celebrations around the Reno / Tahoe region celebrating the Asian custom of bringing in what is also called the Lunar New Year or Spring Festival. 2011 is the Year of the Rabbit. Pictures at the National Automobile Museum in Reno The National Automobile Museum in Reno is among the best of its kind in the world. The National Automobile Museum features cars from the dawn of the automobile age through the present day. The National Automobile Museum is also called The Harrah Collection because most of the vehicles on display are from late casino mogul William F. Harrah. Reno Tahoe Visitors Tell About Their Favorite Big Event Reno events and festivals bring big excitement to the Reno / Tahoe region. Both residents and tourists come by the thousands to enjoy everything from the Reno River Festival to Artown to Hot August Nights. Tell us which Reno big event is your favorite, and why. Reno Super Bowl XLIV Parties If you can't attend the Super Bowl XLIV game at Dolphin Stadium in Miami, know that Super Bowl mania is alive and well right here in Reno. There are numerous places to party on Super Bowl Sunday and cheer on your favorite team, be it the New Orleans Saints or the Indianapolis Colts. Chinese New Year 2010 - Year of the Tiger Chinese New Year events and celebrations around the Reno / Tahoe region celebrating the Asian custom of bringing in what is also called the Lunar New Year or Spring Festival. 2010 is the Year of the Tiger. "Come in from the Cold" Family Entertainment Series at Bartle Reno Come in from the Cold Family Entertainment Series at Bartley Ranch Regional Park is a series of free concerts by some of Reno's best performers. Reno Indoor Playgrounds and Gyms Reno has a great selection of indoor play places and gyms where families and kids can have fun when it's too hot or cold outside. Our indoor playgrounds offer open play times, party rentals, daycare, and other types of fun activities. Reno even has a cool indoor roller skating rink and climbing gym. Reno Bowling Alleys Reno bowling is a good old-fashioned way to have fun with the family. Reno, Sparks, and Carson City have a good selection of bowling alleys from which to choose. When it's cold outside (or too hot), a family bowling outing is a great activity. For those who don't want to bowl, or aren't quite big enough to roll a bowling ball, most bowling alleys have amusement game arcades and plenty of food for Reno Videos Reno videos are a fun way to see some of the events and activities available around the Reno / Tahoe region. Reno's Top Free Art Exhibits, Galleries, Museums, and Public Art Reno residents and visitors can enjoy numerous free art exhibits throughout the area. Oktoberfest Celebrations in Reno and at Lake Tahoe Numerous Oktoberfest events and celebrations take place in Reno and around Lake Tahoe. Oktoberfest is a fun fall festival featuring lots of good beer, plenty of tasty food, and German-style music and fun. Free Movies in the Reno / Tahoe Area Free movies in Reno, Nevada, show at several places during the summer. Free movies are family friendly entertainment events. Bring the children and enjoy these free movies at different venues around Reno and Lake Tahoe. Father's Day Around Reno / Tahoe Father's Day around Reno, Lake Tahoe, and Sparks, Nevada features a variety of things for mom, including brunches, special events, shopping, and other activities. Reno Events - Calendar, Festivals, Entertainment, Guide, Shows Reno events and things to do are numerous and exciting. Our calendar keeps you informed about the current events, shows, festivals, and entertainment going on around our corner of Nevada. 2009 Western Athletic Conference Basketball Tournament The 2009 Western Athletic Conference (WAC) Basketball Tournament will be played in Lawlor Events Center on the University of Nevada, Reno campus. Winners of each of the men's and women's competitions will earn an automatic bid to the big NCAA Tournament. Reno Super Bowl XLIII Parties If you can't be in Tampa Bay in person, know that Super Bowl mania is alive and well right here in Reno. There are several places to party on Super Bowl Sunday and cheer on your favorite team. Reno House Seats - Show & Event Tickets Reno House Seats is a membership service for getting tickets to casino shows, concerts, sporting events, live music, touring shows, and more. Exploring Nevada Series at the Wilbur D. May Museum The 2009 Exploring Nevada Series consists of free presentations about Nevada history and some of the people involved with Nevada's colorful past. Featured presentations include guest speakers, photography, and video. They are sure to be entertaining and educational for those who attend. Nevada Heritage Series at Bartley Ranch Regional Park The 2009 Nevada Cultural Heritage Series consists of free presentations about the cultural and natural heritage of northern Nevada. Featured speakers are among northern Nevada experts in their respective fields and are sure to give their audiences entertaining and educational presentations. Super Bowl XLV Parties in Reno If you can't attend the Super Bowl XLV game at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, TX, know that Super Bowl mania is alive and well right here in Reno. There are numerous places to party on Super Bowl Sunday and cheer on your favorite team. Reno Sports Teams and Sporting Events Reno sports teams are growing in numbers and variety. Professional sports are represented by the Reno Aces Triple-A baseball team and the Reno Bighorns NBA Development League team. College sports are popular and continue to be presented by the UNR Wolf Pack football, basketball, and other teams. Reno / Lake Tahoe Olympians at the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver The Reno / Lake Tahoe region will be well represented at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympic Games. Reno / Lake Tahoe Olympians will compete in alpine skiing, freestyle skiing, and snowboarding events. Look for Olympic veterans like Daron Rahlves and Julia Mancuso, along with first timers Tim Jitloff of Reno and Errol Kerr, who trains at Alpine Meadows but represents the Jamaica Ski Team. Easter Brunch in Reno Where to enjoy Easter Sunday brunch with family and friends in the Reno and Sparks area of Nevada. Mother's Day Activities in the Reno Area Mother's Day around Reno, Lake Tahoe, and Sparks, Nevada features a variety of things for mom, including brunches, special events, shopping, and other activities. Amgen Tour of California For the first time ever, the Amgen Tour of California will include bicycle racing in Nevada with stage one of the event taking a spin around Lake Tahoe. In circumnavigating Lake Tahoe, stage one will take riders through Incline Village and along the Nevada shore, re-entering California at Stateline / South Lake Tahoe. Cirque du Soleil in Reno Cirque du Soleil presents its arena show, Quidam, at Lawlor Events Center in Reno, on the University of Nevada, Reno campus. Quidam is a fantasy of fun for families and children of all ages. Free Reno / Tahoe Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Reno / Tahoe Must Reads August Events and Festivals Nugget Rib Cook-Off Labor Day Weekend Burning Man 2013 Reno Movies & Movie Theaters Most Popular Labor Day Holiday Weekend in Reno Reno Road  Highway Conditions Top Family Fun Things to Do in Reno Nevada Liquor Laws Events in the Reno / Lake Tahoe Region Free Reno / Tahoe Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Events/ Arts/ Entertainment Sports/ Parks/ Recreation Living in Reno / Tahoe Dining & Nightlife Families & Children Govt. & City Services Neighborhoods Real Estate & Rentals Education & Jobs Transport & Travel Senior Living in Reno Lifestyles & Special Interests History & Historic Sites Visiting & Tourism Reno Picture Galleries Reno / Tahoe About.com Local Reno / Tahoe Events/ Arts/ Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 