 models pure coupe passion coupe passion cabriolet electric drive compare features safety customization fun factor fun calculator smart Expressions shopping build your smart payment estimator finance current offers Certified Pre-Owned brochures lifestyle collection owners warranty owner's hub owner's stories service your smart smart USA insider dealers & inventory: smartusa smart Certified Pre-Owned pre-loved smarts seek fun drivers with good homes. Has your current automobile relationship fizzled to a grinding halt? It's ok, it happens. Thankfully, with a huge range of pre-loved smarts, finding your perfect partner has never been easier. And for peace of mind, we stand behind all our pre-owned vehicles (not literally, that would be dangerous) well into their next generation of ownership and beyond. Sound good? Then, let's get you started. find a dealer  standard of quality as high as its MPG We're sticklers for safety and quality. Each and every Certified Pre-Owned smart is rigorously inspected by our trained smart technicians  all before you even take it for a test drive. we've got you covered Depending on the model year of your Certified Pre-Owned smart, you could have either 1 year / up to 100,000 total vehicle accumulated miles or 2 years / up to 100,000 total vehicle accumulated miles. 1 sensible support for sensible drivers With 24-hour Roadside Assistance covered for the life of your smart Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty, you're never at a stand still for long. special financing  exchanges We make the purchase process as efficient as the car itself. Just talk to your authorized smart center representative about the finance options available through Mercedes-Benz Financial. And, if youre not completely satisfied with your Certified Pre-Owned smart, simply return it to the selling smart center within 7 calendar days or 500 miles 2 and select another vehicle of equal or greater price. 3 unstress.uncar. view brochure  follow us  home about us get updates contact us sitemap privacy policy smart Worldwide legal terms  2013 Mercedes-Benz USA, LLC 1 Whichever comes first. See a smart center for full details, limitations and a copy of the smart Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty and optional Extended Limited Warranty. 2 Not offered in all states. See your smart center for details. Terms and conditions may vary. 3 If the exchange vehicle is priced higher, the buyer must pay the difference.  