 Spartanburg.com  An Online Guide to Spartanburg, South Carolina  Current Weather 87.1 F Hi: 90 | Lo: 70 Search Spartanburg.com (press enter to search) Movies Calendar of Events Menu Skip to content Accommodations Eat  Drink Attractions Shopping Entertainment Things to Do Lodging, Hotels,  Motels Bed  Breakfasts Cabins  Vacation Rentals Hotels Eat  Drink Groceries Restaurants Wines  Gourmet Foods Activities Attractions Biking Disc Golf Family Fun Fishing Golf Great Outdoors Hiking  Backpacking Hot Air Balloon Rides Rafting Water Sports Shopping Antiques  Interiors Apparel, Shoes  Accessories Arts  Entertainment Beer  Wine Books, Cards  News Camping Gear Candy  Flowers Coffee  Wine Hair Salons Music Stores Upstate-Crafts Community Center Animal Shelters Arts  Culture Clubs  Membership Organizations Economic Development Environment Government Health Kidspace Libraries Maps  Directions Newcomers Public Safety Recreation Seniors Social Services Support Groups  Clubs Support Groups in the Upstate Transportation Volunteer Ops Professional Services Accountants  Accounting Firms Attorneys  Law Firms Banking Cameras  Photography Computer Connection Financial Services Graphic Design Home  Business Security Systems Insurance Marketing  Advertising Mechanical Contractors Medical Clinics  Specialists Newcomers Optometrists Security Services  Personnel Telecommunications Web Site Design and Development Real Estate Builders and Architects Commercial Properties Community Developments Condominium Guide General and Sub Contractors Lenders  Mortgage Brokers Manufactured Homes Newcomers Rental Properties Residential Properties Undeveloped Land Home  Garden Electrical, Plumbing, and Carpentry Heating  Cooling Historic Preservation/Restoration Home Furnishings Home Improvement Housewares Interior and Exterior Design Lawn  Garden Security Systems Swimming Pools and Spas Visitor Center Maps  Direction Transportation  Advanced Search Arts  Entertainment Lawsons Fork Creek Lawsons Fork Creek is now accessible to paddlers who want to put in at Whitney and float to Lawsons Fork is now accessible to paddlers who want to put in at Whitney and float to the Cottonwood Trail, a distance of 4.5 river miles. A crew from V. Palmetto Builders has completed work on the put-in just below the dam, along U.S. Highway 221. Centre Stage  South Carolina! Centre Stage-South Carolina! has as its focus and primary purpose the nurturing of a culturally and ethnically diverse not-for-profit theatre with broad participation by both professional and non-professional artists. The Artists Guild Spartanburg a professional oriented non-profit organization, embracing a philosophy of education and competition for its members and a policy of community service through arts education for the public. It endorses no particular style or esthetic philosophy, but seeks to help its individual members realize their full potential in the mediums and styles of their choice. TD Stage at the Peace Center The Peace Center, located in downtown Greenville, South Carolina, is the premier performing arts center in the Upstate. Come in, explore, and enjoy. 864-467-3030 The Music Foundation of Spartanburg Concert Series The Music Foundation of Spartanburgs mission is to educate, entertain and enrich peoples lives through music. The Music Foundation of Spartanburg Concert Series presents world-class artists and the Greater Spartanburg Philharmonic. The concert series runs from September to April and consists of classical, jazz, pop, folk, and holiday programs. Most performances are held at Twitchell Auditorium. 864-948-9029 The Spartanburg County Historical Association In 1957 the Spartanburg County Historical Association was founded with a mission to promote and encourage interest in all aspects of the history of Spartanburg County. FestiFall, a colonial living history festival, is held at Walnut Grove Plantation the first weekend in October each year. Taste of the Backcountry, a cooking festival, is held the first Saturday in April at the Price House. The Spartanburg Repertory Company The Spartanburg Reperatory Company provides accessible cultural community enrichment and educational opportunities through professional quality experiences in the various aspects of opera, operettas and musicals, thereby developing area talent and promoting community appreciation in the Upstate. The Spartanburg Youth Theatre The group features young actors in productions designed for viewing by the entire family. Performances are staged at the David Reid Playhouse and has administrative and ticket offices with its sponsor, the Spartanburg Little Theatre, on the second floor of the Arts Center. 864-583-4891 Cafe and Then Some Located just off bustling Main Street, Café And Then Some brings you folksy satire and music and great food, blended with a personal touch by proprietors Bill and Susan Smith. Hes better known as “Bubba” on stage. Shes best known as “Norma Jean, a big ole country and western star”, but she has also introduced Café And Then Some regulars to a host of characters—from cosmetologist Joenine Whitehead to Mary Louise Earle McDaniel Hampton Pinckney. The Spartanburg Science Center The Science Center offers programs in natural history and science to schools, scout troupes, summer camps, parks and recreations centers, and other interested groups. It also has a portable Star lab planetarium available for programs. 864-583-2777 Spartanburg Art Hop Art Hop is a celebration and showcase of art and artists in our community. Art Hop is your chance to meet, greet and enjoy art in the heart of Spartanburg and historic Hampton Heights. Spartanburg.com is a proud sponsor of the upcoming Art Hop. Spartanburg Memorial Auditorium Spartanburgs grand old lady, the Spartanburg Memorial Auditorium, reopened after an extensive $10.5 million renovation, and is a great venue for entertainment. The new renovations include a new lobby, complete with custom carpeting, a specialty coffee bar, copper chandeliers, and arched skylights. The concession stand has rich oak cabinets behind the counter, and just around the corner is a new souvenir booth. Main Phone number: 864-582-8107, Fax: 864-278-2003, Ticketmaster: 864-576-1550 Cowpens National Battlefield Cowpens National Battlefield, in Cowpens, SC, commemorates a decisive battle that helped turn the tide of war in the Southern Campaign of the American Revolution. The battle at the Cow Pens, one of only a few successful double envelopments in history, is recognized by historians as one of the most important of the American Revolution.  Music on Main Since its inception ten years ago, BellSouth FastAccess Music on Main has been embraced by the Spartanburg community as a favorite after-work social gathering. What began as a plan to re-introduce the business community and the local residents to the downtown area is now a destination point where you can meet your friends and colleagues, hear great live music, enjoy food and beverages in an outdoor setting, and just have plain fun! Greenville Drive Following in the footsteps of such outstanding professional teams as the Spinners, Spartans, Braves, and Bombers, your new World Champion Red Sox affiliate team, Greenville Drive,  is here to provide baseball at it finest for a community that knows and appreciates what the game is all about. Greenville County Museum of Art The Greenville County Museum of Art offers its visitors a way to sample the very best in American art through traveling exhibitions and exhibitions drawn from its own collection. It also offers art classes, evening programs, and information for teachers and school classes.  Carolina Foothills Artisan Center The Carolina Foothills Artisan Center in Chesnee, SC is organized and shall operate exclusively as a nonprofit corporation to develop the educational, artistic, cultural and economic growth of the Upstate by providing means for North and South Carolina artists to demonstrate the creative process and to showcase the products of their talents to a wide variety of citizens and by providing a place for citizens to learn about and purchase the work of Carolina artisans. Ballet Spartanburg Ballet Spartanburgs mission is to promote dance appreciation in Spartanburg County and surrounding areas by providing quality dance presentation, education, and outreach. Ballet Spartanburg produces a four program season that includes The Nutcracker, a fall program, a spring program and a guest company. Tony White Theatre at Wofford College The black-box theatre in Woffords Campus Life Building offers performances by the Wofford Theatre Workshop, a campus organization dedicated to showing students how playwrights express ideas through drama.  Chimney Rock Park More than a rock, Chimney Rock Park in Lake Lure, North Carolina is a mountain of possibilities. Enjoy a leisurely walk or a challenging hike out to 404-foot Hickory Nut Falls. Sign up to take a rock climbing clinic or spend a half or full-day taking rock climbing instructions. Bring a picnic or pick up a Hiker’s Lunch and savor the views. Take the kids and the dog on the Great Woodland Adventure trail. There’s no shortage of ways to find yourself breathless. Check out our special events and group activities. Just 60 miles north of Spartanburg. Open all year. Live it up! 800-277-9611/828-625-9611 The Spartanburg Little Theatre The mission of the Spartanburg Little Theatre is to activate, cultivate, and educate our community by providing quality theatrical experiences. They stage at least four productions a year including comedies, dramas, and musical theatre. Performances are at the David Reid Playhouse. 864-585-8278 Walnut Grove Plantation Walnut Grove Plantation is on land granted in 1763 by King George III to Charles Moore when the area was known as the backcountry. The documented collection of antique furnishings and accessories vividly portrays living conditions in Spartanburg County prior to 1805.  Hollywild Animal Park Hollywild Animal Park is located near Inman in Spartanburg County, South Carolina, one of the most scenic and culturally diverse areas of South Carolinas Upcountry. Nestled on over 100 acres, Hollywild is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization committed to providing an interactive and enlightening experience for our visitors as we continually improve the lives of our animals in an enriching and respectful environment. Hub-bub.com Hub-bub.com is Spartanburgs newest and freshest forum for what is going on around town. Find daily happenings, polls, cool things to check out, and the FORUMS board, where the talk of the town is (literally) going on. The Spartanburg Arts Center  The Gallery The Spartanburg Arts Center  The Gallery includes exhibits by local, regional and international artists. All work on display in the Gallery section is available for purchase. Open 9am-5pm Monday thru Friday; 10am-5pm Saturday; 2pm-5pm Sunday. 864-583-2776 Petrie School of Music at Converse College A typical concert season at the Petrie School of Music at Converse College features over 150 events each year, including student and faculty recitals as well as performances, lectures and master classes by some of the world’s most gifted musicians.  Hatcher Garden and Woodland Preserve Hatcher Garden is a community supported urban garden located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. Started by a man with a dream, the garden has grown to become a beautiful woodland preserve that provides a home for wildlife and a display for the natures beauty. The mission of Hatcher Garden  Woodland Preserve is to be a place for the public to come for inspiration, enjoyment and education through the study of nature. The Garden is home to over 10,000 trees, shrubs and flowers. Admission is free. The Sandor Teszler Library at Wofford College In service since the fall of 1969 and named as one of the Outstanding Buildings of the Year by the South Carolina Chapter of the American Institute of Architects, the The Sandor Teszler Library at Wofford College was dedicated in 1971 and named for Sandor Teszler, a well-known textile leader. The downstairs gallery houses art collections with a changing schedule of exhibitions through the course of each year. Palmetto Expo Center When the subject is conferences, tradeshows, or meetings, weve got plenty of room to talk! Long known as one of the largest exhibit halls in the country, Palmetto Expo Center in Greenville, SC is also one of the most elegant, flexible and well-equipped meeting sites. 864-233-2562 BMW Zentrum See the cars, the speed, the innovation – all for free in the only BMW museum in North America. The BMW  Zentrum is part meeting and events center, part café, part gallery, and part time machine. Located next to the only BMW manufacturing plant in the US, this museum of motion offers something for everyone. Humanities and Performing Arts Center at University of South Carolina The Humanities and Performing Arts Center at USC  Upstate offers performances by the USC Upstate Gordon-Colloms Gospel Choir, the University Singers, and the Shoestring Players, the universitys theatre group. The Horace Smith Gallery hosts exhibits by area artists.  The Arts Partnership of Greater Spartanburg Welcome to the Arts in Spartanburg. This site will outline for you the cultural activities taking place in Spartanburg, SC. For specific information on organizations supported by The Arts Partnership you may select that organization and learn more about it.  Flat Rock Playhouse The State Theatre of North Carolina, and one of the finest local playhouses in the United States. Highly acclaimed throughout the theater world. The Playhouse’s dual mission of producing the performing arts and providing education in the performing arts includes a ten-show professional series; a summer and fall college apprentice and intern program; performances and cabaret series by the YouTheatre; year-round classes and workshops for students from kindergarten through adults. Flat Rock Playhouse now hosts over 90,000 patrons annually and is a major contributor to the local economy and the Arts in North Carolina. Check the web site for schedule: www.flatrockplayhouse.org . Forward Fridays Forward Fridays showcases local music and musicians. Rock, hip hop, jazz fusion, djs, electronica, experimental, etc. Bi-Lo Center The Bi-Lo Center is the place to see sporting events, concerts and much more. 864- 233-2525 Milliken Art Gallery at Converse College The Milliken Art Gallery at Converse College hosts visiting exhibits, as well as exhibits by the students and faculty of the Converse Department of Art and Design. The Gallery maintains approximately six shows per year. Local Clubs The Cove Lounge and Club 9112 Greenville Hwy. 864-576-2683 Hoozers Lounge 4895 S. Pine Street 864-582-7381 Magnolia Street Pub 261 Magnolia Street 864-948-1777 Twisters 179 E. Saint John Street 864-585-0088  Activities Activities Attractions Biking Family Fun Fishing Golf Hiking  Backpacking Rafting Water Sports Great Outdoors Arts  Entertainment Galleries Museums Music Spoken Word Theatre Education  Learning K-12 Adult Alt. Education Colleges Internet Tutoring Family Services Child Care Green Living Parenting Pets Support Healthy Living Health Renewable/Alternative Energy and Green Living Guide Home  Garden Interior Design Lawn  Garden Renewable/Alternative Energy and Green Living Guide Medical Resources Chiropracters Dentistry  Orthodontics Hospitals Veternarians Professional Services Attorneys  Law Firms Banking Graphic Design Insurance Telecommunications Web Site Design and E-Commerce Development Real Estate Commercial Properties Financial Services Home sites, acreage, undeveloped land Rental Properties Residential Properties Religion  Spirituality Churches, Synagogues, and Spiritual Centers Youth Groups Sports  Recreation Activities Recreation Community Center Animal Shelters  Rescues in the Upstate Arts  Culture Education  Learning Environment Government Health Newcomers Recreation Seniors Sports  Recreation Support Groups  Clubs Support Groups in the Upstate Visitor Center Maps  Directions Transportation For listing and advertising information, click here .  2013 spartanburg.com | contact: info@spartanburg.com or 864-235-1211 