 281-719-5599 3902 Louetta Road Spring, TX 77388 | Map Us! Mon-Fri : 7am-6:30pm | Sat : 8am-3:30pm | Sun : closed 832-559-5660 7925 Louetta Road Klein, TX 77379 | Map Us! Mon-Fri : 7am-6:30pm | Sat : 8am-3:30pm | Sun : closed Home Services 10 Minute Oil Change Complimentary Car Wash Automotive Repair Center Brake Services A/C Repair Wheel Alignments State Inspections Battery Replacement / Electrical On-Site Rental Vehicles Diesel Engine Repair Check Engine Light Oil Change Coupons Schedule Appointment Testimonials Employment Blog Contact  Expert Auto Repair Written Estimates - This gives you an exact price of what needs to be done... in writing . ASE Certified Mechanics- We will perform the job right the first time, saving you both time and money. Written Warranties - You will have a "peace of mind" knowing that we will take care of you. 10 Minute Oil Change With a Complimentary Car Wash and the option of staying in your vehicle , why would you go anywhere else? Service First Automotive Centers deliversa fast and thoroughoil change. Come and experience our legendary customer service and let us earn your repeat business! Why Service First? Convenience - We recognize that your time is a luxury. Price - Our prices are a fraction of the dealer. Customer Service - 5 Star Treatment Amenities - ipad bar, Starbucks coffee, indoor playground Expert Mechanics - ASE and Factory Certified Mechanics "With attitude, ethic, and a servant's heart, we will change the image of the automotive service industry." Community Involvement We are dedicated to our community by holding sponsorships and mentorship programs for local schools, sports teams, and local events. We encourage representatives to contact us for eligibility.  Copyright 2011-2013 Service First Automotive Centers | Auto Repair in Spring, TX | Sitemap | Web Design Auto Centers Oil Change Coupon Schedule Appointment Testimonials Employment Contact Us Follow Us On: YouTube Facebook Twitter Pro Maintenance Services 10 Minute Oil Change Free Car Wash Service State Inspection Services Check Engine Light Diagnostics Expert Mechanical Repair Brake Services A/C Repair Wheel Alignments Electrical Repair Diesel Engine Repair Auto Repair Loaner Car 