 generated 182 seconds agogenerated in 0.759 secondsserved from batcache in 0.003 secondsexpires in 118 seconds Constraint kept separate from header so header can befixed above the page and still position correctly Skip to Content TIME Entertainment Sections  Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Style Opinion Photos Magazine Video LIFE.com Lists Sports Search Search TIME Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr RSS Apps Home Movies Television Books Music Populist Video Games Photos Sports  Jason Merritt / Getty Images Big Bucks: Madonna Tops Celeb Earnings List, and Other Surprises Follow When it comes to raking in the dollars, not every star is created equal Jessica Gildersleeve / Shore Fire Media Music Premiere: A Brewing Banjo Backlash The ubiquitous instrument enters the meta phase of its popularity Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images Olbermanns New Sports Talkshow Pulls No Punches (Well, Maybe Just a Couple) Olbermanns new show looks like it will face the usual ESPN identity crisis Eleanor Stills A Conversation with Moby: Innocents , Failure and What L.A. Traffic Can Teach You About Life I genuinely believe no one has ever learned anything from success, Moby tells TIME  Photos Celebs Hit the Red Carpet at the 2013 VMAs Celebrity Sightings: On the Radar Emmys 2013: The Nominees Travel Rejoice, Simpsons Fans: You Can Go to Springfield By Tim Newcomb 3 hours ago 0 TV fans can finally stroll through Homers hometown Video Television A Great TV Good-Bye: The Bunheads Farewell Video By Melissa Locker 4 hours ago 0 Amy Sherman-Palladino gathered the cast for one last show Music Bass Says No N Sync Reunion Tour; Dishes on Cyrus By AP / John Carucci 7 hours ago 0 Dont get your heart set on anything more than the 90-second N Sync reunion seen on the MTV Video Music Awards Music Viewpoint: At the VMAs, Real Stars Kept Off Stage By Jack Dickey Aug. 26, 2013 0 MTV created a first in television history: the award show with reaction shots has become a reaction show with the occasional award Music 4 Reasons Youre Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance By Lily Rothman Aug. 26, 2013 0 The singers appeared at the MTV awards show, but she isnt in the news because of what she sang Books Catch This: Five Posthumous Salinger Books Reportedly On the Way By Samantha Grossman Aug. 26, 2013 0 If the reports dont turn out to be phony, that is Television American Idol Cast Set with Dr. Luke Joining Lopez and Urban By Tim Newcomb Aug. 26, 2013 0 Idol has returned to having three judging chairs instead of four Music Linda Ronstadt Tells AARP She has Parkinsons By Associated Press Aug. 26, 2013 0 The 67-year-old music legend tells AARP Magazine, in an article posted online Friday, that she was diagnosed eight months ago and cant sing a note. Video Movies Todays Movie Trailer: Divergent By Lily Rothman Aug. 26, 2013 0 The upcoming movie is based on the best-selling young-adult books Awards The VMAs: The Best and Worst By Melissa Locker Aug. 26, 2013 0 Check out video clips of the best on-stage moments from the Video Music Awards (and some not-so-great ones too) Tuned In Media On Anna Gunn, the Skyler-Hating Sexists, and the Billion-Megaphone Era By James Poniewozik Aug. 26, 2013 0 The misogynist criticism of Breaking Bads female lead is both a real problem and an example of how the most obnoxious shouters get to define the discussion. TV Recap Television Breaking Bad Watch: Confessions of a Middle-Aged Drug Kingpin By Eric Dodds Aug. 26, 2013 0 As the shows finale nears, the confessions begin to pile up Populist Movies Draft Picks: 10 Drinking-Buddy Movies By Gary Susman Aug. 26, 2013 0 Two new movies inspire a toast to films about frothy, foamy friendships Previous 1 2 3 ... 709 Next Latest from our Partners Subscribe Popular Among Subscribers Having It All Without Having Children The Plight of the Honeybee Health: Why I Would Vote No On Pot 10 Questions for Manny Pacquiao Get all access to digital and print Subscribe Most Popular From Entertainment 4 Reasons Youre Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance MTV’s Video Music Awards: Who Got Cheered, Who Got Booed and Who Got Naked Breaking Bad Watch: Confessions of a Middle-Aged Drug Kingpin The VMAs: The Best and Worst The 25 Best Songs of 2013 (So Far) From Time.com 4 Reasons Youre Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance Get Ready For a COLD Winter Zimmerman Wants Florida to Pay Legal Bills The VMAs: The Best and Worst Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday More on TIME Syrias Slow-Motion Civil War Idaho Wildfires Encroach On Popular Resort Towns 11 Suspiciously Sound-Alike Songs Made in America Is Making a Comeback Connect With TIME  Sign up for TIMEs entertainment newsletter  Movies Draft Picks: 10 Drinking-Buddy Movies Two new movies inspire a toast to films about frothy, foamy friendships Populist At Your Service: 10 Great TV and Movie Butlers Movies Flights of Fancy: 10 Great Airplane Movies  iPad iPhone Android TIME TV Populist The Page TIME Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Photos Videos Lists Magazine  2013 Time Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights RSS Newsletter Mobile TIME For Kids Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Use Media Kit Reprints & Permissions Help Site Map Ad Choices Custom Content Powered by WordPress.com VIP our partners  