 VMAS  Miley Cyrus  Britney Spears  One Direction  Demi Lovato Perez Posse login | Sign up Home Videos Photos   Back Joe Jonas, Blanda Eggenschwiler, And Their Hand Sandwich Hit The Streets Of New York 8/27/2013 12:35 PM ET | Filed under: Love Line  Jonas Brothers  New York  Walk It Out  Joe Jonas Joe Jonas and his girlfriend, Blanda Eggenschwiler , strolled through Manhattan ’s Soho neighborhood this week looking casual and cozy with each other per usual. From Blanda’s bag of groceries, it seems like these two may have had food on the brain. Of course, they always seem to be enjoying a HAND SANDWICH whenever they’re together! But we can’t blame them  they’re two TASTY individuals! And one DELICIOUS couple! LOLz!!! Ch-ch-check out more of Joe Joe and his JoBros (below)! [ Image via Pacific Coast News .] Permalink       / Comment Here       /  Email this     One Direction Defends Harry Styles Against Taylor Swift's "Lame" VMA Jab 8/27/2013 12:33 PM ET | Filed under: Taylor Swift  Bestiez  One Direction  VMAS Oh, Haylor the ship continues to sink! Despite taking a cordial-appearing photo with Harry Styles , VMA viewers still got the impression that Taylor Swift isn't quite over her break-up with the One Direction babe. Not only did she seem to mouth 'shut the f*ck up' during 1D's time on stage, she then went on to call out the ex who inspired I Knew You Were Trouble in her acceptance speech for Best Female Video. While many had previously thought said song was about Jake Gyllenhaal , others began wondering if she could have written it about Hazza and their first fling from earlier in 2012. Either way, her actions were addressed by Harry's fellow band-mates on the red carpet of their New York premiere for This Is Us . When asked of their thoughts on Swifty's reaction to their stage presence, Louis Tomlinson said: Permalink       / 42 comments       /  Email this    Olivia Wilde And Jason Sudeikis Show Off Their Love-Love At The U.S. Open! 8/27/2013 12:29 PM ET | Filed under: Zportz  Love Line  Serena Williams  Olivia Wilde  New York  Tennis  Jason Sudeikis Who knew Jason Sudeikis and Olivia Wilde were such big tennis fans?? Not us! The two love birds recently made their way to the Big Apple to take in some serious tennis action at the U.S. Open! And boy do they look into it!! Jason and Olivia couldn't divert their eyes as they sat in the Time Warner Cable suite and watched in amazement as Serena Williams put a royal beatdown on Francesca Schiavone , winning 6-0, 6-1 at The Billie Jean King Tennis Center! There's still plenty of tennis to be played in New York, so hopefully this isn't the last we've seen of these two! Ch-ch-check out more pics from Jason and Olivia at the U.S. Open (below)! [ Image via HRC/ WENN .] Permalink       / Comment Here       /  Email this    One Direction Take The Clothes Off Their Backs To Stop Bullying! 8/27/2013 12:15 PM ET | Filed under: Fashion Smashion  One Direction  Auction Block  Charity This Is SO Us ! The boy band, the anti-bullying campaign, the thought of wearing Niall’s shirt every day for the rest of our lives. LOLz! Here’s what we’re talking about: the lads of One Direction are furthering their anti-bullying campaign by offering up the shirts off their backs  literally! Thanks to their partnership with Office Depot , an item of clothing previously worn by one of the five members is being auctioned off RIGHT NOW at Charitybuzz.com Here are the deets: Permalink       / 5 comments       /  Email this     Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie! 8/27/2013 12:10 PM ET | Filed under: TV News  Angelina Jolie  Britney Spears  Photos! Believe it or not, there are varying degrees of stardom! Just because a celeb walks the red carpet, stars in their own TV show, and/or sells out a concert arena doesn't mean they've reached the very top! What glorious distinction could be above all of that, you ask? How about someone who is sooooo ridiculously famous and intriguing that Lifetime makes an original movie based on their life??? We know exactly which current celebz we would LOVE to see in a Lifetime flick CLICK HERE for the gallery, "Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie!" CLICK HERE for the gallery, "Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie!" CLICK HERE for the gallery, "Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie!" CLICK HERE for the gallery, "Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie!" CLICK HERE for the gallery, "Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie!" [ Image via WENN .] Permalink       / Comment Here       /  Email this     George Clooney Takes Sandra Bullock  Her Son For A Fun Bus Ride Into Venice! 8/27/2013 11:59 AM ET | Filed under: George Clooney  Sandra Bullock  Celeb Kidz  Perezcious Parenting  Travel Just when you think you know George Clooney , he goes and does something like this! After spending some time at his Lake Como house in Italy, the salt-and-pepper heartbreaker boarded a bus, YES, a bus, and took a road trip along wtih Sandra Bullock and her son Louis to attend the premiere of their film Gravity at the Venice Film Festival . But they couldn’t leave behind Rande Gerber , who is Clooney’s Casamigos Tequila business partner, which the actor proudly promoted on his shirt. It may seem odd to see two of Hollywood's biggest stars boarding a bus, but it's kind of endearing to see that they can get down with ordinary folks too! Ha! We're sure little Louis enjoyed a game of punch buggy with Uncle George during their A-list road trip! Ch-ch-check out pics of their boat ride later on in the day (below)! [ Image via XposurePhotos.com .] Permalink       / 3 comments       /  Email this     EXCLUSIVE! Kate Gosselin Being Called Out For Filing BOGUS Lawsuit Against Ex-Hubby Jon! 8/27/2013 11:51 AM ET | Filed under: Icky Icky Poo  Exclusives!  Legal Matters  The Gosselins  Kate Gosselin Come and get your popcorn! Because this is starting to get inneresting!!! Yesterday, we reported about Kate Gosselin 's multi-million dollar lawsuit being filed against her ex-husband Jon Gosselin . She claims he hacked into her computer and stole her identity in order to get info for a tell-all book about the mother of 8! But we're hearing EXCLUSIVELY that Kate's case is all smoke and mirrors because she just doesn't want to see the book hit store shelves again! Uh-oh. What doesn't she want us to know??? Kate's now being accused of filing a Permalink       / 6 comments       /  Email this     Back 1 ... 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 Next  One Direction Defends Harry Styles Against Taylor Swift's "Lame" VMA Jab Oh, Haylor... the ship continues to sink! Despite taking a cordial-appearing photo with Harry Styles , VMA viewers still got the impression that Taylor Swift isn't quite over her break-up with the One Direction babe. Not only did she seem to mouth 'shut the f*ck up' during 1D's time on stage, she then went on to call out the ex who inspired I Knew You Were Trouble in her acceptance speech for Best Female Video. While many had previously thought said song was about Jake Gyllenhaal , others began wondering if she could have written it about Hazza and their first fling from earlier in 2012. Either way, her actions were addressed by Harry's fellow band-mates on the red carpet of their New York premiere for This Is Us . When asked of their thoughts on Swifty's reaction to their stage presence, Louis Tomlinson said: Read more  [ Image via TRY CW/ WENN .] Advertising info GGW Founder Joe Francis Sentenced To 270 Days In Jail For Attacking A Woman!!! Get Deets HERE! Hope the porn king was wearing a raincoat, because the you-know-what just hit the fan! Girls ... Liam Payne Ups His Hotness Level At JFK By Holding A Baby! See Heart-Stopping Pic HERE! Ovary explosion! Even if you dont have any! We didnt think it was possible for Liam Payn ... Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie! Believe it or not, there are varying degrees of stardom! Just because a celeb walks the red c... Demi Lovato Doing Glee -ful Girl-On-Girl With Naya Rivera! Ever since we found out Demi Lovato was coming to Glee , weve been excited to find out what she... Breaking Bad 's Bryan Cranston WILL Be Lex Luthor In Man Of Steel Sequel! It looks like Bryan Cranston is about to break REALLY bad! The Emmy -winning actor has just be... Incredible School Clerk Antoinette Tuff Talked Down The Georgia Elementary School Shooter Panic was sent through our bodies when we first heard there was an active shooter at an elementa... Miley Cyrus' Scandalous VMA Look Was Inspired By These 8 People! If you slept at all Sunday night after the VMAs , were betting you had dreams (or nightmares) ab... Lady GaGa Performs At The 2013 VMAs! Watch Applause Here! So... Lady GaGa just performed at the VMAs . And it was... FULL-ON WEIRD! Did you guys see Igg ... Miley Cyrus Bears It All And Twerks On Robin Thicke At The 2013 VMAs! Watch HERE! Wha-wha-what??? First Miley Cyrus brought her cray cray We Cant Stop video to life with some... Lady GaGa Refuses To Open Her Own Car Door At The VMAs! LOLs!!!... Featured Newest Perez Live & Exclusive! Perez Tv Originals Therapy With Perez Celebs Music Television Movies Politik Etc. or  Time: Added: Views:  Time: Added: Views:  Time: Added: Views: PerezHilton.com on Facebook  PerezHilton.com on Radio Perez  Celebs Who Deserve Their Own Lifetime Movie Updated: 08/27/13 Gallery views: 30,298 Total photos: 18 Guess The Abs! Updated: 08/27/13 Gallery views: 95,025 Total photos: 40 Best Celebrity Reactions At The MTV VMAs In GIFs And Pics! Updated: 08/26/13 Gallery views: 725,792 Total photos: 9   Back 1 ... 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 Next  Home | About | Copyright statement | Conditions of Use | Privacy Notice | Sitemap Advertising | | Perez Posse signup FAQ | RSS  2005-2013 PerezHilton.com    