 Autos.com Certified Pre Owned  Home Car Buying Certified Pre Owned Advantages and Disadvantages of Buying a Certified Pre Owned Auto Advantages and Disadvantages of Buying a Certified Pre Owned Auto  Debating the advantages and disadvantages of buying a certified pre owned auto is a good idea for anyone in the market for a car. There are many advantages to buying a certified pre owned auto. Among them is that certified pre owned cars are generally only one owner, are less than five years old, and have low mileage. One disadvantage is increased price; a certified pre owned car tends to be more expensive than non certified used cars, even if they are identical otherwise. However, certified pre owned cars often times offer the consumer a good deal because they traditionally have better warranties than non-certified used cars. Warranty A big advantage certified pre owned cars offer the consumer is peace of mind. Most certified used cars are thoroughly inspected and come with the remainder of the manufacturers warranty and often times come with an additional warranty for a specified period of time. Even so, it is best to select a car with proven reliability in order to help eliminate any future problems; no one wants a lemon. Some certified pre owned auto warranties also include roadside assistance and towing. Warranties will vary between manufacturers with many offering powertrain coverage only. Manufacturer or Dealer Certified Manufacturer certified used car warranties are typically better deals for the simple fact they are honored nationwide and tend to be subject to more thorough inspections and reconditioning. Whereas non-manufacturer certified used car warranties may not be subject to the same stringent rules. Some dealers offer their own certification for used cars which may or may not be as good as manufacturer certified pre owned cars. Cost Higher cost is one of the main disadvantages of a certified pre owned car; a certified used car will be priced substantially higher than a comparable non-certified used car. The Kelley Blue Book website is a helpful source for determining the fair market value for a certified pre owned car. Since some dealers put a an additional premium on certified used cars, researching price, is a good way to know how much a particular certified used car should cost. While some dealers may not be inclined to negotiate price, there is no reason not to try; it is sometimes possible to negotiate the price down significantly. Buying a certified pre owned car may end up being cheaper than buying a non-certified used car and buying an extended warranty. With a certified pre owned car the warranty is part of the price. On the other hand, when buying a non-certified used car you must negotiate the car price as well as the extended warranty cost. Many dealers are not so eager to negotiate the extended warranty cost as they are a big money maker for them. A certified pre owned car is a used car, no matter how new it appears. Therefore, it is prudent to request a title history and ask for any service records available for the car. However, a certified pre owned auto can be an excellent investment for the buyer seeking a newer, low mileage car that has been reconditioned to near new condition.  Previous Article Next Article  Related Articles Where can You Buy Used Subaru Motors? Where can You Buy a Used Subaru Transmission? How is the Subaru Boxer Engine Different than Other Engines? What's the Easiest thing to do with BMW Engine Tuning? What is the most Common Reason for the Engine Light to be on in a BMW? What are the Most Common E46 BMW Engine Problems? Is CARFAX the Only Option for a Car Background Check? What Options are there for Audi Interior Trim? Who Offers the Lowest Prices for Audi Engine Parts Online? Which Models have the 4.2 Audi Engine? Topics in Car Buying Buy a Car Car Donation Car Finance Car Lease Car Shipping and Transport Car Warranty Certified Pre Owned Diesel Cars Gas Mileage Hybrid Cars New Car Buying Used Car Buying  Aftermarket Parts Auto Insurance Auto Loans Auto Repair Car Buying Car Maintenance Car Pricing Car Rentals Driving And Safety  Autos.com Affiliate Program Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Dealer Inquiries How Models are Ranked Tech Support Autos.com is an company. Copyright 2004-2010 Autos.com, Inc. About Us Search by Model Search by Class Home 