  16 C Mostly Cloudy HOTELS/B Hotels/Resorts Bed & Breakfasts/Inns Specialty Lodging Vacation Rentals Campgrounds/RV Parks Things to Do Attractions Arts, Culture & History Beaches & Lakes Gardens & Parks Golf Victoria Nightlife & Entertainment Restaurants Shopping Spa Sport & Outdoors Statues & Landmarks Tours Whale Watching Festivals/Events Calendar of Events Festivals Online Travel Auction Submit an Event Victoria Calling Plan Your Trip About Victoria Deals and Promotions eNewsletter Sign-up Getting Here Getting Around Image Gallery Itineraries Learning in Victoria Living in Victoria BC LGBT Travel Our Blogs Travel Tips Victoria's Capital Communities Victoria Vacation Guide Visitor Centre Weddings Meetings Travel Trade Travel Media Members  Getting here is easy 1 Escaping to Victoria is quick, easy and fun! Our southern island location provides you with amazing scenery no matter what mode of transportation you choose... more Summer @ Butchart Gardens 2 Experience the vibrant summer colours and scents, the Summer evening Entertainment Festival and spectacular Saturday night Firework show... more Calendar of Events 3 Check out our jam-packed Calendar of Events for upcoming events and festivals to make the most of your stay in Victoria.... more Air Canada 4 Find your fare option... more 2013 Official Vacation Guide 5 Download our Official Vacation Guide app, now available from iTunes.... more Learn more about B.C.'s Capital! 6 Connect and celebrate with the Provincial Capital Commission... more Quiz: What Type of Traveller Are You? 7 Take a moment to discover what makes you tick when you travel... more  All Lodging Hotels/Resorts Bed  Breakfast/Inns Specialty Lodging Vacation Rentals View All Central Island Greater Victoria - Oak Bay Greater Victoria - Saanich & the Peninsula Greater Victoria - Sidney Greater Victoria - Sooke Greater Victoria - Westshore Pacific Rim South Central Island Vancouver/Mainland Victoria - City Centre Victoria - Downtown/Inner Harbour  Vacation Guide A great tool to plan your next Victoria, B.C. escape with lots of ideas and tips! Download PDF Map of Victoria Get your bearings and find great local spots with our interactive map feature. more Featured Events Highlights  Victoria Fringe Theatre Festival 08/22/2013 - 09/01/2013 more 35th Annual Victoria Classic Boat Festival 08/31/2013 - 09/01/2013 more The Saanich Fair 08/31/2013 - 09/02/2013 more Coupons and Special Offers We have great deals just for you! more What Traveller Type Are You? Take our quiz to find out your travel style! more Capital Communities So much to do, see and taste in Victoria communities more  Welcome to Victoria!   Victoria is a unique blend of old world charm and new world experiences. As an island destination, Victoria offers visitors an escape from the hurried world and beams with ambience. Boasting the mildest climate in Canada we are green and beautiful year-round. In fact, Vancouver Island, where Victoria is located, is rated the TOP ISLAND in the Continental US and Canada and one of the TOP TEN ISLANDS IN THE WORLD by the 2012 Travel+Leisure World's Best Awards. In Victoria,  heritage architecture , colourful gardens and traditions like afternoon tea mix with a plethora of  outdoor adventure , world-class culinary experiences and a vibrant arts and culture scene. This combined with the wild beauty of the Pacific Ocean and old-growth rainforests set against a backdrop of the Olympic Mountains makes Victoria the perfect getaway. We were even rated as the #1 DESTINATION TO VISIT IN CANADA by the 2010 TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice Awards. You should really come here.         Visit Victoria eNewsletter Sign Up: Tourism Victoria  812 Wharf Street  Victoria, B.C.  Phone: 1-800-663-3883  Email: info@tourismvictoria.com  Hours of Operation: 8:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m About Victoria Contact Us Corporate Information Careers Sitemap Privacy Policy Corporate Awards  Get advice from real travelers for your Victoria vacation!   Languages:   2012 Tourism Victoria. All rights reserved.   