   Home Subscribe to an RSS feed News Ipso Facto Supreme Court Watch Being Green PittMAP: Around the World in 120 Days Sports Bob Smizik's Blog Fantasy Factor Heads In The Game The Starting Line Arts, Entertainment, Living Tuned In Game Guy Get Rhythm 6 Degrees OnStage BlueNotes Menus That Save Travels Without Charley Clutch: Get a Hold of Style Opinion Feel Like Going On The Radical Middle Post-Gazette.com News Local Sports Living AE Business Opinion Multimedia Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Home Arts, Entertainment, Living Tuned In TV QA: 'Hell on Wheels,' 'Top Gear' and local TV news  TV QA: Hell on Wheels, Top Gear and local TV news Friday, 12 July 2013 09:30 AM Written by Rob Owen  Print Email Click here for a link to headlines of recent TV news and views posts. TV QA with Rob Owen Submit a question to TV QA by clicking here. This week's TV QA (after the "Read more" jump below) responds to questions about “Hell on Wheels,” “Top Gear” and local news. As always, thanks for reading and keep the questions coming. - Rob Owen, Post-Gazette TV writer Q: I am a subscriber to the Toledo Blade and in the Peach section of Tuesday's Blade, there appeared a small paragraph stating that the success of the miniseries “The Bible” has prompted another miniseries titled "Beyond the Bible." What a wonderful story to look forward.Only one small detail was missing - when?Nothing was mentioned as to the date and time of the series.I'm sure many viewers are wondering the same thing. Help! - Pat, Toledo Rob: That information was not included because it's simply unknowable; they have to make the show first. When a program is announced it's a long way from airing. It could be next year or maybe not until the year after. Or it may never happen at all. Many programs have been announced with fanfare and then fall apart. If/when “The Bible” follow-up is scheduled, I'm sure we will report it. Q: I was surprised to learn that "666 Park Avenue" has returned to ABC, after it had been canceled.I am a fan of this show. Hopefully, ABC will decide to return "Red Widow." - Janet, Morningside Rob: In May we reported ABC would burn off unaired episodes and that is what they are doing.No new episodes will be produced. All the "Red Widow" episodes aired so it won't be back. Q: Is the American “Top Gear” coming back? - Randy via Facebook Rob: A new season is in production but an air date has not been set. Q: Since I am a Dish Network subscriber I missed all of “Hell On Wheels” last season during the period that AMC was not carried by Dish. Does AMC plan to replay last season before the new season begins? - Paul, Fridley, Minn. Rob: An AMC publicist says a “Hell on Wheels” marathon airs this weekend with season one airing Saturday and season two airing Sunday. However, when I did a search of the TV listings, “Hell on Wheels” does not show up as airing this weekend. A marathon is also scheduled for season one on Aug. 3, 9 a.m.-7 p.m., and season two on Aug. 10, 11 a.m.-9 p.m., leading into the season three premiere that night at 9. Q: Can you tell me why ABC,CBS andNBC do not have any good programs on Saturdays nights? There are people that watch TV that night. - Sheila, 71, Layton ,Utah Rob: There are people who watch television that night and AMC’s decision to shift “Hell on Wheels” to Saturdays in its upcoming season shows that some networks want to take advantage of the broadcast networks’ abdication of programming Saturday prime time. But so far, ABC, CBS and NBC don’t seem interested in offering new shows on Saturday, instead relying on reruns and sports. It wasn’t always this way. I can recall watching “The Golden Girls” on Saturday night on NBC in the 1980s and in the 1970s CBS’s aired “The Carol Burnett Show” and “The Mary Tyler Moore Show” on Saturday. That started to change in the late 1990s. ABC made Saturday a movie night in 1999 and NBC followed suit in 2000. CBS held on with original scripted series until Fall 2004 when it switched to drama reruns on Saturday. The reason for the change is simple: Networks cater to advertisers and advertisers won’t pay premium rates for shows that draw few younger viewers. Saturday programming doesn’t seem to draw younger viewers anymore. From there it’s a little bit of chicken and the egg: Did the networks give up on Saturday because younger viewers weren’t watching or did younger viewers stop watching when the networks gave up on Saturday? I think probably it was a bit of both: Younger viewers were not watching in large numbers and then when the networks gave up on the night, even fewer younger viewers tuned in on Saturday night. Q: I’m writing again about “Doc Martin,” which I think is a hoot and an absolutely stunning location.Willthere be another series?It ended on such a sad note.And how many series are there altogether? - Jean, 75, Lower Burrell Rob: Five season’s worth of episode of “Doc Martin” have been produced. It appears a sixth and possibly final season is in production . “We're thrilled with audience response to ‘Doc Martin’ and want to remind people that we must purchase this program separately, since it is not part of the PBS lineup. Viewer contributions are critical to keeping programs like this on the air,” wrote WQED senior director of corporate communications George Hazimanolis in response to Jean’s question. “We just finished airing season three and will begin season four onSaturday, July 20, followed by season five. We also expect to air season six when it becomes available sometime in the spring.We have not received word on whether season 6 will be the final season.” Q: After coming back for a short time, I've again given up on local news out of frustration. Does every newscast have to begin with the weather? I know viewers like to know if it's going to rain in the next few days, but we don't need a lesson in meteorology every day! Some stations must have more meteorologists on staff than investigative reporters. What an informed citizenry we would have if the news went into as much detail about politics and government, the sciences, social issues, or, God forbid, the arts! I would love to see one local channel give a weather forecast in one minute and devote the remaining time to worthwhile issues. - Norma, 60, Squirrel Hill Rob: I’m pretty sure every local channel has more forecasters than investigative reporters. Weather is what viewers want and what they will watch. Where once upon a time local news outlets saw themselves as a public service that would give viewers what they need to be “an informed citizenry,” those days are long gone. Now it’s just about the bottom line. So stations program their newscasts based on what will get ratings and weather is most likely to do that. In some sense, viewers may be getting the newscast they deserve based on their own viewing habits. PROGRAMMING UPDATE A few months ago a viewer wanted to know if AMC will re-air all of last summer’s 8-episode season of “Breaking Bad.” Those episodes will air in a marathon leading up to the premiere of new episodes on Aug. 11. The marathon begins at 12:30 p.m. Aug. 11 (each episode is 64 minutes long, which is why it begins on the half-hour so the new episode can premiere at the top of the hour at 9 p.m.). More in this category:  Tuned In podcast: 'Dexter,' 'Defiance,' 'Drunk History' 'Glee' star Cory Monteith dies  back to top P-G TV writer Rob Owen blogs about television and the TV industry. Follow Tuned In Rob on Facebook @RobOwenTV Feed This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. "> This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Favorite sites TV Tattle Deadline Hollywood Daily Metacritic TV Tuned In Journal archive TIJ Archives May 2006-June 2008 Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS SHOPPING CARS REAL ESTATE PG Store CONTESTS Contact Us Site Map Media Kit 34 Allies About Us Corrections RSS Feeds Technical Help? Products & Services PG Sites: PG+ Pipeline Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sports Town Pittsburgh Mom Pittsburgh Rides The Digs Special Projects PG Plate Social Media: Twitter: News Customer Care Facebook Pinterest TumblrYoutube Google+ Print: Home Delivery Rates Back Copies Newsstand Electronic: PGe Press Copyright 1997  2013 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Page generated in: 0.0206 Page generated in: 0.0207Copyright 1997  2013 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms of Use Privacy Policy  