Advertisement  Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad  HOME Breaking Photos Video Crime Obituaries Weather Traffic Crosswords Sudoku Horoscopes Apps  Local L.A. Now Politics Crime Education O.C. Westside Neighborhoods Environment Data & Maps Local Plus  U.S. Politics Nation Now Politics Now Top of the Ticket Science Science Now Obituaries Religion  World World Now Afghanistan war Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East  Business Money & Co. Technology Highway 1 Company Town Personal Finance Jobs Real Estate Cars Business Plus  Sports Sports now Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels NFL Kings NHL/Ducks USC UCLA Preps Scores  Entertainment Awards: The Envelope Movies TV Music Celebrity Arts & Culture Industry Critics' Picks Ent Plus  Health Science Now Medicine Fitness & Nutrition Mental Health Health Reform Mind & Body Health Plus  Style Home Food Fashion Books L.A. Affairs Comics Reader Photos Summer Guide Living Plus  Travel SoCal California Mexico Hawaii Las Vegas Europe Asia Australia Travel & Deal Blog Travel Plus  Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters Opinion L.A. Top of the Ticket Readers' Rep  Shop Daily Deals Travel Offers Coupons Weekly Circulars Offers & Deals Sports Gear LA Times Product See More  Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad   YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home  Collections  Car Culture IN THE NEWS Car Culture MORE STORIES ABOUT: Trends Business Lifestyles Automobiles Art | More FEATURED ARTICLES NEWS Petersen Automotive Museum takes a major detour July 16, 2013 | By Jerry Hirsch One by one, in auctions across the country, some of the world's most collectible cars are quietly passing from the Petersen Automotive Museum's vault into private hands. The sales started in March, and they include the automotive equivalents of a Pablo Picasso or a Salvador Dali. A 1995 Ferrari F50 went for $1.375 million. A 2006 Bugatti Veyron - the first sold in the U.S. - fetched $924,000. A 1990 Ferrari F40 garnered $715,000. Before the auctions end, the museum plans to liquidate nearly a third of its cache of about 400 classic cars. ARTICLES BY DATE OPINION Letters: Southern California's car museum July 23, 2013 Re "Petersen taking its own road in selling holdings," July 20 As a scholar and teacher of Southern California's history, and one with a penchant for what we in the trade call "material culture," I have been dismayed about the news of the Petersen Automotive Museum's shift away from the car culture of the region to a broader perspective on automotive design and technology. The institution's emphasis on Southern California has made it a great place for students to experience the unique ways the region's distinctive culture has been expressed over time. Advertisement NEWS Fashion : Purse on Wheels--L.A. Style August 16, 1989 | ANNE BOGART In Paris, women clutch flirtatious little Chanel bags, so small they hold next to nothing. In New York, they take the opposite tack, lugging mega-tote bags that bend their backs into Quasimodo crouches, so they can keep their subway reading, gym clothes and other such sundries close at hand. But in Los Angeles, women breeze around town carrying nothing except a set of keys. That's because the quintessential California purse comes with four wheels and a trunk. AUTOS Petersen's auctions of its cars violate most museums' standards July 19, 2013 | By Jerry Hirsch, This article has been corrected, as indicated below. In the world of museums, selling off pieces of a collection is undertaken with great care, often prior public notice, and the singular goal of raising money to improve the collection. A Rembrandt might be sold, for instance, to expand a collection of other Dutch masters from the era. The Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles is taking a different tack: unloading more than 100 rare and often historically important cars, in under-the-radar auctions, to finance a dramatic renovation of its building. AUTOS Petersen's auctions of its cars violate most museums' standards July 19, 2013 | By Jerry Hirsch, This article has been corrected, as indicated below. In the world of museums, selling off pieces of a collection is undertaken with great care, often prior public notice, and the singular goal of raising money to improve the collection. A Rembrandt might be sold, for instance, to expand a collection of other Dutch masters from the era. The Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles is taking a different tack: unloading more than 100 rare and often historically important cars, in under-the-radar auctions, to finance a dramatic renovation of its building. NEWS Car Culture May 10, 2000 The Automobile Club of Southern California will sponsor an exhibition of vintage outdoor camping trailers and equipment June 10 at Hearst Castle in San Simeon. The Auto Club, in the midst of a yearlong centennial celebration, has been instrumental in promoting travel and tourism since its first maps were issued in 1908. The exhibition will feature photographs from club archives on early camping gear and two vintage camping trailers. AUTOS Overseas customers are buying a slice of California car culture May 27, 2013 | By Ronald D. White The sales folks at World Motorsports of Torrance, K Engineering Inc. of Riverside and Injen Technology Co. of Pomona knew how popular their performance enhancing products can be with buyers in the U.S. What they didn't know was just how interested buyers would be in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, China, Vietnam, and even Mongolia. Turns out those foreign buyers were very eager for some California car culture. "China has become one of our fastest growing markets," said Kevin Floody, international business manager for K, which makes high-performance air intake kits, air filters, oil filters and more. AUTOS Exporting California car culture and goods to Dubai and beyond March 6, 2013 | By Ronald D. White Representatives from 11 specialty auto car equipment companies based in California are traveling to Dubai this weekend, hoping to export some of the state's signature car culture products to new markets in the Middle East. Most of the companies are manufacturers of specialty equipment designed to boost the performance of stock cars, trucks and sport utility vehicles. Some of the products enhance the experience of owning a car. Others help protect them. The companies are Coverking, located in Anaheim, EBay Motors of San Jose, Gibson Performance Exhaust of Corona, Injen Technology of Pomona K Engineering Inc. of Riverside, and McLeod Racing of Placentia. ENTERTAINMENT Car Culture Without Driving Narrative November 22, 1992 | NANCY KAPITANOFF, Nancy Kapitanoff writes regularly about art for The Times There is something reassuring about Michael Chapman's paintings and watercolors on view at Tatistcheff Gallery. Maybe it's because they depict ordinary things for which many of us hold fond associations: old-fashioned cars and lampposts, toy trains and boats, cute little dogs. Yet, at the same time, there is a noir quality to these highly stylized, spare landscapes and interior scenes that makes them all the more enticing. "They seem authentic. AUTOS Feting the art of state's car culture April 18, 2007 The 2007 Rodeo Drive Concours d'Elegance on June 17 will honor "Cars of California," celebrating the art of the state's car culture and elite design, with vehicles exemplifying the spirit of California in some way. More than 100 private owners are expected to exhibit their vehicles, from convertibles to woodies. The Father's Day event will also honor Fisker Coachbuild, known for creating one-of-a-kind coach-built cars. Among the cars on hand will be the Latigo CS V10. NEWS Petersen Automotive Museum takes a major detour July 16, 2013 | By Jerry Hirsch One by one, in auctions across the country, some of the world's most collectible cars are quietly passing from the Petersen Automotive Museum's vault into private hands. The sales started in March, and they include the automotive equivalents of a Pablo Picasso or a Salvador Dali. A 1995 Ferrari F50 went for $1.375 million. A 2006 Bugatti Veyron - the first sold in the U.S. - fetched $924,000. A 1990 Ferrari F40 garnered $715,000. Before the auctions end, the museum plans to liquidate nearly a third of its cache of about 400 classic cars. BUSINESS For this Southern California chauffeur service, bring your own car July 9, 2013 | By Adolfo Flores Honeybee Hyatt slides into her 2013 Cadillac Escalade, giddy for a night on the town. With its white leather seats, seven-spoke wheels and rear-view cameras, it's the ultimate in sport utility vehicles. But this time Hyatt doesn't want to drive it. Her chauffeur for the night is Josef Wojtkow, the owner of Your Car Our Driver, one of a handful of Southern California companies that will drive you in your own car. They are an offshoot of traditional chauffeur services, giving clients with high-end vehicles all the perks of a driver but without the limo or town car. In Southern California, where image is everything and car culture rules, wealthy folks such as Hyatt are revving up a cottage industry catering to people who don't want a full-time driver, but who need rides to the airport, say, or in this case, a concert. AUTOS Overseas customers are buying a slice of California car culture May 27, 2013 | By Ronald D. White The sales folks at World Motorsports of Torrance, K Engineering Inc. of Riverside and Injen Technology Co. of Pomona knew how popular their performance enhancing products can be with buyers in the U.S. What they didn't know was just how interested buyers would be in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, China, Vietnam, and even Mongolia. Turns out those foreign buyers were very eager for some California car culture. "China has become one of our fastest growing markets," said Kevin Floody, international business manager for K, which makes high-performance air intake kits, air filters, oil filters and more. CALIFORNIA | LOCAL Pedicabs are finding a place in the Southland transportation mix May 26, 2013 | By Matt Stevens and Marisa Gerber, Los Angeles Times The capital of car culture is increasingly making room for bicycles. A neon-green pathway runs down downtown's Spring Street, begging drivers to pay attention to cyclists. Hundreds of miles of less-flashy lanes are spreading across the region. And in April, about 150,000 bikers swarmed Venice Boulevard for the largest-ever CicLAvia. Now the next big thing in bikes is slowly riding in on three wheels. Pedicabs will hit the streets of Santa Monica this summer, and city officials hope the service will offer people on bustling Main Street a way to get around without their cars. CALIFORNIA | LOCAL 100,000 expected Sunday as CicLAvia rolls through L.A. to the sea April 20, 2013 | By Mike Anton Ladies and gentlemen, don't start your engines… On Sunday, a city heralded for its car culture will turn its attention to bicycles as some 100,000 people hit the streets of Los Angeles for the sixth CicLAvia, an event that invites people to see the city from a different perspective. Fifteen miles of streets from downtown to Venice will be closed to motorized vehicles. A map of the route showing crossings open to cars is at www.CicLAvia.org . Between 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. the bicycle will be kind of the road. ENTERTAINMENT Review: L.A.'s satisfying sprawl April 18, 2013 | By Christopher Hawthorne, Los Angeles Times Architecture Critic Architecture exhibitions are notoriously tricky to pull off. It's hard to squeeze a whole building inside a museum, after all. And the number of forces that shape any piece of architecture - engineering, politics and money, to begin with - make it impossible to say with perfect clarity how a building came to be or what it means. Broaden the scope to the architectural history of an entire city or region and you begin to approach head-spinning levels of complexity, not to mention a nearly endless list of possible story lines, heroes, villains and pivotal landmarks. OPINION Reflections of a car culture refugee October 1, 2006 | Amanda Podany, AMANDA PODANY is a professor of history at Cal Poly Pomona. LONDON, WHEN I lived there, smelled of wet concrete, diesel fumes and fish and chips. My neighborhood now smells of cut grass, alyssum, jasmine and just the faintest whiff of creosote. Only walkers know this, of course. If you drive through in your car, you don't notice the smells. There's a lot you don't notice. The flock of green feral parrots, for example, hooting as they loop from one palm tree to another. MAGAZINE A Guide to the Best of Southern California : CAR CULTURE : The Art of the Ferrari June 17, 1990 | PAUL DEAN and Hollywood Sport Cars, 5766 Hollywood Blvd., Hollywood; (213) 464-6161. A BOUQUET OF IRISES sells for $20. A Van Gogh painting of the same flowers will run you about $50 million. Exorbitant, yes, but at least in commercial and artistic sequence. Of inverse order is "Three Decades of Ferrari," an art show hosted by Hollywood Sport Cars (through June 24). Prints of a Harold Cleworth acrylic of a Ferrari 250 GTO will be offered at a mere $300 apiece--while the real thing, a 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO, currently valued for between $10 million and $15 million. 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next ENTERTAINMENT Hot Rod Homecoming at Pomona Fairplex March 21, 2013 Hot Rod Homecoming is a love letter to the pompadoured car culture of SoCal. Gas your finest Impalas for a full slate of classic-car events and showcases celebrating Hot Rod Magazine's 65th anniversary of paying homage to chrome and tail fins. Pomona Fairplex, 1101 W McKinley Ave., Pomona. Sat.-Sun. Hotrod.com . AUTOS Ford is recalling 230,000 older minivans for corrosion problem March 7, 2013 | By Ronald D. White Ford Motor Co. has announced a recall of some 230,000 older minivans in the U.S. and other countries to fix a corrosion problem that could prevent the fold-down third-row seats from locking in place. The automaker says the recall in the U.S. includes 196,500 Ford Freestar and Mercury Monterey minivans from model years 2004 through 2007. The U.S. recall only involves minivans that were sold and registered in the 20 so-called salt-belt states and the District of Columbia, where salt is regularly applied to roads during the colder months to impede icing. 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | Next Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times Terms of Service | Privacy Policy SiteCatalyst code version: H.1.Copyright 1997-2005 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  