 Powered by PEER 1 Game Directory # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Login Register SpawnPoint - Where Game Begins SpawnPoint  Home PC Browse PC Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All PC Games  PC News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All PC News and Editorial  Browse PC Downloads Game Clients Game Demos Free2Play MMO Full Games All PC Downloads  Browse PC Videos Movies Trailers All PC Videos  XBOX 360 Browse 360 Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All 360 Games  XBOX 360 News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All XBOX 360 News and Editorials  Browse XBOX 360 Downloads Trailers Patches Game Movies All XBOX 360 Downloads  Browse 360 Videos Movies Trailers All 360 Videos  Wii Browse Wii Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All Wii Games  Wii News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All Wii News and Editorial  Browse Wii Downloads Trailers Patches Game Movies All Wii Downloads  Browse Wii Videos Movies Trailers All Wii Videos  PS3 Browse PS3 Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All PS3 Games  PS3 News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All PS3 News and Editorial  Browse PS3 Downloads Game Guides Utilities All PS3 Downloads  Browse PS3 Videos Movies Trailers All PS3 Videos  PS2 Browse PS2 Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All PS2 Games  PS2 News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All PS2 News and Editorial  Browse PS2 Downloads Full Games Game Demos All PS2 Downloads  Browse PS2 Videos Movies Trailers All PS2 Videos  DS Browse DS Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All DS Games  DS News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All DS News and Editorial  Browse DS Downloads Game Demos Full Games All DS Downloads  Browse DS Videos Movies Trailers All DS Videos  PSP Browse PSP Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All PSP Games  PSP News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All PSP News and Editorial  Browse PSP Downloads Trailers Game Demos All PSP Downloads  Browse PSP Videos Movies Trailers All PSP Videos  Mobile Browse Mobile Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All Mobile Games  Mobile News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All Mobile News and Editorial  Browse Mobile Downloads Apps Full Games All Mobile Downloads  Browse Mobile Videos Movies Trailers All Mobile Videos  Mac Browse Mac Games Popular Games Games Coming Soon All Mac Games  Mac News and Editorial Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants All Mac News and Editorial  Browse Mac Downloads Game Clients Game Demos Free2Play MMO Full Games All Mac Downloads  Browse Mac Videos Movies Trailers All Mac Videos  Downloads Videos News Press Releases Reviews Featured Previews Editorials Rants Blogs Giveaways All News and Editorial  Forums Servers Groups  PC Auto Cross Racing Auto Cross Racing Auto Cross Racing is a racinggame with a dynamic birds eye view. The aim of th 0 comments 0 favorites Game Info Game Name: Auto Cross Racing Platform: PC Publisher(s): Slave Circus Entertainment Developer(s): KJM Software Genre(s): Racing Release Date: Available Now: Mar 3, 2008 ESRB: Platforms PC Overview Home News Blogs Screenshots Videos Downloads Auto Cross Racing Auto Cross Racing is a racinggame with a dynamic birds eye view. The aim of the game is to unlock each successive track by finishing in the top 3 places of the previous race. You'll be able to race for the championship trophy on the last track once all the previous 9 tracks are unlocked. Cash is earned as each race is completed and new cars will become available for purchase, as each new track is unlocked. Each successive car delivers superior performance than the previous. In order to stand a fighting chance against the increasing levels of difficulty of more competitive cars and tracks you will need to upgrade for higher performance.Features: - Advanced Pacejka based car physics allowing for controlled skids, powerslides and drifting - Unlock new tracks and cars by winning races - Earn cash by winning races and purchase any of the 20 available cars - User controlled in game difficulty settings - 20 AI controlled opponents to race against often allowing for multiple pile ups - Different road surfaces ranging from tarmac, mud, snow and ice to desert - 10 different tracks, containing multiple routes, so choosing the best route is vital in shaving seconds off your lap times - Nitro boost in order to accelerate past your opponent's - Each car has its own unique sound effects - Real-time car damage - In game pit stops for both AI and player cars, allowing for repairs and nitro top ups - Toggle in game mini map - Choose the number of laps to race. 1 - 99 - 6 camera types ( fixed and rotational ) with variable height adjustment and auto zoom - Play your own in game music by placing your favorite music files into the in game MUSIC folder ( mp3, wav ) - Customizable Keys and Joystick support - This product is suitable to children of all ages.System Requirements:Processor: 450Mhz Memory: 64Mb.Videocard: 3D video card 32Mb.Soundcard: Basic sound card.Harddisk: 40Mb (minimum).OS: Windows 98, 2000, XP and Vista.This game required Directx 8.1 or higher.At A Glance:Title: Auto Cross RacingGenre: 2D RacingMedia: (1) PC CD-ROMRelease Date: March 3rd 2008.Rating: Kids to AdultsAges: All AgesPlatform: Windows 98, 2000, XP, Vista. Auto Cross Racing Auto Cross Racing is a racinggame with a dynamic birds eye view. The aim of the game is to unlock each successive track by finishing in the top 3 places of the previous race. You'll be able to race for the championship trophy on the last track once all the previous 9 tracks are unlocked. Cash is earned as each race is completed and new cars will become available for purchase, as each new track is unlocked. Each successive car delivers superior performance than the previous. In order to stand a fighting chance against the increasing levels of difficulty of more competitive cars and tracks you will need to upgrade for higher performance. Features: - Advanced Pacejka based car physics allowing for controlled skids, powerslides and drifting - Unlock new tracks and cars by winning races - Earn cash by winning races and purchase any of the 20 available cars - User controlled in game difficulty settings - 20 AI controlled opponents to race against often allowing for multiple pile ups - Different road surfaces ranging from tarmac, mud, snow and ice to desert - 10 different tracks, containing multiple routes, so choosing the best route is vital in shaving seconds off your lap times - Nitro boost in order to accelerate past your opponent's - Each car has its own unique sound effects - Real-time car damage - In game pit stops for both AI and player cars, allowing for repairs and nitro top ups - Toggle in game mini map - Choose the number of laps to race. 1 - 99 - 6 camera types ( fixed and rotational ) with variable height adjustment and auto zoom - Play your own in game music by placing your favorite music files into the in game MUSIC folder ( mp3, wav ) - Customizable Keys and Joystick support - This product is suitable to children of all ages. System Requirements: Processor: 450Mhz Memory: 64Mb. Videocard: 3D video card 32Mb. Soundcard: Basic sound card. Harddisk: 40Mb (minimum). OS: Windows 98, 2000, XP and Vista. This game required Directx 8.1 or higher. At A Glance: Title: Auto Cross Racing Genre: 2D Racing Media: (1) PC CD-ROM Release Date: March 3rd 2008. Rating: Kids to Adults Ages: All Ages Platform: Windows 98, 2000, XP, Vista. Comments There are currently no comments on this game. Comment on Auto Cross Racing Join SpawnPoint for free to comment on this story. Have an account already? Login to comment. Add Game to Favorites  Games | News | Downloads | Videos | Forums | Blogs | Groups | Servers  Top Downloads Perfect World - Full Game Client v1.26 | War Rock - Client Install Retired | Twelve Sky - Game Client | War Rock - Game Client Install | World of Warcraft - Full Trial Version | Counter-Strike 1.5 Full Mod Client [Win32] | Shaiya - Game Client | Project Torque - Game Client | Last Chaos - Latest Full Client | Rakion - Latino Client Ver498 | Network Sites PHXX Gaming Services | Dedicated Servers | Dedicated Game Servers | Managed Hosting | Share Files Online About Us | Advertise on SpawnPoint | Logos and Media | Jobs RSS Feed | Facebook Group | Twitter | Steam Community | Flickr SPAWNPOINT and other related trademarks used are under license by PHXX, LLC and its related affiliates.  2010 PHXX Gaming Services LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use  X Login Username Password Remember Me Forgot Password? | Switch to Signup X Cancel  Other State Reason:  Register X Register Email* Confirm Email* Username* Password* Confirm Password* Security Question* What is your Mothers First Name? What is the name of your favorite Game? What is the name of your favorite Pet? In what City or Town were you born? What is your most memorable word? In what year did you have your 10th Birthday? Security Answer*  Birthday*   March  April    28  29    1980  1981   Mailing List Subscribe to SpawnPoint mailing list. Terms of Service I agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Human Verification new one?  Please enter in the textbox below the characters in the image above: Fields marked with * are required. Forgot Password? |  Switch to Login Please wait ... your order is being processed 