     Art Gallery Events 12|13  Location: Library First Floor 2013 Student Art Exhibit June 13 Sept. 2013 Matt Jackson,  Maryann Rachford, Mike HillmanCurators ATTENTION STUDENTS THERE ARE THREE IMPORTANT CHANGES TO MUSIC CLASSES EFFECTIVE FALL 2013 Music course numbers have changed (example: MUS 112 Music Fundamentals is now MUSE 100) Music courses are now grouped into families . While at Citrus, a student may not take more than four courses from any one family. All courses at Citrus are no longer repeatable, which means a student can only take a course ONCE . INSTRUMENTAL AND COMMERCIAL MUSIC ENSEMBLES 2013 Fall Semester Interview/Audition/ Skill Assessment Information ATTENTION STUDENTS THERE ARE IMPORTANT CHANGES TO THEATRE CLASSES EFFECTIVE FALL 2013 See the Theatre Course Families listing. While at Citrus, a student may not take more than four courses from any one family. Oscar-Winning Film Music Citrus Fine  Performing Arts The annual showcase of student work features video projections, student actors and singers, the Citrus Sierra Wind Symphony, and symphonic sound. Oct 18 @ 8pm, Oct 19 @ 2pm For Tickets, look at HaughPac.com or call 626.963.9411. Emerging American Voices This workshop presentation showcases original works by Citrus College students in an intimate setting. Oct 19 @ 8pm, Oct 20 @ 2pm For Tickets, look at HaughPac.com or call 626.963.9411.  Welcome  to Citrus College and the Fine  Performing   Arts Division. Our mission is to educate,  train and develop students to excel in  the world of arts  entertainment. Support Citrus Fine and Performing Arts  Student Scholarships Developing the artist in our  students is the primary foundation of our curriculum.  Whether your goal as a prospective new student  is to be an educator, artist or performer, Citrus  College offers you exceptional training and unprecedented  access to industry professionals. While youre  visiting our home on the web, imagine yourself  in a collaborative environment where you work  with other students, faculty and guest artists  to produce art exhibitions, animation projects,  theater  musical productions, concerts, and  professional film and music recordings. Utilizing  equipment and facilities that meet or exceed industry  standards, our students consistently deliver exceptional  and often award winning performances, art projects  and media productions. Located 30 miles from Los Angeles in  Glendora, California Citrus Colleges beautiful  campus and surrounding community provide a safe and enriched  environment for young artists. Recognized as an international  leader in art, performance and media education, each year  Citrus College hosts hundreds of international students  in a series of workshops including Event Planning, Film  Scoring, Recording Engineering, Sound Design, Live Sound  and Theatrical  Lighting Design. Again enjoy your visit and dont hesitate to email  our faculty or staff if we can be of further assistance. Robert Slack  Dean, Fine and Performing Arts   Protools And Audio Recording Basics  Get a head start on learning the industry standard audio recording software, ProTools from Avid. As an Avid sponsored school, we will offer one 2-week block of intensive classes in ProTools and audio recording basics. The class will focus on the basic structure and operation of the software in a multi-track recording studio environment. You will have the opportunity to learn miking of the drum kit as well as tracking and mixing a full session. This class is also a great jump-start into the Citrus Recording Technology Program or just a between semester refresher.See Continuing Education Site for Details... SUMMER ACTING INTENSIVE FOR HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS A challenging theatre arts program, which stimulates the student's imagination and excites their passion for training. Course includes acting techniques, movement, voice, speech and scene study with a final showcase performance on July 25th at 7:00pm! For more information... Contact Us | Citrus College 1000 W Foothill Blvd  Glendora, CA 91741  626.914.8580  Fax 626.914.8582  Email       