 Right now Today's high Today's low   Full weather report Full traffic report  Full markets report   Entertainment  Weather Traffic Markets  Go Skip to Main Window News Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Golf High School Kings Lakers Motorsports UCLA USC Business Real Estate Technology Entertainment Calendar California Lottery Results Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Home + Garden Travel Obituaries Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Special Reports Blogs Christopher Dorner Dorothy's Journey Hinkley Revisited Special Sections Marketplace Autos Classified Directory Homes Jobs Place An Ad Shopping Top Workplaces Tools Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Mobile Alerts Local Ads Contact us Hot Topics: More entertainment news on LA.COM  In Other News Award shows MTV VMAs: Lady Gaga booed? Miley Cyrus disappoints but N SYNC thrills 18 hrs ago Celebrity relationships Jenny McCarthy dating Donnie Wahlberg 2 hrs ago Art galleries Bargain Hunter: California Lutheran University art faculty kicks off the fall season with a free art show, now through Oct. 4. 3 hrs ago Concerts Pepper will sample new album as headliners of Shoreline Jam in Long Beach 3 hrs ago Books and literature Bargain Hunter: Woodland Hills Librarys quarterly book sale is Aug. 29-31 3 hrs ago Latest blogs VERNOR'S TICKET: Genre mold is altered in Youre Next BEER GOGGLES: California Beer Festival returns to San Dimas September 7 BEER GOGGLES: On tap this weekend: Avocado and Fennel Ale WORDS AND MUSIC: CLASSIC ROCK: Winery Dogs ready to toast success BEER GOGGLES: Ooowee Baby, Won’t You Let me Take you on a Beer Cruise? Home â†’ Entertainment Selena Gomez, Ethan Hawke rev careers and engines in new movie Getaway Its been quite a year for the stars of the new movie Getaway. Before she turned 21 last month, Selena Gomez hit No. 1 on the charts with her first solo album, Stars Dance, and its single, Come and ... By Bob Strauss | 2 hrs ago FYF Festival in L.A. grows up, gets bigger and better FYF Festival hasnt hit its teens yet, but the 10th annual festival showed that its grown up and is ready to join the big boys in the Southern California music festival scene. FYF Festival rocked the Los Angeles Historic Park over the wee... By Mariecar Mendoza | 18 hrs ago Radio programs Radio listeners prefer familiarity rather than new tunes Reviews Moroccan and Mediterranean in downtown Long Beach East Village Arts District Pop music Singer Gavin DeGraw performs in midair on Southwest Airlines flight MOST RECENT STORIES Obituaries Star Wars cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies at 99 LONDON  Gilbert Taylor was a master of black and white and a master of different universes. Taylor, the influential Star Wars cinematographer who worked on a number of stellar films, died Aug. 23 at the age of 99, according to the British Society of Cinematographers. Dee Taylor, his wife, told the BBC News that her husband died at their home on the Isle of Wight off the south coast of England. Taylor, a founding member of the cinematographers... By The Associated Press | 6 hrs ago Arts and entertainment Kate Gosselin sues ex over book, alleges hacking PHILADELPHIA  Former reality TV star Kate Gosselin filed a lawsuit Monday accusing her ex-husband of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer to get material for a tell-all book. Jon Gosselin accessed email, bank accounts and other private information for a book called Kate Gosselin: How She Fooled the World, according to the federal lawsuit. The 2012 book was written by Jon Gosselins friend and business partner, tabloid... Maryclaire Dale, Associated Press | 1 day ago Fairs and festivals Long Beach to say aloha to E Hula Mau Take a trip to the Hawaiian islands this Labor Day weekend by experiencing E Hula Mau, a three-day cultural event taking place in Long Beach. The festival will include entertainment, shopping, arts and crafts, food, lectures and workshops, but the highlight of E Hula Mau is the dance and chant competitions featuring halau (dance schools) from throughout California and Nevada. Having a competition in Southern California has allowed me to be able to compete every year and... Michelle Mills | 17 hrs ago Music awards Justin Timberlake, N Sync take over MTVs VMAs NEW YORK (AP)  Miley Cyrus foam finger, Lady Gagas thong, Taylor Swifts mean streak and the look on Rihannas face while Drake performed will surely be remembered, but these MTV Video Music Awards belonged to Justin Timberlake. Timberlake briefly reunited with N Sync, won moonman trophies including top honor video of the year for Mirrors plus the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award and managed to overshadow most of... CHRIS TALBOTTAP Music Writers | 1 day ago Public art City to consider allowing murals on single-family homes Murals are part of Los Angeles history, found in the alleyways of Venice or on the sides of Eastside bodegas. With political and cultural references, murals are frequently markers that bind communities. But now, murals are caught up in a battle involving property values, art, and personal taste. As part of a new overall mural ordinance, the city is weighing a law that would allow murals on single-family residences. Under the proposed law, homeowners could paint images on... Dakota Smith | 1 day ago Box office receipts The Butler serves second week at top of box office with $17 million NEW YORK  Lee Daniels The Butler served up a second helping at the box office, topping the weekend with $17 million according to studio estimates Sunday. That was enough to lead all films on a late August weekend known as a dumping ground for studios following their summer blockbusters and before the start of the fall movie-going season. Daniels historical drama about a long-serving White House butler, starring Forest Whitaker and Oprah Winfrey,... By JAKE COYLEAP Entertainment Writer | 2 days ago Fiction More books from the late J.D. Salinger on the way, biography claims NEW YORK  The authors of a new J.D. Salinger biography are claiming they have cracked one of publishings greatest mysteries: What The Catcher in the Rye novelist was working on during the last half century of his life. Starting between 2015 and 2020, a series of posthumous Salinger releases are planned, according to Salinger, co-written by David Shields and Shane Salerno and scheduled to be published Sept. 3. The Associated Press obtained... By HILLEL ITALIEAP National Writer | 2 days ago Celebrity Julie Harris, Broadway star, dies at 87 NEW YORK (AP)  Julie Harris, one of Broadways most honored performers, whose roles ranged from the flamboyant Sally Bowles in I Am a Camera to the reclusive Emily Dickinson in The Belle of Amherst, died Saturday. She was 87. Harris died at her West Chatham, Mass., home of congestive heart failure, actress and family friend Francesca James said. Harris won five Tony Awards for best actress in a play, displaying a virtuosity that... MARK KENNEDYAP Drama Writer | 2 days ago Celebrity Linda Ronstadt tells AARP she has Parkinsons, can no longer sing LOS ANGELES  Linda Ronstadt says she suffers from Parkinsons disease, which has robbed her ability to sing. The 67-year-old music legend tells AARP Magazine, in an article posted online Friday, that she was diagnosed eight months ago and cant sing a note. Ronstadt says she began to show symptoms as long as eight years ago, but attributed her inability to sing then to a tick disease. When her hands began to tremble, Ronstadt said she thought... Associated Press | 3 days ago Movies Worlds largest IMAX screen installed at TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood Workers started installing the worlds largest IMAX screen at TCL Chinese Theatre, formerly Graumans Chinese Theater, in Hollywood on Friday, Aug. 23, 2013. The Hollywood landmark hosted the premiere of The Wizard of Oz in 1939 and next month will host the films IMAX 3D release, marking the classic movies 75th anniversary. Screenings of The Wizard of Oz will be held at the TCL Chinese Theatre and other local IMAX 3D... By Daily News | 3 days ago    LA Daily News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright  LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map MNG Corporate 