  Kia Cross GT Concept at the 2013 Chicago Auto Show Looks like: Kia turned an Audi A7 into an SUV Defining characteristics: Low-slung design, hybrid drivetrain with electric-only capability, torque-vectoring all-wheel drive Ridiculous features: Rear-hinged second-row doors, hexagon glass inserts in the roof, wool-felt cabin trim Chance of being mass-produced: A Kia full-size crossover is a safe bet, but it might not look like this The Cross GT concept is a full-size crossover SUV that reveals Kias intentions to potentially offer a larger premium CUV than the current Sorento, the automaker said in a statement. Kia points to its sporty four-door GT concept car as the design inspiration for the Cross GT, but the crossover concept — its 8 inches longer, 5 inches wider and 2 inches lower than the Sorento — has its own look. More 2013 Chicago Auto Show Coverage The Cross GTs upright front end gets a version of Kias familiar winged grille as well as impossibly slim headlights. Otherwise, the crossovers front is short on vents of any kind, instead opting for continuous surfaces. Despite its concept status, the Cross GTs overall shape is relatively conventional and doesnt appear far-removed from a potential production version. The concept gets a unique hybrid powertrain that consists of a 3.8-liter V-6 engine, electric motor and an eight-speed automatic transmission. The drivetrain sends power to all four wheels through a torque-vectoring all-wheel-drive system, and Kia claims an all-electric range of 20 miles. The four-seat cabin emphasizes eco-friendly materials like leather upholstery that hasnt been processed with chemicals, reharvested walnut wood trim and wool-felt trim. The cabin also has a number of display screens — one in front for air conditioning, entertainment and other systems and two mounted to the backs of the front seats so rear passengers can access entertainment functions, including the internet. Why youd build such a large crossover — even in concept form — and put just four seats in it doesnt make much sense, but concept cars are usually about the looks.  By Mike Hanley | February 7, 2013 | Comments (0) Tags: 2012 Chicago Auto Show , 2013 Chicago Auto Show , Auto Show , Chicago , Chicago Auto Show , Concept Cars , Kia Previous Next Comments  Post a Comment Please remember a few rules before posting comments: If you don't want people to see your email address, simply type in the URL of your favorite website or leave the field empty. Do not mention specific car dealers by name. Feel free to mention your city, state and brand. Try to be civil to your fellow blog readers. This blog is not a fan or enthusiast forum, it is meant to help people during the car-buying process and during the time between purchases, so shoppers can keep a pulse on the market. Stay on topic. We want to hear your opinions and thoughts, but please only comment about the specified topic in the blog post. view posting rules If you have a TypeKey or TypePad account, please Sign In You are currently signed in as (nobody) . Sign Out Name: Email Address: URL: Remember personal info? Comments:  Close Search Results KickingTires Search Results for Previous | Next Search Kicking Tires  Categories About Us Best Sellers Car Buying Car Gadgets Car Reviews Car Seat Checks Family News Hybrids/Alternative Fuels Incentives In The News Long-Term Test Cars Movers and Losers Multicar Challenges Photo Galleries Recalls Safety Video 2013 New York Auto Show 2013 Chicago Auto Show 2013 Detroit Auto Show 2012 L.A. Auto Show Cars.com Links Research a Vehicle Search for New & Used List Your Vehicle for Sale Read Automotive Advice Read Expert Reviews Review Your Own Car Review Your Dealership Find Cars That Fit Your Life Find Insurance, Parts and More div class="promoTile">   Recent Comments 2014 Kia Soul at the 2013 New York Auto Show by Xsolara Kia's Hamsters Hit the Gym With Lady Gaga by Dee G 2014 Toyota Corolla Starts at $17,610 by Tony 2013 Honda Accord: Explaining The Trim Levels by Ravi Jay // @nycmixing What to Drive to Your High School Reunion by responder Scion xB and xD to Be Discontinued by HikingMike Cars.com Reviews the 2013 Chrysler 200 by skippydog 2014 Toyota Corolla Starts at $17,610 by skippydog Study: Fort Collins, Colo., Has Safest Drivers; D.C. Remains Worst by Scott Bundi Chevy, Buick, GMC Add Two Years of Free Service on New Cars by Jensen Mott Subscribe to our feed Email us your tips! Buy Search for New & Used Cars Build a New Car Find Car Dealers Near You Buscar en Espanol Sell List Your Car for Sale How to Sell Your Car How Much Is Your Car Worth? Frequently Asked Questions Research Research a Specific Car Compare Cars Side-by-Side Read Expert Reviews Find Cars That Match Your Lifestyle Shopping Advice For Buying a Car For Financing a Car Top 10 Car Lists Gas Mileage Lists Cars.com Home | About Cars.com | Employment Opportunities | Become a Cars.com Dealer By using this site, you agree to our terms of service | 2013 Cars.com | Privacy Statement SiteCatalyst code version: H.11.Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  