  Search Home  Arts and Entertainment  Music  New Article Alerts: Would you like to be notified when a new article is added to the Arts and Entertainment: Music category? Email Address: Subscribe Music RSS Feed Top Authors in Music More Arts and Entertainment categories: Arts and Entertainment (10,762) Animation (1,097) Astrology (5,920) Body Piercings (258) Casino Gambling (30,408) Filmmaking and Film Editing (885) Humanities (4,325) Humor (4,218) Movies TV (16,266) Music (40,232) Music Industry (2,955) Music Instruction (6,270) Painting (1,686) Performing Arts (5,147) Philosophy (2,466) Photography (19,803) Poetry (6,042) Short Fiction (984) Tattoos (11,578) Visual Graphic Arts (9,327) Arts and Entertainment: Music Article Category Voice Training for Singing: Technique Vs. Vocal Style - Part 1 by Joshua Alamu So what is vocal style and what is vocal technique? Which vocal technique is the right one and how can you be sure that stylistically you are using your voice well and not damaging your voice? Enphinate: Hip Hop Has a New Name by Ryan A Montgomery Refreshment has been provided in the genre of hip hop with the addition of the extremely talented underground hip hop artist and producer Enphinate (formerly known as Jay C Moola). Due to his complex and intricate style of lyricism and production, Enphinate has quickly made a name for himself as a true heavyweight in the genre of hip hop. Bands Like My Chemical Romance You Need To Know About! by Stanley Groves In a world where studio trickery like auto tune, sound replacement, and electronic programming have become the norm, how do you find real rock music these days? In this article I sift the gold from the sand and give you a list of modern rock bands that you need to know about. First I will give you a brief synopsis of the band followed by a quick description of their signature tune. So here it goes... Creating Famous Modern Music Genres for New Generation of Music Lovers by Atul Khanna It is very easy to love music but selecting between the best music and badly composed music is the real art of understanding music. Further, learning music is an even tougher job. The Top 10 My Chemical Romance Songs You Must Hear Before You Die! by Stanley Groves My Chemical Romance one of the biggest rock sensations of the last decade built an impressive repertoire before their final break up in march 2013. But with over a decades worth of material where do you begin? Here's a list to help get you started. Symphony and Sequenced Synthesis Scaring Sicknesses by Soji Ojeniyi Whether musicologists know for certain what quality of tone, tempo, timbre or texture exclusively holds the secret to musical therapy is a subject of evolving academic debate. What is undoubtedly accurate however is that, like the letters of all therapeutic oracles transmuted into the spirit of practice, its science seems concealed within its art so convolutedly that only the composer, producer, or arranger, really knows the end game that underscores a curative piece of printed music or a sequenced synthesis of a treatment soundtrack. It might even be that what springs the magic which defies definition is the appropriate expression of a skilled performer before a live audience. Here Is Why You Are Unable To Convey Your Emotions Through Your Guitar by T. Hess One of the most powerful skills that you can develop as a guitarist is the ability to fully express your emotions in music and to influence the emotions felt by your listeners when they hear you play guitar. Imagine the fulfillment you will experience when you can pick up the guitar and have the tools to instantly convey any emotion that you feel. Although many guitarists desire this skill badly, most have a very hard time reaching this goal in their guitar playing. Popular Music With the Latest Musical Trends and Genres by Atul Khanna Any music that has a wide appeal and gets distributed to a large audience, either nationally or globally, is termed as popular music. Contemporary music could belong to any type of musical genre. The Best Starter Guitar for Kids by Jacaranda Flagg Learning to play the guitar at an early age puts any kid at an advantage. And to be able to choose the kind of starter guitar may be advantageous but may also be confusing to the kid, which is why an elder figure such as a parent or a sibling should help the kid choose, as there are usually three options open to the beginner: an acoustic, electric or classical guitar; such overwhelming choices as the differences between each are intricate. Below is a guide on the pros and cons of each guitar type. The Guitar: Six Strings, Five Thousand Years of History by Jacaranda Flagg String instruments have been around for thousands of years, dating back to early civilizations. The exact of emergence of the six-stringed guitar is not exactly known, and is practically not essential to learning to play the instrument. Odds are, even the greatest troubadours are not aware of its history. The Anatomy of a Guitar by Jacaranda Flagg A guitar produces such intricate, distinct and rhythmic sounds because of its parts; it is a combination of mechanical and functional precision and fine artistry inherited from past generations of similar string instruments. It is not just a bunch of strings grouped together but tied separately; from its head down to its curvy waist, each part, each string, each notch, each bar represents a significant function in this seemingly common but timeless and essential string instrument. The headstock is located at the top of the guitar. Gliere - Symphony No 2 in C Minor by Alan Beggerow The Russian Revolution of 1917 and the subsequent seizing of power by the Bolsheviks led to a complete change in the Russian way of life. Gone was the old aristocracy (with the execution of Czar Nicholas and his family in 1918) while the communists (in name if not exactly in Marxist theory) made their power felt in the arts as well as every day life. The control of the communists, with lip-service given to the ideals of the revolution, led to the all too-human trait of maintaining power at all costs, created a totalitarian state that was not any better... 2 SECRETS to Learning To Play GUITAR - FOCUS and POSTURE by Dale W Williams The secret of learning to play guitar as a beginner is to focus your practice on the basics that you need to get you to the next level. Focusing your time doing that is your most effective way to get started. How the Top Ten Pop Artists of the 2000's Defined the Decade by Arnaud Laurent The 2000s represent a decisive turning point in pop music. The last vestiges of the 1990s ran their course and gave way to a new wave of pop music. Running parallel to changes in pop music were the undeniable effects of changing social media and communication technology, which rocked the music industry and allowed artists to control their own destiny. These artists are some of the last greats to ride the coattails of the traditional music industry. Let's take a look at the top ten pop artists of the 2000's, and how they changed the face of pop music. Eco Friendly New Age Music by Paul Landry Is it really necessary to package compact discs in plastic casing and print CD booklets with toxic chemical based inks. The answer is no. There are plenty of more sustainable and environmentally friendly alternatives available to record labels and musicians who want to be more more conscious about how they package their music. This article will show you how it can be done. Heavy Metal Music by B Green When Rock n roll took over the world in the 1950's, it opened doors to introduce a transition in the way that music had been seen and enjoyed in society. Not only did the jams make people desire to hear it also made others really want to get on stage and play it. Bikes, Blues and, More Blues by Roy Horne What happens when you are booked as a single for a "family reunion" and three hundred hard core bikers show up? Do your run or stay and play? Information About How to Choose Musical Instruments by Rajot Chakraborty Music is a passion for many people and musical instruments provide people with a means to express their passion, art and creativity. In every culture around the world, music has a very important place and musicians are treated with a lot of respect. Different types of musical instruments are used by musicians across the globe to compose the music of their choice. The field of music continues attracting the attention of people of all ages, who often purchase a variety of musical instruments for personal use. Here, we will discuss a few things, which will help you in choosing the best musical instruments. Three Things To Consider About Guitar Classes Online by Peter J Ho Are you thinking about taking up guitar classes online? Before you commit to a course, there are a few things that you may want to consider first. In this article, I talk about three things you should consider before you sign up for guitar beginners' lessons. Eight Reasons Why God Thinks Music Is Important by Levi Samuels Music is a very important part of our spiritual development. Throughout the Bible God gives us 50 direct commands to sing His praise. Here are 8 reasons why we should do just that. Enphinate: Jay C Moola Has Been Reinvented by Michael Sharard Williams We have only recently heard of the young and talented hip hop artist and producer, Jay C Moola. However, he has opted to change his name from Jay C Moola to Enphinate, stating that it is a more accurate depiction of his style, approach, and intent. My Favorite Types of Music by Edward Genovese When you hear the harmonization of instruments and the rhythm that follows, you will definitely move you body to it. But this only happens if you like that type of music or genre. Persian Music and The Oud by Navid Goldrick This article gives a brief explanation of the history of the Oud in relation to Persian music in ancient times and modern times. It will offer some speculation as to why the Oud disappeared in Iran and how it returned. Is This The Next Great Super Group? by Jeremy T Wright There have been a lot of new supergroups forming in the musical world over the last few years. The Winery Dogs are this year's group. Do they make the cut? Read this article to get my review of their first album. How To Become A Great Guitar Player by T. Hess During my time playing and teaching guitar (20+ years) I have found that there are 5 powerful keys to greatness. Before you can really become a great guitarist, you must have these keys... 8 Reasons to Never to Give Up on Your Dreams of Music Success by Tarandip Rehal It can be very disheartening when you have tried several times to break into the music industry and you feel as though you have failed. There are many reasons why you should never give up on your dreams of having a successful career in music, and these are just a few of them: Everyone needs a passion to keep life exciting. Your music passion is what gives you a spark in life. How to Become a Star in the Music World by Tarandip Rehal So many musicians are looking to make it in the music industry, but many haven't got a clue as to how to make it happen. If you have a real talent, and not just a mediocre one, you may grab the attention of some pretty important people in the music world who can make you a superstar. However, you have to know how to get that attention first. Total Beginner's Guide on Guitars by Jacaranda Flagg To the inexperienced and unenthusiastic musician, all guitars look and sound the same. It is this notion that most guitar buyers, especially beginners, go home with the wrong guitar for them or their loved ones. It's either too big, too small, the strings are too hard to strum or rust easily. Satchmo: A Brief History by Jimmy Maxwell When it comes to the story of New Orleans jazz, it can't be told without acknowledging the greatest performer in the genre, Louis Armstrong. And while Chicago wants to claim the notable... Eydie, A Neighbor From The Bronx by Larry M. Elkin I never met Eydie Gorme, but she was always around when I was growing up. I hope Eydie's family knows that the neighbors are still around, dispersed as they may be, to sympathize with them in their loss. Article List Order: Newest First | Oldest First  Previous 1 2 3 4 5  1,342 Next   EzineArticles.com  2013 SparkNET All Rights Reserved Worldwide About Us FAQ Contact Us Member Benefits Privacy Policy Shop Site Map Blog Training Video Library Advertising Affiliates Cartoons Authors Submit Articles Members Login Premium Membership Expert Authors Endorsements Editorial Guidelines Terms of Service Publishers Follow Us Terms Of Service Ezines / Email Alerts Manage Subscriptions EzineArticles RSS 