  Skip to content Home Breakdown cover Breakdown cover 24/7 roadside assistance, 365 days a year 4 out of 5 cars fixed by the roadside Free access to AA Rewards View options Get a quote Products UK breakdown cover European breakdown cover Business breakdown cover Windscreen repairs Car battery replacement Wrong fuel in your car? Move a car Car accessories Cover for motorbikes Breakdown cover as a gift Help and advice Existing customers Member offers Silver and Gold membership AA Rewards What to do if you break down Wrong fuel  advice Free breakdown app Breaking down in Europe Preventing a breakdown Service, MOT and repair advice Special operations team AA Magazine AA Route Planner Insurance Car insurance Defaqto 5-star rated car insurance cover Named drivers can earn own no-claims Protection against uninsured drivers Enhanced cover for breakdown members Free access to AA Rewards Retrieve a quote Get a quote Products Car insurance Women's car insurance Telematic car insurance Motorcycle insurance Van insurance Learner driver insurance Classic car insurance Short-term car insurance Caravan insurance Home insurance Home emergency response Prestige home insurance Holiday home insurance Travel insurance Life insurance Pet insurance Private healthcare insurance Business insurance Help and advice Access your policy documents Car insurance jargon buster Young drivers' car insurance Student car insurance Car insurance groups Performance car insurance Driving abroad Contents insurance calculator Home plumbing tips Central heating advice British Insurance Premium Index Discounts AA Rewards AA Route Planner Financial services 3 Year Fixed Savings Account Earn up to 2.40% gross/AER fixed On balances of 50,000+ Withdrawal charges apply Find out more Products Savings accounts Life insurance Loans Credit cards Travel currency cards Spend and earn card Legal documents and wills Help and advice Manage your accounts Compare our life insurance Credit card rewards calculator Euro currency calculator AA Route Planner Buy a car Buy a used car With professional advice from industry experts, we aim to make your road to a used car as smooth as possible. Find out more Products Buy a car Short-term car insurance Car insurance Loans Vehicle inspections Move a car Tyres Bodywork repairs Help and advice Buying a new car Buying a used car Choosing your first car Car insurance groups Car recalls Car reviews Crash test results Car buyer's contract Selling your car AA Route Planner Driving Driving school Learn to drive Improve your driving Become an AA driving instructor Driving instructor training Find out more Products Driving lessons Car data checks Vehicle inspections Tyres Windscreen repair Car accessories Fuel Assist Car batteries Smartphone apps Car kits Driving test books International Driving Permit Driver awareness courses Fleet risk management Company driver training Cycle training Help and advice Driving abroad Motoring costs Buying a car Breakdown advice Service and repair advice Fuels and environment Mileage calculator Legal advice Safety and security Seasonal driving advice Car recalls AA Charitable Trust AA-Populus panel Campaigns Latest news AA Rewards Special operations team AA Magazine AA Route Planner Travel Buy travel insurance Award-winning travel insurance from the AA  and 10% discount for our members. Get a quote Products Travel insurance Hotels and BBs Car hire Car hire excess insurance Airport parking Ferry tickets Cottage breaks Theatre tickets European breakdown cover European driving kits Airport transfers Travel guides Travel money Help and advice Route planner Traffic news Weather warnings Restaurants and pubs Self-catering and campsites Walks and bike rides Days out Golf courses Discounts abroad Foreign Office (FCO) advice IDP  driving permits AA Rewards AA Route Planner Shop Business Latest Investor relations Main Search What are you looking for? AA Rewards Sign in Car insurance Home insurance Home emergency Travel insurance Driving school AA Rewards Gold membership Silver membership Savings Credit cards Home Driving Motoring advice Car buyers guide Car buying scams Car buying scams Offers that are too good to be true usually are Tweet If a deal looks too good to be true it probably is You need to be alert to the possibility of being scammed when buying a car. Remember above all else that if a deal looks too good to be true it probably is. Car buying scams cost consumers around 3 million a year. Major car advertisers including Auto Trader, eBay Motors, and Exchange  Mart have joined forces with the Metropolitan Police to form the Vehicle Safe Trading Advisory Group (VSTAG), an industry forum to combat vehicle related fraud.Case histories and advice  Check the Metropolitan Police fraud alert for the latest information on fraud and other economic crime to help you avoid becoming a victim. Virtual vehicle scams The 'virtual vehicle' scam involves fake shipping websites that promise to handle and look after your money. Once you respond and express interest in buying the car  which is currently located abroad  you are directed to a fake website for a shipping company that will handle the transfer of funds including shipping costs. In theory the shipping company will transfer the funds to the vehicle seller when you have taken delivery and confirm that you're happy with the vehicle. In practice, the funds may be transferred but the vehicle never appears. Advice - virtual vehicle scams If an offer sounds too good to be true it probably is Don't hand over money to someone you don't know for a vehicle you've not seen Always get a vehicle history check for peace of mind. Put yourself in the sellers position: Would you price your vehicle well below the standard market value, and then - at additional expense - offer to ship it overseas, and - if the buyer doesn't like it - ship it back at your own expense? Would you ask a complete stranger in the street to hold several thousands pounds of your money whilst you wait for another complete stranger to deliver a car to you? 'Paper cars' are another version of this  websites with copied adverts from elsewhere on the web, but with knock-down prices. Again, don't part with your money until you've seen the vehicle. The Metropolitan Police and Western Union Bank both recommend that consumers use money transfers as a means to purchase goods only when sending money to someone they already know and trust Vehicle matching scams These work by approaching owners who are selling their cars and promising falsely to match them with 'definite buyers'  consumers lose nearly 3 million a year according to the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) Typically while advertising a car for sale in a magazine, newspaper or online you're cold-called by telephone. The caller promises that they already have buyers lined-up who are looking to buy the same model  all you have to do is pay a matcher's fee up-front before the buyer is introduced and the sale completed. Often though there is no buyer, the contract with the vehicle matcher cannot be cancelled, and any money paid is lost . In 2008, Consumer Direct received more than 1600 complaints about this type of scam from private sellers of second hand cars who had each lost between 80 and 99. The true number of victims is probably much larger. The OFT has been working with the police, local authority Trading Standards Services and consumer bodies to crack down on car matching scammers. The OFT is also working with online and print motoring publications and websites who are members of VSTAG to put in place clear and prominent warnings to car sellers about these scams. Advice - vehicle matching scams Stop, think and be sceptical if you are cold called and asked for money in advance Don't give your credit or debit card details to people you don't know Stop, think and be sceptical if promises are made that give the impression that: there are immediate buyers for your car finance has already been arranged for potential buyers buyers are willing to pay your asking price or more buyers are ready to view your car immediately, or you will be offered a refund if the car does not sell Don't be pressured into anything - if in any doubt about a particular telephone call, hang up If it sounds too good to be true it probably is If you think you have been the victim of a vehicle matching scam, or you suspect a scam, contact the Citizen's Advice Bureau in the first instance for advice. (Updated 26 June 2013) More car buying advice Clocking Cloning Your legal rights Metropolitan Police fraud alert Buying a used car Where to buy a used car Test drive tips Don't buy stolen Number plates Insurance groups Car tax Looking for a loan? Car checking Top tips Check if a car has outstanding debts or a dodgy history, or let us give your potential new car a thorough, mechanical inspection. Car checking  @AApresident Follow us on Twitter Related offers AA Tyres AA Vehicle Inspections Moto service stations  Make Make Model Model Postcode  Rewards index Features Offers directory Restaurant Club Events  competitions Footer Navigation UKbreakdown cover  buy online Get a quote Arrange cover over the phone Call us on 0800 085 2721 Broken down? We can help call us now 0800 88 77 66 or let us phone you Close Request a call back If you'd like to chat, tell us a bit about yourself and we'll call you back. Request a call back form Title Mr. Mrs. Ms. Initials Last Name Telephone Number Address Postcode When shall we call you? Now 15 Minutes 30 Minutes Within an hour Cancel We are available to call you back Monday to Friday 10:30am to 8pm, Saturday 10am to 3pm. Requests received outside of these hours are answered on the next working day. Done UK route planner Route planner Just tell us your start point and your destination Jump to the full route planner Breakdown cover UK breakdown European breakdown Car batteries Windscreens Move a car Wrong fuel Insurance Car insurance Home insurance Home emergency Travel insurance Motorbike insurance Pet insurance Life insurance Private healthcare Financial services Credit cards Loans Savings Travel currency card Legal services Driving Driving lessons Car data checks Vehicle inspections Tyres Car accessories Motoring advice Car reviews Driving abroad Travel Route planner Traffic news Hotels  BBs Self-catering  campsites Ferries Car hire Airport parking European driving kits Business Business breakdown Business insurance AA DriveTech AA Signs Affiliates/advertising AA Site map Contact us Mobile site Jobs Newsroom Accessibility Privacy policy Cookies Terms  conditions AA Charitable Trust  The Automobile Association Limited 2013 