 Home  IL  Edwardsville IL » Car Buying and Selling Car Buying and Selling Edwardsville IL Are you looking to buy a new car, having trouble financing a vehicle or looking to sell? Find useful tips on how to properly go about buying or selling, as well as advice on how to finance and make your current car payments. Newest Topics Car Donation  Looking for information on Car Donation in Edwardsville? We have compiled a list of businesses and services around Edwardsville that should help you with your search. We hope this page helps you find information on Car Donation in Edwardsville. Home Equity Loans and Mortgage Refinancing  Home equity loans and home line of credit loans are often a good way to finance the purchase of a car. Refinancing your mortgage is another option. However, understand the benefits and the risks before making a decision. New Cars - A Reality Check  There is a common misconception that new-car dealers finance the cars they sell or lease. Not true. Dealers don't make loans or finance leases. A dealer may run a preliminary credit check on you prior to completing your paperwork, but this should not be interpreted as approval of your loan or lease application. How to Sell a Used Car  Psychology is a powerful and important part of buying and selling cars. Perception can be reality. What a potential buyer thinks and feels about your used car is more important than facts and figures. Learn how to get the most money. Car Loans  Car loans are generally better understood than leasing, but there's much room for information and advice, particularly for inexperienced car buyers. Many car buyers, particularly new ones, overestimate their ability to pay and buy more car than they can afford.  All Topics Bad Credit Car Loan or Car Lease Buying a car with bad credit can be a huge problem for subprime borrowers. Learn how a poor credit report and low FICO credit score affects what you pay, including high car insurance rates. Find out how to repair your bad credit to avoid future problems. Cant Afford Car If you can't make car payments and in danger of having your car repossessed, you might have some options. Learn what you can do to save your car and your credit. Car Donation Looking for information on Car Donation in Edwardsville? We have compiled a list of businesses and services around Edwardsville that should help you with your search. We hope this page helps you find information on Car Donation in Edwardsville. Car Financing - How it Really Works Car financing is frequently misunderstood by automotive consumers. Learn how dealer financing works, how to get approved, when to get a co-signer, and the importance of good credit. Car Loans Car loans are generally better understood than leasing, but there's much room for information and advice, particularly for inexperienced car buyers. Many car buyers, particularly new ones, overestimate their ability to pay and buy more car than they can afford. Car Pricing Secrets This is the inside story on car prices and how car dealers and manufacturers affect the price you pay. Read on to learn about invoice prices and negotiating sales price. Car Warranties Many people who are already leasing may have this exposure now. Others, who may not have yet leased, really need to lease for longer terms to keep monthly payments as small as possible. In either case, an extended warranty is required to eliminate the risk of financial surprises after the manufacturer's warranty has expired. Certified Used Cars Certified used cars often make good deals, but cost extra. The higher cost is offset by the benefits of getting an inspection and warranty. . Most used car sales are sold "as is" and the buyer takes his chances. Certified pre-owned car programs offer less risk and greater peace of mind — for a price. Dealer Invoice Prices Invoice price is the price a car dealer pays to the manufacturer for each vehicle he buys. The price is the same for every dealer across the U.S.. There are other costs as well. Dealer Wants Car Back - Wants More Money When you sign a contract to buy with a loan, or to lease, the dealer attempts to find a finance company or bank that will approve you under the terms you agreed to in your contract. Somewhere in your contract or in a separate document, often called a bailment agreement, this condition is spelled. Extra Money Methods for Car Payments Earn extra money for a new car with an internet-based home business. There are many different ways to make money on the Internet using affiliate programs, eBay, paid ads, and blogging for money. Home Equity Loans and Mortgage Refinancing Home equity loans and home line of credit loans are often a good way to finance the purchase of a car. Refinancing your mortgage is another option. However, understand the benefits and the risks before making a decision. How to Sell a Used Car Psychology is a powerful and important part of buying and selling cars. Perception can be reality. What a potential buyer thinks and feels about your used car is more important than facts and figures. Learn how to get the most money. New Cars - A Reality Check There is a common misconception that new-car dealers finance the cars they sell or lease. Not true. Dealers don't make loans or finance leases. A dealer may run a preliminary credit check on you prior to completing your paperwork, but this should not be interpreted as approval of your loan or lease application. Refinancing a Car Loan There are only two ways that refinancing a car loan can lower your monthly payments: 1) by lowering interest rate, and 2) by extending the payoff schedule, or both. Refinancing can reduce your car payments if there is a difference between your old interest rate and the rate that you might get now. Where to Buy Cars Online Although this article is primarily about how and where to buy used cars online, buying new cars is just as easy. Web sites such as, and allow you to request a free price quote for any new make and model. Which Car Should I Buy? Go to several dealers and test drive a variety of vehicles – but leave your checkbook at home and don't sign anything. Make a note of the things you like and dislike about the vehicles you test drive. Learn how to get the best car for you. Your Credit Score Learn how credit score affects what you pay for your car financing, leasing, home mortgage, and insurance. A low credit score is a real problem. All consumers should know how to get a credit history and repair credit reports. Manage your debt load and get debt relief.  