 Skip to Content   News Local News International News Spyshots / Scoop Review Test Drive Test Ride First Impression Features Columns Yamin Vong Me and My Motors Sales Data SMS Oh-Toh Autocare Classics Events Price Guide Home  News  International News  Changing Car Design Culture Challenge for Car Designers Changing Car Design Culture Challenge for Car Designers Written by Fatihah Rashid ,Published on March 29, 2013 12:50 am , one comment Tagged with:Tags: vehicle design process in malaysia , kia , car design malaysia car , malaysia car culture , car interior design malaysia , changing design culture , peter schreyer , peter schreyer design , the process of desinging bikes and cars  Share this:TwitterStumble ItDiggFacebook Kia and Hyundai are both coming together to the premium segment, improving in quality which is very important in gaining customers' trust, said President and Chief Design Officer of Kia Motors, Peter Schreyer. One of the main challenges in designing a car is that the design must remain fresh for a long time, up to six or seven years, so when coming up with a design he must also think ten years into the future to produce a design that will be liked for years. He said that he designs the cars to have a driver-oriented, sporty interior, with only small differences to differentiate between the segments. According to Schreyer, the most important issue to take care of in the cars is ergonomics, and emhasizing on putting different elements in the same place in different models. Car design culture is changing; consumers now are more aware of quality than they were ten years ago, and they look for good designs with good materials, worth the price they pay for their vehicles. They also look for new designs faster than before, so designers must have variety and freedom in design to cater to the many different needs and wants, especially with the many new body types and styles that they must now work with. He also said that it is very important to have a good designing team with a common mindset in between them to produce good quality designs. The designing process will take around two years from the sketch pad to the car on the road, and designers must come up with seven to eight different models, with only one or two being picked to be continued in full size. Other than that, he said although undecided at the moment, there is a high chance that Kia will start producing sports cars soon, and he looks forward to designing one. He said he would also love to design convertibles, but Kia has no plans to produce any in the near future. When asked where he gets his design influences from, he said that they were gathered from his travels all over the world, as it is important to get a feeling for the world market. He believes that regional differentiation in car designs that some other car manufacturers do is unnecessary, as if a car has a good design it can be successful anywhere. Schreyer also said that he prefers using pen and paper for his designs, as opposed to computers that young designers use, as he feels it lends more character to the car, as well as putting more personality into it. When asked how he works on the cars' designs, he said he would drive all their cars to identify any flaws, get to know the car and figure out how to improve it even more. On the signature "tiger nose" that he has developed on all Kia's cars starting with the Kia Optima (Magentis in Europe and Canada, Lotze and K5 in South Korea) facelift, Schreyer said that he came up with it when he intended to create a design that was three dimensional and lively, so he decided to go with the tiger's nose, with the tiger being a symbol of power. Related Posts Peter Schreyer To Also Oversee Hyundais Design Peter Schreyer is Kias First Non-Korean President Kia Reveals New Concept Car Pro_ceed to Paris Kia Forte Koup: The Koup stages a coup One Response to Changing Car Design Culture Challenge for Car Designers Leave a reply  italiano April 3, 2013 Reply  This guy will go into automotive history book as a legend. The one who brought a boring brand to world class. Good job mate. Leave a Reply Name * Mail (will not be published) *  a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong Cancel Reply  Any questions? Click on the button below and send your questions to us. Ads 4th-6th October 2013 at the MATRADE Exhibition and Convention Centre, Kuala Lumpur Most Popular Modenas Ace 115 (116 comments) NAP Review 2012 - A Preview (93 comments) Caught on AES camera: Maserati race up to 268 km/h (with Ferrari not far behind) (88 comments) VW Polo Sedan Test Drive (63 comments) Winners of inaugural NST-Peugeot Design Competition (59 comments) Pages Contact us Post a question with us Tag Cloud 0 1 AES Almera Audi BMW Chevrolet China Detroit Diesel EV f Ford Geneva Golf Honda Hybrid Hyundai Indonesia Kia Land Rover Leaf Lexus Mazda Mercedes Benz Mitsubishi Motorsports mss Nissan Paris Perodua Peugeot Porsche proton Public Transport Renault RTD Safety SPAD Suzuki Thailand TIV Toyota Volvo VW Recent Comments syed aiman on First impression: Proton Suprima S 1.6 Premium Lanjiau on Stranded and suffering at KLIA SUHAILA on Return of the ghosts of Simpang Pulai True on First impression: Proton Suprima S 1.6 Premium syed aiman on First impression: Proton Suprima S 1.6 Premium  Cars Bikes Trucks - Malaysia Cars Bikes Trucks One Stop Automotive, 2012 - 2013, All Rights Reserved. Subscribe to Free updates!  queries = 85time taken = 1.344 secondstemplate = single 