 Sooper Articles Your Best Article Source..  Titles Contents Authors  Welcome, Guest Submit Articles Sooper Authors Top Articles Blog Widgets RSS Feeds FAQ Contact  Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Article Categories  Art  Entertainment Actors Comics  Animation Humor Movies  TV Music Philosophy Photography Poetry Tattoos Theater Visual Art Automotive Business Careers Communications Education Finance Food  Drinks Gaming Health  Fitness Hobbies Home and Family Home Improvement Internet Law News  Society Pets Real Estate Relationship Self Improvement Shopping Spirituality Sports Technology Travel Writing Subscribe to Latest Articles Enter your email address:  Useful Links For Authors Author Guidelines Article Writing Tips Why Submit Articles  Home Art  Entertainment Articles Celebrity Gossip Updates A Different Life Celebrity Gossip Updates A Different Life By Vanessa Parker10 on January 22, 2010 0 A major reason why celebrity gossip touches the pinnacle of popularity is because if offers an escape from reality. Who doesnt want to have palatial houses to live in and swanky cars to drive in? Reading entertainment news fulfills that desire in an indirect way. Celeb gossip brings about a certain amount of difference to the humdrum lives that they are otherwise leading. It is this escape that feeds the craze of paparazzi scoops and other ways to get the updates of what happens behind the glitzy screen. Why do you think celebrity gossip articles and posts always contain references to the personal lives of the personalities we are interested in? The answer is not complex. People want to live life the way these personalities are perceived to be living through the pages of celeb gossip. They want to date attractive people like the real characters in the entertainment news sections do. They want to explore forbidden paths like celebs do. They want to push the boundaries of what is permissible in society. They want to know through these Hollywood gossip columns how these celebs can get away with something that they would have got stuck with. The celebrity gossip rumors sometimes lead people askew. Lots of what life is in the pages of the entertainment news sections may not be reality or even fact. But readers of the celeb gossip pages are smart and they know how to sift the chaff from the grain. When they read some outrageous news item published as a paparazzi scoop, they discard that immediately as piece of trash. You cannot fool the updated reader anymore. Because they take such an active interest in the lives of the celebs, they are well aware of what is actually going on. The varied number of sources is another reason that nothing that happens can be entirely published as gospel truth. The life of grandeur that the celebrity gossip columns look to offer is not something that is easy to resist. There is the ever-magnetic attraction of knowing more about the celebs who have always lived behind shadows. With the coming of the celeb gossip sections, people are now in touch with the side of the personality which had remained hidden for long. Its this sneak peek behind the scenes action that interests people. Frankly nobody can jump over the barricade and get a ring-side view of what is happening. This element of curiosity gave birth to Hollywood gossip. The difference in the lives of the subjects and the readers made the contrast even more palpable. It is this gap that gossip lovers are always looking to explore and if possible, overcome. Jeebas Entertainment Blog is all about entertainment news , music reviews, TV shows and celebrity gossip, especially Hollywood gossip. You will find all the best celeb gossip in town on the pages of this blog that prides itself on the inside paparazzi scoops! Come, be entertained!  Rate this Article Currently 0/5 1 2 3 4 5 Celebrity Gossip Updates A Different Life Not Rated Yet Add Comment Contact Author Email this Article Comments (0) Bookmark Print Report Article Vanessa Parker10 has published 3 articles. Article submitted on January 22, 2010 . Word count: 445 Watch Homicide Life on the Street episodes It is the glory and the enchantment of the show, which brings bazillions fans on the doors of internet to download Homicide Life on the Street episodes. Written by: GracePitter Bill Tips On How To Improve Your Life With Contemporary Fine Art Contemporary fine art are pieces of art that have the power to stop you in your tracks and make you to perceive the entire world anew. Almost all artists would totally agree that they do make art to enhance the lives of everybody that who sees their pieces of artwork. Written by: Arold Augustin May Gleaming Crackers Bless Your Life Diwali is most widely celebrated festival of Hinduism and also considered as remarkable festival of the year. Make merriment Diwali 2011 with various latest ideas and look here for greeting cards ideas also. Written by: Kalpendra Chaudhary Chick Lit For Handling Modernistic Womanhood The art of Romantic suspense Author makes the book a good read. The author combines various elements of joy and fun and weaves romance with the story to make it alive and energetic. Written by: Jane Rosenthal Submit Articles | Blog | Author Guidelines | Mobile | Widgets | FAQ | Advertise | Resources | Privacy Policy | Terms of Services | Contact Copyright  2013 Sooper Articles - Free Articles . All Rights Reserved. Powered by: ISolution X Post a Comment on this Article Note: We read and moderate all comments before they visible on article page. Your email address will not be published. Fields marked with asteric are required. Name: * Email: * Website: Comments: * Type the characters you see in the picture below. *  