 Sign In (980) 272-4416 Visit our website Email us AAA Car Care Centers 39 reviews | Write a review Our state-of-the-art Car Care facility offers full-service maintenance and repair. We offer a complimentary shuttle, free wi-fi, coffee bar and kids play area to make your wait worthwhile. What's New About Services Reviews Pictures Contact  A Car Owner's Guide to the Differences Between Synthetic and Conventional Motor Oil Last updated 5 days ago 0 Comment Tweet No matter what kind of vehicle you drive, you know that having your oil changed every few thousand miles is essential to efficient, long-lasting engine performance. But keeping up with oil changes is not enough. Today, drivers can choose from two major kinds of oils for their vehicle: synthetic and conventional. To know which is right for your car, you first need to know the difference between these two common automotive oil varieties. Where Automotive Oil Comes From The major difference between synthetic and conventional car oils is how they are made. Conventional oils are derived from naturally occurring crude oil in the Earth. Additives are mixed in to enhance specific properties of the oil to help it perform better in specific types of vehicles. Synthetic oils, on the other hand, are produced entirely in the laboratory and are not petroleum based. Performance Differences Synthetic oils are marketed as a complete alternative to conventional motor oils, and offer some benefits that make its use more appealing. Synthetic oils are less sensitive to temperature changes, so youll never have to worry about engine performance in cold weather. Synthetic oils are also longer lasting than conventional oils, with change intervals as long as 7,000 miles. This is more than double the 3,000 change interval recommended for most conventional oils. Weighing the Costs While synthetic oils may outperform conventional oils, they come at a slight premium. The sticker price for synthetic oil is usually twice that of conventional oils. However, factoring in improved efficiency shrinks the difference to only about 60%. Choosing Synthetic Oils for Your Vehicle Although your local automotive repair specialist can give you more specific advice, always consult your owners manual before altering your oil change regimen. Manufacturers typically recommend a specific grade, brand, or type of oil for each vehicle, and deviating from this recommendation may affect your warranty. Is your vehicle due for an oil change? Bring your car to your local AAA Car Care Center . We serve North Carolina and South Carolina drivers with the very best oil change and automotive repair services available. Visit AAA.com/CarCare find a AAA Car Care Center near you in the Carolinas. A Closer Look at the AAA Carolinas Charity Tow Trucks Program Last updated 10 days ago 0 Comment Tweet Having to get your car towed can be an unpleasant and stressful experience. But many AAA customers feel at ease when they find out that their vehicle is helping to support local charities throughout North Carolina and South Carolina through the AAA Carolinas Charity Tow Trucks Program. This innovative program sponsors five notable charities by making them eligible for donations every time their tow trucks are put to work. This video from AAA Carolinas goes into more detail about how the program works and how it has impacted local nonprofits. To turn your towing needs into opportunities to help others, call your local AAA Car Care Center today. Were North and South Carolinas premier auto repair and towing service, specializing in comprehensive auto services for all makes and models . Visit AAA.com/CarCare to learn more. Thanks AAA! Last updated 11 days ago 0 Comment Tweet  8/16/13 on CastPage I always go to New Hope Road (near Walmart on New Bern Ave). They have great customer service! They always do a wonderful job with my vehicles AND they guarantee the work up to a certain number of miles! I believe they use manufacturer approved parts on cars. Thanks AAA! More Stacey Diagnosing Common Engine Problems Last updated 16 days ago 0 Comment Tweet Although having your car professionally maintained by an automotive repair expert is important, being able to spot signs of engine trouble on your own is perhaps even more important. Knowing when things are just not right with your engine can help you to stay safe on the road, avoid getting stranded, and minimize any necessary repair costs. Here are a few signs that your engine might be in need of professional auto repair right away: Sign 1: Check Engine Light If youve been ignoring that bright yellow light behind your steering wheel, head to a car care center right away. The check engine light is the first warning sign that something under the hood needs attention from an auto repair expert. Its hard to tell what the problem is on your own, so take it to a professional who can diagnose your engine problems for you. Sign 2: Shaking, Jerking, or Stalling Another sign of engine trouble is weird behavior from your vehicle. If you notice sudden shaking or jerking, or if your engine starts to stall, take your car to an auto repair shop right away. Delaying can only intensify this malfunctioning, which can make driving very dangerous. Sign 3: A Suddenly Noisy Engine If your vehicle gives off a nice, gentle purr, then your engine is probably fine. But once it starts roaring or screeching, it may be crying for help. Strange noises from the engine are a sure sign that something is wrong and needs attention from an experienced auto repair technician. Sign 4: Strange Odors If you smell oil, gas, coolant, or unidentified foul odors in your car, they may be originating from your engine or exhaust system. This is very dangerous, since engine fumes can contain dangerous gases like carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide. If your engine needs professional attention , bring your car to one of the many AAA Car Care Centers across North Carolina and South Carolina. We are the regions premier auto repair service, specializing in all makes and models. Visit AAA.com/CarCare to find the AAA Car Care Center near you. Conserve Fuel with these Efficient Driving Tips Last updated 24 days ago 0 Comment Tweet Dont let the cost of fuel put a dent in your summer travel plans. With a few easy adjustments to your driving, you can improve the fuel efficiency of any vehicle and save money along the way. Check out these tips on how to boost your MPGs. Driving at slower speeds can decrease fuel consumption. For every 5 mph over 60 mph, your vehicle loses up to 23% of its overall fuel economy. Avoid braking and accelerating quickly. Sudden changes in your vehicles movement waste energy and fuel. Letting off the gas when you anticipate a stop can help to reduce unnecessary fuel consumption. Plan your trip ahead of time with help from AAAs Internet TripTik planner. You can use it to find cheap gas stations and make your route as efficient as possible. Most importantly, dont forget to have your vehicle professionally maintained at your local AAA Car Care Center. We serve North Carolina and South Carolina with the very best auto repair and maintenance services to keep your vehicle driving efficiently all year long . Visit AAA.com/CarCare to find the AAA Car Care Center nearest you. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 .. 16 More Follow AAACarolinas Tweet to @AAACarolinas Do you like AAA Carolinas? Like us on Facebook! Write a review 6600 AAA Drive , Charlotte , NC 28212 Hours: Closed Sunday 7:30 AM to 6:00 PM Monday 7:30 AM to 6:00 PM Tuesday 7:30 AM to 6:00 PM Wednesday 7:30 AM to 6:00 PM Thursday 7:30 AM to 6:00 PM Friday 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM Saturday Links AAA Care Care Centers Website Our Google Page Car Care on Wikipedia Our Albemarle Location Our Apex Location Our Atlantic Location Our Avent Ferry Location Our Irmo Location Our Kildaire Location Our Matthews Location Our Mt Pleasant Location Our New Hope Location Our Pleasantburg Location Our Prosperity Location Our Rock Hill Location Our South Location Our South Square Location Our Ballantyne Location Our Steele Creek Location Our Summerville Location Our Tanner Location Our Wendover Location Our Wilmington- Oleander Location Our Winston-Salem Location Our WT Harris Location Our Fayetteville Location Our Wilmington-Military Cutoff Location Our Forest Drive Location Our Cary Location Our Charleston Location Our Durham-RTP Location Our Gastonia Location Our Glenwood Location Our Greensboro Location Our Huntersville Location Recent Posts Loading posts... View All Recent Comments Loading comments... Popular Tags Loading tags... Privacy Policy Terms of Use Mobile View  