  How 4EntertainmentJobs.com Works | Join Now | Success Stories | Contact Us | Employers Find Your Dream Job Today! Join the Millions working in the Entertainment Industry. Search 4969 Entertainment Jobs For FREE! Category  All  Administration/Management/Operations  Advertising/Marketing/Promotions  Broadcasting/Radio  Bus and Corp Dev., Planning & Strategy  Creative  Film/TV/Video  Fine Art (Gallery, Museum, Theatre)  Human Resources  Internet/New Media/Web  Legal and Bus. Affairs  Music  Production (Development, Post)  Publishing/Journalism  Sales and Account Management  Sports and Recreation  Other (Fashion, Modeling, Travel)  Agency (Adv., Management, Talent)  Internship  Accounting/Finance  Management  Show Biz/Auditions  Location  All   Northeast   Southeast   Central   West   New York   California  We have 4498 Employers Seeking Our Members. Basic Membership for FREE Free Membership Search for your dream job Receive customized job alerts Premium Membership Options Full access to membership job tools Priority applications for jobs Connect directly with employers Be The First To Apply! Get Jobs texted directly to your phone and apply with ease! Entertainment Jobs Blog Leveraging Social Media to Land a Job Leveraging and growing your personal network through these sites can help you get connected with the right person at your dream company, giving you an in for the job you want to land. Read more... It’s a Bird. It’s a Plane. It’s a Super Entertainment Jobs Seeker! With its opening weekend nabbing a reported $125.1 million, the new Man of Steel movie is a box office smash, but this film has more than just entertainment value for moviegoers. Read more... How Yahoo’s Tumblr Acquisition is Paving the Way for Millennial Hires Yahoos recent acquisition of Tumblr left the blogging sites 20-something and self-proclaimed hip audience in an uproar, accusing founder David Karp of selling out. Read more... Tweets by @4EntJobs Home Join Now Log In Success Stories Blog About Us How It Works FAQs Contact Us 2013, 4EntertainmentJobs.com | Terms of Agreement | Privacy Policy 