 mom section  Living Well Mom Time Healthy Eating Family Health Home Management Everyday Style Family & Relationships Family Marriage Divorce Dating Friends Education & Activities Crafts Enrichment Activities Education Games & Toys Recreation Travel & Outings Parenting Conception to Birth Newborns & Babies Toddlers Children Teenagers Parenting Advice More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Education K-12 K-12 Basics Literature-Based Art Activities Literature-Based Art Activities By Kara Bietz , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Plan art activities for children based on their favorite picture books. Many preschool and early elementary curriculums take a literature-based approach to lesson planning. Using a group of pictures books or a particular author as the starting point to the plan, the students study the books and do math, art, language and science activities based on the material in the books. Considering the wealth of popular children's books available, this approach to curriculum planning is a good way to keep activities fresh and exciting for children. Planning art activities based on children's picture books might be a challenge for some teachers, but it doesn't have to be. Other People Are Reading Art Activities for Children's Books Activities Based on Children's Books Illustrator Style Try focusing on one illustrator or one style of art for one week. Study this style in depth by examining as many books that feature this style of illustration as you can find. Compare and contrast this style with other styles the children may have seen or studied. One common illustrator that children are intrigued by is Eric Carle. His tissue paper collage art makes an impact in his books, such as "The Very Hungry Caterpillar" and "The Grouchy Ladybug." After studying Carle's style, allow children to try creating art in this manner. Provide lots of tissue paper squares, scissors, glue and space to create. Children can choose to copy a favorite book illustration or design their own picture. Creating a Class Book As children are exposed to more and more books, they will begin to understand how books work. They will see how illustrations often correspond to the text on the page, how stories all have a beginning, a middle and an end and how the pictures often help to move the story forward. After studying a number of picture books, give children a chance to create their own book as a class. Choose a simple topic such as "Our School Day" and document all of the activities children do each day at school. Allow each child to have one page in the book. Take pictures of the children participating in daily activities and allow each of them to illustrate and write the text for their page. Laminate the pages for durability, bind the book and display it for visitors and children to peruse as they please. Listen and Draw Have children close their eyes while you read a fable or fairy tale out loud. Remind children to listen carefully to the story you are about to tell, as they will need to recall details about the story later. A few suggestions for fables or stories to read for this activity include "The Lion and the Mouse," "The Tortoise and the Hare" or "Rumpelstiltskin." When you have finished reading, give each child a blank piece of paper and some crayons, pencils or markers and ask him to create a comic book page based on the story he just heard. This will help children practice their recall and reflection skills. Cooperative Books Split your class into teams of two students each. Tell the pairs that they are now an author and illustrator team. Together, they will create a book with illustrations. They can choose to tell any kind of story they would like, as well as illustrate it any way they would like. They may choose to illustrate with photographs, watercolors, colored pencils or even pen and ink drawings. The important part is that children work cooperatively to both write the text and draw the pictures. This is a good project to present to the children after finishing a lesson plan or unit on picture books or literature. Give students one week to finish the project and then present it to the rest of the class.  Related Searches References "Creative Activities for Young Children"; Mary Mayesky; 1995 Resources Eric Carle's Official Website Photo Credit Jupiterimages/Comstock/Getty Images More Like This Art Activities for Children's Books Activities Based on Children's Books Creative Art Activities in Literature for First Graders Comments You May Also Like Activities for Eric Carle Books Studying Eric Carle is a great way to encourage kids to explore art. art student image by feisty from Fotolia.com Activities to Go Along With the Book The Hungry Caterpillar In 1969, Eric Carle played with a hole-puncher, punching holes into some papers. The holes made him think of a book worm,... History of Newspaper Comics Newspaper comics have a rich history that dates back to the mid-1800s in Europe. The American tradition of the funnies began in... Literature Based First Grade Math Activities While many think of math and literature as two wholly unrelated subjects, this does not have to be the case. By mixing... How to Teach About Insects in a Preschool Classroom Many preschoolers are frightened of insects, spiders and other creepy crawlers. Studying insects helps them overcome their fears while learning about the... Middle School Literature Activities Create a radio play with your middle school students based on their literature readings. vintage radio and gramophone image by jovica antoski... Project-Based Elementary Math Activities Project-based learning is an effective method to teach mathematics to elementary students. Projects should provide authentic learning activities that answer a ... How to Teach With SMART Board in Preschool Setting SMART Boards can be used as an effective teaching tool for any grade level from preschool through college. Preschool teachers can easily...  Related Ads  Check It Out Classic with a Twist: Friendship Bracelets You May Like Creative Art Activities in Literature for First Graders What Is a Language-Based Approach to Literature? Literature Based First Grade Math Activities Children Literature Book Activities Activities for Children's Literature Free Children's Literature Activities Learning Activities for Children's Literature First Day Activities for a Literature Class Featured Have Old Crayons? Make Art! Read Article Yum, Mom! Easy Meals Kids Love Read Article Decorate with a Colorful Yarn Banner Check It Out Others Also Viewed Preschool Curriculum Ideas Based on Books Activities Based on Childrens Books Discipline Based Art Education Approaches to Teaching Science Activities Based on Childrens Literature Literature Based First Grade Math Activities ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 