 TRENDING Maruti Stingray Nissan Terrano Maruti YL1 Skoda Octavia Hyundai Grand i10 2014 Honda Jazz BMW 1 Series Specialities Spyshots Renderings  Russia  Hyundai rolls out 500,000th Solaris (Verna) from Saint-Petersburg Mercedes India hints at local assembly of MFA-based models Indonesia  Tata Super Ace caught testing BMW 1 Series diesel to be priced from 22.9 lakhs? Nissan Terrano variant info surfaces online 2014 Peugeot 3008 and 3008 HYbrid4 detailed prior to their outing in Frankfurt Spied  2013 Fiat Linea gets clicked inside out, again Mercedes MFA-based Infiniti Q30 Concept previewed ahead of its Frankfurt premiere Spied  Mahindra Mojo test mule hints at mild restyling attempts Citroen teases the New Cactus; Frankfurt debut? Report  Jaguars R, R-S and R-S GT performance variants to supplement all carlines Spied  Maruti YL1 sedan (next gen SX4) will offer rear aircon vents rss youtube twitter facebook Home Ford General Motors Honda Hyundai Mahindra Maruti Suzuki Tata Toyota Volkswagen More Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Ferrari Fiat Force Motors Hindustan Motors Jaguar Lamborghini Land Rover Mercedes-Benz Mitsubishi Nissan Renault Rolls Royce Skoda Volvo  Busted! Volvos Frankfurt-bound showcar is the Concept C Coupe Posted on Aug 26 2013 - 10:03pm by Shrawan Raja  PREVIOUS | NEXT  Categorized as 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show Volvo 1002 Tagged as Volvo Concept C Coupe Related 2014 Peugeot 3008 and 3008 HYbrid4 detailed prior to their outing in Frankfurt Mercedes MFA-based Infiniti Q30 Concept previewed ahead of its Frankfurt premiere Video  2014 Skoda Yeti Outdoor caught on the road undisguised BMW Concept X5 eDrive revealed ahead of the Frankfurt Motor Show  Just a few minutes back, Volvo released the first teaser of its Frankfurt Show concept through a Youtube video. Volvos social media team has confirmed that the concept that embodies the future of Volvo design is Frankfurt-bound. The clipping goes as to how Volvos chief designer, Thomas Ingelath, who joined the company last year, observed that Volvos designs were vanilla and not cutting edge. Towards the end of the short clip, hes seen sketching a concept car, assuring viewers that the vanilla days are over. Gotcha! A badge on the cars hood reveals the name of the concept. Taillight graphic is part of the clean sheet design and the sculpted C-Pillar and wing section is reminiscent of the Audi A7 Sportback. In the same video, Volvos edit team has packed three teaser images, as frames, elapsed by 1 second of the video.  After numerous loops, pauses and reflexive clicking of the play button, we were able to screen-capture all three frames. In one frame that reveals the rear of the car, a badge that reads Concept C Coupe is clearly seen. The Concept C Coupes front-end is a perfect match to the elusive concept car image that was floating on the internet over the weekend. Voracious auto buffs will know that a mysterious concept car image is doing the rounds on the internet. Guess what, the headlight and front pockets of car in video matches those on the long-hooded mystery car. Volvos definitely on the verge of revealing a new design direction, one that we would see on future generation cars based of the Scalable Platform Architecture that debuts on the next gen XC90 next year. The concept car, besides signaling a new direction in design, may also serve as a precursor to the coupe version of the next gen S80 (tentatively C80) reported by sections of the British press prior to the Geneva Motor Show. The Coupe profile is revealed in one shot. The lower window line gets an upward flick right at the end of the daylight opening. We can assure readers that this car will arrive in Frankfurt as Volvos social media team has uploaded an image of Mr. Ingelath with the caption: The world-first exclusive teaser of Volvo’s imminent transformationDid someone say Frankfurt? followed by the link to the Youtube video. Like this kind of content? Subscribe to us via Email or Twitter to get our updates sent to you everyday! About the Author Shrawan Raja Hi! I'm Shrawan, the Managing Editor of IndianAutosBlog.com. I'm an automobile engineer and began IAB with a couple of friends in 2008 to burn time. Since mid-2009 this is where I spend my time from 7AM to 12PM everyday. We're rated among the top 100 automotive news websites in the world today by Technorati, and among the top 19,000 websites on the internet by Alexa! We eventually aspire to the become the world's best auto news provider with multimedia rich content, packaged into an informal and fun website design. Please use the contact page below in case you want to reach me. Stay tuned to IndianAutosBlog.com! Leave A Response Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment  Frankfurt 2013 coverage  Connect with us on social networks  Recent Posts Russia  Hyundai rolls out 500,000th Solaris (Verna) from Saint-Petersburg August 27, 2013 Mercedes India hints at local assembly of MFA-based models August 27, 2013 Indonesia  Tata Super Ace caught testing August 27, 2013 BMW 1 Series diesel to be priced from 22.9 lakhs? August 27, 2013 Nissan Terrano variant info surfaces online August 27, 2013 Our Friends Audi Blog WagenClub Turboz and Pistons Car Tuning Marketing FAQ Noticias Automotivas Car Spy Photos Byte Chip AutoMania Car Reviews CarsIndia Win some hot cash!  About Advertise Contact  Copyright © 2008-2013 Indian Autos blog - Global Auto News, Rumours, Scoops, Spyshots and Renders with emphasis on the Indian Auto Market. | Back to top   