 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Arts  Entertainment Art Other Art Grants for Arts and Entertainment Grants for Arts and Entertainment By Steven Lafler , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Dancer The National Endowment for the arts is an independent, federally funded agency that makes grants to arts organizations in a variety of disciplines and, in some cases, individuals. There also are many corporations, foundations and state governments making grants in the fields of arts and entertainment. Other People Are Reading Entertainment Business Grants Individual Entertainment Grants NEA Application The National Endowment for the Arts maintains an application web page on its site at nea.gov. Grants are offered in many categories such as Arts Education, Literature and Visual Arts. Clicking through to each category shows a list of available grants in that area. Grants.gov To apply for a National Endowment for the Arts grant, applicants must go the the grants.gov web site. Grants.gov is a central site for all federal grant applications. It is necessary to register there prior to applying for a specific NEA grant. Artheals.org The Art and Healing Network hosts a web site with a extensive list of organizations providing art and performance grants at artheals.org. There are grants on the list available to both individuals and organizations. Fundsnetservices Grant List A list of arts and culture grants is available at fundsnetservices.com. Many of the grants listed at this site are offered by corporations, while some are offered by foundations or government agencies. International Grants There are many arts grant programs operated by governments throughout the world, for example, the Arts Council in Great Britain and the Australia Council for the Arts.  Related Searches References NEA Application Art Heals Grant List Resources Art Grants Photo Credit dancer image by Vladimir Melnikov from Fotolia.com More Like This Entertainment Business Grants Individual Entertainment Grants How to Get Funding for Art Comments You May Also Like Entertainment Business Grants Entertainment Business Grants. Whether you own a production company, run a 501(c) company for children in the arts or you have a... Arts and Culture Grants for Western Massachusetts Arts and Culture Grants for Western Massachusetts. Art and culture grants are available in Western Massachusetts through local, state, and national agencies.... Individual Entertainment Grants Individual Entertainment Grants. Foundations and government granting agencies provide support for artists in the entertainment industry. Grants are awarded to ... Grants for the Performance Arts Grants for the Performance Arts. Performance art---including theater, performance poetry, music and dance---make up a wonderful aspect of our culture and society... Art Grants for Nonprofits A vast array of foundations and institutions sponsor grants for nonprofits involved in the arts . Dance troupes, arts educators and museums... How to Find Art Funding and Grants Art funding is a fickle thing, prone to vanish during hard economic times. The key for most artists is to diversify their... List of School Playground Grants Numerous organizations help schools and neighborhoods build safe playgrounds for children. Corporations with foundations that give back to the communities where they... Related Ads  Check It Out Learn to Sew, for Free! You May Like How to Get Funding for Art Corporate Grants for the Arts Jobs in Arts & Entertainment Schools for the Recording Arts & Business Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Careers Individual Grants for the Arts Funding Grants for the Arts How to Write Individual Art Grants Featured 10 Great No-Cut Hair Changes View Photos How to Avoid Breaking Guitar Strings Read Article 9 Hassle-Free Ways to Liven Up Walls View Photos Others Also Viewed Grants for Performing Art Center Building Campaigns Corporate Grants for the Arts Women Filmmaker Grants Performance Art vs. Entertainment  Performing Arts Music Shows  Entertainment in Reno, NV ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 