 All MSN Outlook.com Skype My MSN MSN Directory Autos Bing Toolbar Celebs Dating Entertainment Games Health  Fitness Horoscopes Lifestyle Mobile Money Movies Music News Flyers Sports Tech  Gadgets Travel Video Weather Yellow Pages ™ MORE… Outlook.com Skype MSN Home Make MSN your Homepage Français Page Options Make text larger Support Like MSN on Facebook RSS Sign In Entertainment Entertainment | Web Live search:  Follow Home Movies Movies Home Features Galleries Reviews Video Showtimes Blog TV TV Home Video Listings Blog Celebs Celebs Home News Celebutant Photos Video Music Music Home Features Photos Music Store Music Connection Blog Music Store Editors' Blog MSN Exclusives Exclusive Video Geek Chic Celebrity news, photos, gossip and video Hollywood's longest standing couples Bride wars: Angelina vs. Jennifer Craziest celebrity meltdowns The highs and lows of Amanda Bynes Hollywood couples Bride wars: Angelina vs. Jennifer Craziest celebrity meltdowns Amanda Bynes Celeb galleries Guess which movie stars these people are related to Nineties actresses: hotter now or then? Hollywood's longest standing couples: now and then Rumour patrol: Celebs slam false reports Vanity Fair's Best-Dressed List Celebrities without makeup The women in Simon Cowell's life Charitable celebrities Nip and tucks: Celebrity plastic surgeries Say what!? July 2013 celebrity quotes Twitpics of the month: July 2013 Forbes' top-earning celebrities under 30 Karate Kid Ralph Macchio and other 80s movie stars then and now Extreme celebrity makeovers Your imaginary BFF fan fiction All together now: Celebrity crowd-funding gone crazy From child star to Hollywood hottie Royal baby watch: famous celebrity offspring In Memoriam: Fallen stars of 2013 Celebrity entourage: Hollywood’s most famous plus-ones Forever 21: Celebrities as they came of age Cory Monteith found dead Cory Monteith: Glee star's best moments as cousin Richard speaks of autopsy results Stars who need to go to summer school Stars who need to take a break from social media Cory Monteith: Glee star found dead aged 31 - his life in pictures Justin Bieber’s most controversial moments Bride wars: Jennifer Aniston vs Angelina Jolie A-listers on vacation Tennis playing celebrities Editor's Blog Morning Links: Joshua Jackson, Ben Affleck, Miley Cyrus and more Morning Links: Alec Baldwin, Kanye West, Chris Brown and more Morning Links: Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Lopez, Robert Pattinson and more Ben Affleck cast as Batman We Have No Friends: The Podcast Episode 33 -- MTV VMAs preview, Spider-Man 2 and more Movie Blog Fan Expo 2013 Preview: Joe Dante's The 'Burbs Men Will Be Boys: The Grappling-With-Age Film The Devil's Backbone Is Back Dystopia Rising Blockbusters in the Shadow of 9/11 Music blog Timberlake pens open letter ahead of album release Listen to John Legend's latest Arcade Fire behind "Reflektor" ad campaign Watch Robin Thicke's "Give It 2 U" video IRS: Michael Jackson's estate owes $702M tax bill Celeb News Adam Lambert defends under-fire Miley Cyrus Mitch Hurwitz: 'Arrested Development movie is getting close' The Help director Tate Taylor to tackle James Brown's story in Mississippi Krysten Ritter launches dog-saving campaign Diplo eyes world twerking record Om Puri on the run after wife-beating claim Nicole Kidman vows to avoid pushing kids into acting Katherine Jackson hated kids' face masks Celebutant Playing the waiting game for starlets-in-hiding How will Lea Michele, Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan re-emerge? Why is Heidi Klum trying to be Rihanna? Why do celebrities bother getting married anymore? Jay-Z and Beyonce intent on keeping richest celebrity couple crown Stars are missing out on the simple joys of motherhood When stars bad-mouth their exes, everyone wins We shouldn’t be surprised if model linked to Kanye West lied about affair More from MSN.ca Lifestyle The Best And Worst Looks At The MTV VMAs Are You Guilty Of Oversharing? The Hottest Summer Drink Trends Of 2013 Whoa! The World's Weirdest Lingerie Travel 7 surprising impressions of Paris 10 must-visit Canadian brew pubs 10 best street foods across Asia 10 tourist scams you can avoid advertisement  Up Next 0 The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Create Grann... The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly preparing a two-bedroom annex at Kensington Palace so Carole and Michael Middleton can help care for Prince George. Share  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Create Granny Flat For Carole Midd...  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly preparing a two-bedroom annex at Kensington Palace so Carole and Michael Middleton can help care for P... More The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly preparing a two-bedroom annex at Kensington Palace so Carole and Michael Middleton can help care for Prince George. Date 3 hrs ago , Duration 0:42 , Views 1338 Video by: Splash | Britney, Paris, Lohan and More: SplashNewsOnline.com  Most Recent Most Popular    Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   Matthew Morrison and Fianc Waiting To Get Married      Splash   Date  25 mins ago  1:04  Tooltip Information:  Matthew Morrison and Fianc Waiting To Get Married  Video by:     Description:   Although theyre engaged, Matthew Morrison says he and fianc Renee Puente are taking their sweet time to tie the knot.   Rating:   4   Views:   0   Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   Ricky Martin Admits to Bullying Gay Men as Former Internalized Homophobe      Splash   Date  1 hr ago  1:02  Tooltip Information:  Ricky Martin Admits to Bullying Gay Men as Former Internalized Homophobe  Video by:     Description:   Ricky Martin is open, honest and candid about his homosexuality today, but tells Australian GQ that he used to bully gay people growing up in Puerto Rico.   Rating:   4   Views:   52   Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   Ed Sheeran Denounces Sex Symbol Status, Says Women Mother Him      Splash   Date  32 mins ago  1:02  Tooltip Information:  Ed Sheeran Denounces Sex Symbol Status, Says Women Mother Him  Video by:     Description:   Ed Sheeran may be a rock star, but he says he doesnt think of himself as a sex symbol and women tend to want to mother him instead of sleep with him.   Rating:   4   Views:   0   Now Playing  Up Next    Video Added   NSync Reunion Reminded Them What They Hated About Each Other      Splash   Date  2 hrs ago  1:08  Tooltip Information:  NSync Reunion Reminded Them What They Hated About Each Other  Video by:     Description:   Chris Kirkpatrick discusses the NSync reunion and says getting back together reminded them all what they love, and hate about each other. Dont count on them reuniting again.   Rating:   4   Views:   207  Duration: , Views: Rating:  This video must be watched on another web site. It cannot be added to My Playlist.  Loading... 1 of 930  3720  Like MSN on Facebook Feature cannot display as JavaScript is disabled on your browser More Celebrity News Olivia Newton-John's daughter overcomes drug demons Monica throws baby shower ahead of daughter's birth Chris Kirkpatrick felt too old to dance with 'N SYNC Beyonce and Jay Z caught up in Sean 'Diddy' Combs scuffle Katherine Jackson praises Paris' recovery Demi Lovato confirmed for Glee role Poll  Enable JavaScript to see this poll. Which star would you pick to be your celeb BFF? Thanks for being one of the first people to vote. Results will be available soon. Check for results Sandra Bullock 39%  Sandra Bullock 10,733votes Ryan Gosling 6%  Ryan Gosling 1,552votes Jennifer Aniston 14%  Jennifer Aniston 3,873votes Robert Downey Jr 9%  Robert Downey Jr 2,455votes Justin Bieber 2%  Justin Bieber 516votes George Clooney 6%  George Clooney 1,665votes Betty White 11%  Betty White 3,105votes Drew Barrymore 13%  Drew Barrymore 3,423votes Skip to results Back to voting Total Responses:27,322 Not scientifically valid. Results are updated every minute. Next MSN Entertainment Site Map Movies Features Galleries Reviews Video DVD News Showtimes Blog TV Listings Celebs News Celebutant Photos Video Blog Music Features Reviews Photos Video Blog Music Store Terms of use Advertise Privacy Statement Anti-Spam MSN Entertainment Support Feedback RSS © 2013 Microsoft Live search: Close Make MSN your Homepage