Advertisement  Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad  HOME Breaking Photos Video Crime Obituaries Weather Traffic Crosswords Sudoku Horoscopes Apps  Local L.A. Now Politics Crime Education O.C. Westside Neighborhoods Environment Data & Maps Local Plus  U.S. Politics Nation Now Politics Now Top of the Ticket Science Science Now Obituaries Religion  World World Now Afghanistan war Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East  Business Money & Co. Technology Highway 1 Company Town Personal Finance Jobs Real Estate Cars Business Plus  Sports Sports now Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels NFL Kings NHL/Ducks USC UCLA Preps Scores  Entertainment Awards: The Envelope Movies TV Music Celebrity Arts & Culture Industry Critics' Picks Ent Plus  Health Science Now Medicine Fitness & Nutrition Mental Health Health Reform Mind & Body Health Plus  Style Home Food Fashion Books L.A. Affairs Comics Reader Photos Summer Guide Living Plus  Travel SoCal California Mexico Hawaii Las Vegas Europe Asia Australia Travel & Deal Blog Travel Plus  Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters Opinion L.A. Top of the Ticket Readers' Rep  Shop Daily Deals Travel Offers Coupons Weekly Circulars Offers & Deals Sports Gear LA Times Product See More  Member Center Alerts & Newsletters Jobs Cars Real Estate Rentals Weekly Circulars Local Directory Place Ad   YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home  Collections  New York Auto Show 2013 New York Auto Show: Subaru shows hybrid crossover and concept WRX March 28, 2013 | By David Undercoffler Subaru unveiled the WRX Concept on Thursday morning at the 2013 New York (Subaru ) Subaru introduced its first pairing of hybrid power and all-wheel-drive in its Crosstrek crossover today at the 2013 New York International Auto Show, along with a concept performance car. The 2014 Subaru XV Crosstrek Hybrid is a hybrid version of the funky crossover hatchback the automaker introduced for 2013. PHOTOS: Subaru brings Crosstrek Hybrid and WRX CONCEPT to N.Y. The hybrid version pairs a 2.0-liter four-cylinder gasoline engine and a small electric motor to make the same amount of horsepower and pound-feet of torque as the gas-only model: 148 and 145, respectively. PHOTOS: Highlights of the 2013 N.Y. Auto Show The hybrid model is expected to get 28 mpg in the city and 34 mpg on the highway. This isnt a huge jump from the gas models 25/33 mpg rating; the hybrids 300-pound weight gain probably doesnt help. The electric motor is powered by a 13.5 kilowatt nickel-metal hydride battery that sits under the rear cargo area. Subaru says the compact battery means hybrid buyers give up only 1.7 cubic feet of cargo room in the trunk. The hybrid culls additional efficiency from regenerative brakes and an engine start/stop function. The hybrid shares its all-wheel-drive system and continuously variable transmission with the gas model, as well. Features such as a backup camera, heated front seats and mirrors, and a color, multi-function display screen are all standard on the Crosstrek Hybrid. Subaru said the hybrid retains the gas models 8.7 inches of ground clearance. Pricing on the Crosstrek Hybrid wasnt announced. Subaru said it will hit dealerships in the fall. Subaru also brought the WRX CONCEPT to the show. The automaker revealed few details about the car other than a fondness for capitalization. The car is essentially a design study for what will become a production WRX, a compact turbocharged sedan based largely on the more pedestrian Impreza. Because Subaru released a new Impreza for the 2012 model year, a WRX variant is expected soon -- possibly with unveiling at the 2013 L.A. Auto Show in November. Dont expect all the styling elements of the WRX Concept to make it to production. These includes the carbon-fiber roof that Subaru used to lower the cars center of gravity; the aggressive rear diffuser; the deeply sculpted headlights; and the quad exhaust tips protruding from the rear (Subaru may save those for the even more powerful STI variant). What should make it to the production car is the bulging hood and scoop. This feature channels air to the cars engine and intercooler and allows additional clearance for a turbocharger, which the WRX will almost certainly have. Subaru didnt announce details on the rest of the cars powertrain, but more details will probably trickle out as the production car nears its debut. See you in L.A.? ALSO: N.Y. Auto Show: Jeep brings back the Cherokee N.Y. Auto Show: Refreshed Honda Odyssey cleans up well N.Y. Auto Show: Cadillac unveils sleeker, more powerful CTS FEATURED Princess Diana museum to close, contents go to sons William, Harry How not to say the wrong thing How to find your lost or stolen iPhone 5 MORE: Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi buy Montecito mansion The FDA warns against using quinine for leg cramps Advertisement FROM THE ARCHIVES Lamborghini brings special-edition Aventador to Shanghai... April 19, 2013 2013 New York Auto Show: Toyota unveils new Highlander... March 27, 2013 Subaru to bring hybrid crossover to New York Auto Show March 20, 2013 BMW to bring diesel 3-Series to New York Auto Show March 15, 2013 New York Auto Show: New SRT Viper has more venom under the... April 4, 2012 MORE STORIES ABOUT New York Auto Show Car Variant Copyright 2013 Los Angeles Times Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Index by Date | Index by Keyword SiteCatalyst code version: H.1.Copyright 1997-2005 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  