 Skip to main content  logo_area The Official Source for Anchorage, Alaska Travel Information  Menu_top_right Meeting Planners Alaskans Travel Trade Media Film Members Languages Search form Search  weather_maps Weather | Maps  mega_menu Trip Ideas Reasons to Visit Anchorage Summer Family Winter Special Occasions Cruising to Alaska Adventure LGBT Solo/Independent Travelers Anchorage Photo Album Reasons to Visit Anchorage Edgy, metropolitan with frontier flair, Anchorage is spectacular. Summer Anchorage beckons exploration. Tap into your sense of adventure! Search by Topic Summer Activities Winter Activities Tours Arts, Culture  Entertainment Dining Shopping Summer Activities Anchorage visitors can pack in a lot of adventure. Fish, hike and more! Winter Activities Snowy bliss and cool activities – winters here are SNOW MUCH FUN. Accommodations Hotels, Motels  Inns BBs Resorts  Lodges Cabins Campgrounds  RV Parks Hostels Vacation Rentals Hotels, Motels & Inns Anchorage's hotels, intimate boutique offer sophistication and amenities. B B provide a peaceful retreat in the heart of great Alaska wilderness. Trip Tips Weather and Daylight Maps  Transportation Packages Deals Order a Guide Email Newsletter Signup Anchorage Travel Tips International Visitors Ask a Local Business Directory Weather and Daylight The climate in Anchorage is actually quite mild year round. Maps & Transportation Getting to Anchorage is easy – by air, land or sea. Have Questions? About Anchorage Visitor Information Centers FAQs Neighborhoods  Communities Visitor Information Local Services Jobs  Relocation Business Directory About Anchorage One destination. Endless adventure Visitor Information Centers The sod-roofed Log Cabin is the cornerstone of Alaska adventure.  main_menu_anchorage Discover Anchorage Things to Do Places to Stay Events Plan Your Visit Resources MMG Random Header Image   Arts, Culture  Entertainment The Anchorage arts are as varied as the landscape. Internationally renowned performers join local talent onstage, while countless festivals, a variety of cultural affairs and talented artists thrive amid inspiring surroundings. Sporting competitions of world-championship caliber offer both sideline spectator and competitor a great mecca for adventure. Winter, summer, spring and fall — the range is wild! Related Interests: Art | Culture  Heritage | Entertainment | Festivals | History | Museums | Music | Nightlife | Spectator Sports | Service Blocks for not-node pages Facebook Like Button Trip Builder Button Trip Builder Print Button Print Share This Button Tag Blocks Find Businesses Arts, Culture and Entertainment Art Galleries Car, Van  Limo Rental Classes, Workshops  Crafts Events Family Entertainment Festivals  Fairs Museums, Culture  Heritage Centers Nightlife Performing Arts Taxi Cabs Transportation Business Directory  1 Alaska Native elder in fur parka with traditional dance fans at the Alaska Native Heritage Center. ©Brian Adams/Alaska Native Heritage Center 2 Captivating performances by the Anchorage Opera keep patrons coming back for more. ©Visit Anchorage/Cathryn Posey 3 Experience the traditions of Alaska Native culture in Anchorage with authentic song and dance. ©Cathryn Posey/Visit Anchorage 4 Alaska Native craftwork is on display at the arts and crafts fair during the Alaska Federation of Natives annual convention. ©Visit Anchorage/Cathryn Posey 5 Ice carvings are part of the Fire and Ice New Year's Eve celebration in Anchorage's Town Square. ©ACVB/Roy Neese 6 Enjoy theatrical performances in Anchorage's most intimate theatres. ©Cyranos Theatre Company/Jamie Lang  7 The Nutcracker Ballet is a must-see production during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend in Anchorage. ©Anchorage Concert Association 8 Hobo Jim plays to the crowd at the popular Music in the Park concert series in downtown Anchorage. ©Visit Anchorage/Roy Neese 9 Locals and visitors love browsing and buying art on the first Friday of each month during the Anchorage First Friday Art Walk held year round. ©Visit Anchorage/Roy Neese previous next  Arts  Culture Articles See all Articles Previous Next  Anchorage Arts Scene Timeless, indigenous, diverse, eclectic, provocative, original – the arts in Anchorage reflect the inspiration felt everywhere; in the environment, the people, the culture and scenic surroundings. See More Come for Adventure, Stay for the Nightlife Anchorage's nightlife has never been better! Go dancing, see a show, check out a live band or trade stories of the day’s adventures in a local pub. Wind down or crank it up – it’ll be a night to... See More Anchorage Music Scene Listen for the resounding rhythm and song that floats through Anchorage, carried by the beat of an outdoor concert, music festival or cultural performance. See More  Anchorage Performing Arts Diverse and daring are the words that best describe Anchorage’s performing arts scene, which offers a spotlight for local and visiting artists to shine. See More Anchorage Events and Festivals There’s always something going on in Anchorage, and that’s the way locals and visitors like it. In fact, we throw parties year-round, no matter the weather or occasion. See More Alaska Native Cultural Gatherings Cultural gatherings are a much-anticipated part of the Alaska Native culture and can be some of the best opportunities to interact with Alaska Native locals. See More  Sporting Action Never Stops In Anchorage Hey sports fans! Anchorage has two summer league baseball teams, a professional hockey franchise, club-style boxing matches and exciting collegiate sports. See More The Anchorage Music Scene: The Listening Room Listen for the resounding rhythm and song that floats through Anchorage, carried by the beat of an outdoor concert, music festival or cultural performance. See More Anchorage Concerts and Shows Take Center Stage From sentimental favorites to smash Broadway sensations, the Anchorage arts scene presents a wide range of performances for the 2012-2013 season.  See More Arts  Culture Itineraries See all Itineraries First Friday: A Day of Art How it’s Made Day Spa Alaska-Style   Siderail Ad - Events See the Anchorage Calendar of Events Siderail Ad Listings See The Anchorage Business Directory Siderail Ad - Deals Money-Saving Offers View Anchorage Deals   Footer Get your free guide to Anchorage Sign up for our Anchorage's latest news via email Visit Anchorage Anchorage.net is the official source for Anchorage, Alaska and Southcentral Alaska travel information on everything from outdoor adventures to metropolitan amenities.  Anchorage Convention  Visitors Bureau dba Visit Anchorage  Kevin G. Smith/AlaskaStock.com Quick Links About Visit Anchorage Privacy Policy About Anchorage FAQs Need Help? Contact Us Languages Site Map Business Listings: Accommodations Attractions Dining Entertainment Outdoor Recreation Shopping Tours Resources: Associations  Organizations Getting Here Official Visitor Resources Business Directory Transportation Trip Planning  Vacation Packages Services: Event, Group  Meeting Planners Professional Visitor Facebook Twitter Youtube Pinterest  