 South Africa Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Blogs You are here: Home > Transport in South Africa > Vehicle Ownership > Buying a New Car Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Temporary Importation Import Requirements Duties  Taxes Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Registration  Licencing Public Transport Air Travel Useful Contacts Show Worldwide AngloINFO Home Argentina Australia Azerbaijan Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Costa Rica Cyprus Denmark Dubai France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Malaysia Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Panama Portugal Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Inside South Africa Maps Emergency Numbers South Africa News Weather Public Holidays Foreign Exchange Translate Online Essentials  Currency Converter Currency from: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Australian Dollar Brazilian Real Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Currency to: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Brazilian Real Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso  Buying and Selling a Car in South Africa Information on the paperwork and processes involved when buying a new car in South Africa; the documents required and where they must be sent... It is relatively straightforward to buy a car in South Africa, either as a resident or as a non-resident. Cars can be bought privately, from a dealership or an auction. VAT is charged on taxable goods supplied by a trader, such as a car dealer, but this tax is normally included in the sale price. All cars purchased in South Africa must be registered in South Africa. Buying a New Car New cars can be bought from dealers or online from websites such as Autotrader . VAT, currently at 14 percent, is included in the sale price of new cars bought from dealerships. For the Autotrader guide to buying new cars: Click here Registering a new vehicle To register a new vehicle it is necessary to go to the nearest motor vehicle registration authority with the following documents: Proof of ID (such as a passport or identity card) The manufacturer's certificate with details about the vehicle A roadworthy certificate (if the vehicle is a heavy load) The completed application form for registering and licencing a motor vehicle (RLV). To download a copy of the RLV form: Click here (PDF) Fee The fee for registering a vehicle depends on the province in which it is registered. For more details about registering a vehicle and the fees involved: Click here  Duties  Taxes Buying a Used Car  Related Information Driving Types of Roads Parking Penalties Drinking and Driving Accidents  Injuries Driving Licences Foreign Driving Licences South African Licences Renewing a Licence Vehicle Ownership Temporary Importation Import Requirements Duties  Taxes Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Registration  Licencing Public Transport Bus  Coach Train Travel Air Travel Airport Hand Baggage Useful Contacts Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... If you believe any of the information on this page is incorrect or out-of-date, please let us know. AngloINFO makes every effort to ensure its INFOrmation Pages are as comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date as possible, but we're also grateful for any help! (If you want to contact AngloINFO for any other reason, please follow the instructions on this website's contact page .) Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Your IP address: LOGGED (10.227.138.16) Your suggestion: *  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Contact , Cookies . AngloINFO | Everyday life in South Africa, in English Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! X Welcome to AngloINFO South Africa Everything you need for life in South Africa - local information you can trust We have local franchise opportunities in South Africa and around the world Do you dream of having your own, profitable, easy-to-operate business? AngloINFO might be the solution! Now in its thirteenth year of business, AngloINFO is the world's leading network of expat information websites - with over three million monthly visitors from around the world. We have an established network of 81 local websites in 37 countries with many more in development. Our 54 local franchisees are the key to our success and come from a huge range of backgrounds, ages and nationalities. The common factor is a passion for success. Find out more... Close Window 