 Sooper Articles Your Best Article Source..  Titles Contents Authors  Welcome, Guest Submit Articles Sooper Authors Top Articles Blog Widgets RSS Feeds FAQ Contact  Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Article Categories  Art  Entertainment Actors Comics  Animation Humor Movies  TV Music Philosophy Photography Poetry Tattoos Theater Visual Art Automotive Business Careers Communications Education Finance Food  Drinks Gaming Health  Fitness Hobbies Home and Family Home Improvement Internet Law News  Society Pets Real Estate Relationship Self Improvement Shopping Spirituality Sports Technology Travel Writing Subscribe to Latest Articles Enter your email address:  Useful Links For Authors Author Guidelines Article Writing Tips Why Submit Articles  Home Art  Entertainment Articles Humor Articles Funny Quotes And Funny Sayings Funny Quotes And Funny Sayings By Alex Harper on June 22, 2011 0 Many famous people have some of the brightest and some of the funniest quotes around. It is always good to be able to reference a quotes from a movie, tv show, or a famous person you know. Famous quotes are used all of the time when writing papers, or just talking to your friends. It is always fun to reference a famous quote from a funny movie when comparing it to everyday life. Teachers and readers of papers are going to enjoy a funny quote from a quality source every time. If you come across a quote you enjoy while reading an article you will be willing to read more articles from that particular writer. Some of the best quotes in the world come from funny television shows. Seinfeld for example has many funny quotes that can be used in everyday life. People find themselves comparing everyday situations to shows like Seinfeld, and it is always better to have a quote to go along with your comparison. Funny quotes come in handy when you are trying to motivate yourself of a friend to do something. Motivational quotes can get people to exercise and eat healthier. Motivational quotes make it easier on people to do something that presents a challenge. Without these quotes so many people would have trouble getting through tough times. Same goes for a graduation quote. Being able to quote a famous person while graduating from school can really touch peoples hearts and help them with their futures. These are only a few times and places that funny quotes and sayings can be helpful. People should enjoy a funny quote every morning to help get them through the day. Chase Jones likes Funny Quotes and Funny Sayings .  Rate this Article Currently 0/5 1 2 3 4 5 Funny Quotes And Funny Sayings Not Rated Yet Add Comment Contact Author Email this Article Comments (0) Bookmark Print Report Article Alex Harper has published 100 articles. Article submitted on June 22, 2011 . Word count: 281 The Smartest Way to Locate The Funniest Video Clips Online Free comedy is everywhere on the Internet, and this helpful guide will show you the easiest and most reliable places to watch comedy online. Written by: Sean T Green The Secret of Success of Funny Comic Strips Successful funny comic strips contain three basic features, which include a profound sense of humor, imaginative quality of the creator and the ability to draw matching comic characters telling the story perfectly to the point. You need to practice the art of creating comic strips successfully. Written by: Birendra Mohan Bhattacharjee Carry an Ecstasy to Someone With Christmas Sayings The use of Christmas sayings is indeed a positive and optimistic choice in conveying the wishes. It keeps the spirit of the festive season alive and adds the personal fragrance of love and affection as well. Written by: Kalpendra Chaudhary Sms, Very Short Word in Read, Write And Pronounce SMS, very short word in read, write and pronounce while a vital communication channel of today life. A common man is making it part of life in terms of communication with friends and relatives. We receive a no. of SMS on daily basis like jokes, news, horoscope, updates and more. Written by: Samee Ullah Submit Articles | Blog | Author Guidelines | Mobile | Widgets | FAQ | Advertise | Resources | Privacy Policy | Terms of Services | Contact Copyright  2013 Sooper Articles - Free Articles . All Rights Reserved. Powered by: ISolution X Post a Comment on this Article Note: We read and moderate all comments before they visible on article page. Your email address will not be published. Fields marked with asteric are required. Name: * Email: * Website: Comments: * Type the characters you see in the picture below. *  