 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Flickr More omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile  Yahoo! omg  Search omg! Search Web  Sign In  Mail Go to Mail." data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'> Help  Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo!  Home Yahoo! Originals omg! Insider Exclusive Videos The Yo Show Us Weekly Photos  Celebrity News | Celebrity Gossip - Yahoo! omg!  All omg! News Yahoo! Originals Us Weekly Video Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance: Breaking Bads Hank and Marie Schrader Are Disgusted (Video) As if finding out your brother-in-law was a meth dealing kingpin wasnt bad enough, Hank and Marie Schrader were forced to watch Miley Cyrus give Alan Thickes son a lap dance. The Wrap Like Remove Chris Kirkpatrick: N Sync VMAs Reunion Reminded Me Why We Hate Each Other With Lance Bass and JC Chasez also nixing any larger-scale N Sync reunion plans, Chris Kirkpatrick jokes that N Syncs VMA reunion reminded the group what we hate about each other Us Weekly Like Remove Look Fabulous After Age 50! Adonia Organics is the top choice of many celebrities for at-home, anti-aging skin care treatments. Use code SUMMER to save $15 on your first order. AdChoices Adonia Organics Sponsored Look out: A fall harvest of new broadcast TV shows NEW YORK (AP) — Theres something antiquated about the custom long known as the Fall TV Season. Associated Press Like Remove Tiger Woods withdraws from Begays charity event VERONA, N.Y. (AP) -- Tiger Woods has pulled out of a charity event for good friend Notah Begay because of his ailing back. The Associated Press Like Remove Miley Cyrus Twerky PR Ploy Forbes Like Remove Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx Dance to Blurred Lines at Hamptons Event Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx danced to Robin Thickes Blurred Lines and other tracks with each other at the Apollo in the Hamptons benefit on Aug. 24 Us Weekly Like Remove Princess Dianas Ex Hasnat Khan Slams New Biopic, Says Movie Got Their Romance Completely Wrong Princess Dianas ex-love Hasnat Khan says the upcoming biopic about their romance (starring Naomi Watts and Naveen Andrews) got it completely wrong Us Weekly Like Remove It’s a Boy for ‘NCIS’ Star Eric Christian Olsen He plays a super sleuth on NCIS: Los Angeles, but now Eric Christian Olsen will trade forensics for fatherhood. The 36-year-old actor and his wife of one year, Parks and Recreation actress Sarah Wright, welcomed their first child together on … Continue reading → omg! Like Remove Michael Jackson Estate Facing $702 Million Tax Bill Though Michael Jacksons estate managed to pay off the stars massive personal debt (totaling nearly half a billion dollars) in November 2012, its now being accused of undervaluing a number of Jackso[...] Rolling Stone Like Remove View The 8 Best Crowd Reactions at the VMAs (8 photos) There were a lot of unhappy, perplexed and amazed faces in the crowd tonight. The real show was in the seats at this years VMAs. Like Remove Idol Chatter: Hitmaker Dr. Luke Bows Out as Possible Third Judge — So, What Now? Veteran music producer Dr. Luke will not, as recently rumored, be joining American Idol‘s Season 13 panel, due to a professional conflict — thus calling into serious question who will be the third judge. PHOTO GALLERY | American Idol: 10 […] TVLine.com Like Remove Leo on Sex Scenes & Debauchery in New Film Leonardo DiCaprio teams up with Martin Scorsese in the upcoming black comedy The Wolf of Wall Street and Leo is opening up about some of the films graphic sex scenes. ET Online Like Remove The Butler tops box office with $16.5 million NEW YORK (AP) — Despite three new releases, the period drama Lee Daniels The Butler and the road trip comedy Were the Millers stayed atop the box office. Associated Press Like Remove Madonna Leads Forbes List of Highest-Paid Celebrities Madonnas MDNA disappointed on the charts last year, but the singers impressive MDNA tour, merchandise sales and investments in companies landed her atop Forbes list of the highest earning celebritie[...] Rolling Stone Like Remove Bad News For Agents, Great News For New York If you are currently insured, have no DUI's, and drive less than 50 miles per day, you are paying too much for auto insurance. AdChoices FreeRateReport Sponsored Beyonce Changes Hair Yet Again, Parties With Jay Z After Skipping MTV VMAs Beyonce showed off yet another hairstyle when she hit a VMAs party in NYC with Jay Z after skipping the actual awards on Aug. 25 Us Weekly Like Remove Indonesian clerics call for ban of Miss World JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — One of Indonesias most influential Islamic groups is urging the government to cancel the Miss World pageant scheduled for next month, saying the exposure of skin by women in a competition violates Muslim teachings, an official said Monday. Associated Press Like Remove View 2013 MTV Video Music Awards Red Carpet Arrivals (32 photos) The wildest and most watercooler-worthy fashions in music are always on display at the MTV Video Music Awards! Who really rocked the red carpet this year? Lets find out. Like Remove Miley Cyrus Posts Raunchy Photos of Butt, Brags More About VMAs Keep on twerking? Miley Cyrus shares raunchy new backside photos the day after her shocking MTV VMAs performance and shares rave reviews of her appearance with Robin Thicke Us Weekly Like Remove Trump calls NY attorney general a political hack ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — Donald Trump on Monday defended his Trump University as a booming success for student entrepreneurs and blasted New Yorks attorney general, who called it a scam. Associated Press Like Remove Paula Abdul Wants to Transition to TV Acting Paula Abdul has spent the bulk of her career in the music industry -- first as a singer and choreographer and then as a talent judge on American Idol -- but she now says shes ready to conquer the world of acting! ET Online Like Remove Load more stories  Featured Galleries . Top Shots (Week: August 26, 2013) . Splashy Celeb Baby Showers . Worst Celebrity Grills . Social Snaps: Week of August 26, 20  Show More Galleries   Copyright © 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.  | Yahoo! omg! | Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy   