 Home All Autopalooza Events Stay in Touch  Date: May 31-June 2 Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix The Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix returns to the Motor City May 31-June 2, 2013. The event will feature the cars of the IZOD IndyCar Series, the Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series and the Pirelli World Challenge Championship Series. The weekend collectively is referred to as the Chevrolet Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix and in 2013 it will feature IndyCar doubleheader races on Saturday and Sunday - the Chevrolet Dual in Detroit presented by Quicken Loans. View full event information Date: June 15 Eastpointe Gratiot Cruise In its 16th year, the Eastpointe Gratiot Cruise embodies the community spirit of celebration of our love affair with the car. The event engulfs the entire week, featuring cruise nights leading up to the big event as well as the Idol contest on cruise Saturday! All efforts go to benefit local charities. View full event information Date: June 15-16 Quicken Loans 400 NASCAR Weekend Nestled in the lush Irish Hills of Southeastern Michigan, Michigan International Speedway is the Great Escape, a venerable NASCAR national park where fans can get away and enjoy the very best in racing and camaraderie. It's the love of racing and the thrill of a great time for race fans and drivers alike. View full event information Date: June 16 EyesOn Design Automotive Design Exhibition The 26th annual EyesOn Design Automotive Design Exhibition will be held on Father's Day, Sunday June 16, 2013 at the Edsel & Eleanor Ford House in Grosse Pointe Shores, Michigan. EyesOn Design is unique among international automotive exhibitions in that it celebrates design, rather than vehicle rarity, restoration or celebrity ownership. View full event information Date: June 15-16 Motor Muster Join us to celebrate one of the innovative eras of American automotive history - 1933-1976. The streets of Greenfield Village will be filled with hundreds of classic cars, vintage trucks, motorcycles - even a fire engine or two. They're all here, from brawny, muscle cars to the real straight-out-of-the-showroom cars you and your parents grew up with. This year Motor Muster features the American compact car. Stay late for the Saturday evening cruise. View full event information Date: June 22-23 Sloan Museum Auto Fair This event is a fun-filled two-day show with plenty of music, entertainment, vendors and of course, automobiles! The Flint Cultural Center campus becomes home to more than 600 of the best looking cars, trucks and motorcycles around. Enjoy lectures, feature cars, exhibits, planetarium shows, kids activities, music and much more! View full event information Date: June 29 Cruisin' Downriver Downriver has a love affair with cars! We love the classic '57 Thunderbirds and the '55 Chevys, the '69 Camaro and the '70 Chevelle SS muscle cars, all of the Corvettes and the 40-plus years of the Ford Mustang, to name a few. We love the flamed paint jobs, the chrome side pipes, the low rumbles of the powerful engines and the smell of burning rubber! View full event information Date: July 27 RM Auctions Vintage Motor Cars One of the nation's most prestigious auction events held in conjunction with the world famous Concours d'Elegance show. One hundred historically significant automobiles will be offered at this important sale held on the grounds of The Inn at St. John's in Plymouth, Michigan View full event information Date: July 28 Concours d'Elegance of America The 2013 Concours d'Elegance of America will be held at The Inn at St. John's on Sunday, July 28th. The site offers its handsome grounds for showcasing the invited world-class vehicles as well as a luxury hotel on the premises; it incorporates charming meeting rooms and fine dining facilities. View full event information Date: August 4 Clinton Township Gratiot Cruise Go back in time with vehicles from all eras cruising Gratiot. Gratiot is one of those Michigan roads where everyone has a memory. Now the communities along M-3 join in remembering and reliving days gone by while have a lot of fun View full event information Date: August 13-17 Back to the Bricks Cruise Weekend Back to the Bricks Cruise Weekend is celebrating its 9th anniversary in 2013. Last year, Back to the Bricks attracted 20,000+ cars. The weekend gets started early with rolling cruises from Grand Blanc to downtown Flint. View full event information Date: August 17-18 Pure Michigan 400 NASCAR Weekend Nestled in the lush Irish Hills of Southeastern Michigan, Michigan International Speedway is the Great Escape, a venerable NASCAR national park where fans can get away and enjoy the very best in racing and camaraderie. It's the love of racing and the thrill of a great time for race fans and drivers alike. View full event information Date: August 17 The Woodward Dream Cruise The Woodward Dream Cruise is the world's largest one-day celebration of classic car culture, attracting more than 1 million visitors and over 40,000 muscle cars, street rods, custom, collector and special interest vehicles. This world-famous event gets underway with the Official Woodward Dream Cruise Ribbon Cutting Ceremony in Ferndale. View full event information Date: August 25 Cruisin' Hines This is a true celebration of classic car culture, congregating in 7.5 miles of beautiful park setting. Cruisin' Hines has grown in only two years to 40,000 classic cars and hot rods. Cruise the 7.5 miles of Hines Drive enjoying beautiful scenery and the historic Nankin Mills, one of Henry Ford's Village Industry buildings. This is also the only Cruise in Southeast Michigan that closes the road to only Classics and Hot Rods. View full event information Date: September 7-8 Old Car Festival This Old Car Festival weekend, take in the spectacle as the streets and grounds of Greenfield Village are filled with the sights, sounds, and smells of hundreds of authentic vehicles from the 1890s through 1932. Enjoy a self-guided tour through this fabulous expositions and talk to proud owners about their treasured vehicles. View full event information Date: September 22 Orphan Car Show Orphan brands do not die! They live on with this annual reunion of vehicles from DeSoto to Packard to Franklin and Plymouth. The 2013 show features small and mini orphan cars and trucks. View full event information  Welcome to Autopalooza! Autopalooza is a celebration of Southeast Michigan's automotive heritage through a series of major cruises, races, and shows during the summer months.     