 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Flickr More omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile  Yahoo! Answers  Search Answers Search Web  Sign In  Mail Go to Mail." data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'> Help  Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback Yahoo!  Home Browse Categories Arts  Humanities Beauty  Style Business  Finance Cars  Transportation Computers  Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education  Reference Entertainment  Music Environment Family  Relationships Food  Drink Games  Recreation Health Home  Garden Local Businesses News  Events Pets Politics  Government Pregnancy  Parenting Science  Mathematics Social Science Society  Culture Sports Travel Yahoo! Products My Activity Sorry, you need to be Signed in to see this. Not a member? Join Here . About How Answers Works Points & Levels Community Guidelines Leaderboard Suggestion Board Answers Blog  Ask What would you like to ask?  Answer Discover What are you looking for? Advanced Search Home  All Categories  Arts  Humanities  Visual Arts  Other - Visual Arts  Resolved Question ..... ... Member since: April 12, 2011 Total points: 67 (Level 1) Add Contact Block Resolved Question Show me another  What are the differences between a Fine Art, Visual Art, and Performing Art college? Ill be a senior in high school next year. This will help so much.. 2 years ago Report Abuse  by 3 Miss A 3 Member since: April 19, 2006 Total points: 1,177 (Level 3) Add Contact Block Best Answer - Chosen by Voters A degree in Fine Arts can prepare students for careers in the visual arts or the performing arts. Programs at colleges, universities, art academies and technical schools often provide an overview of Fine Arts before requiring students to choose a concentration. Fine Arts Coursework Fine Arts programs are as varied as the students who enroll in them. Students may choose to concentrate in a visual art, such as painting photography and sculpture, or they may conentrate in a performing art like dance, voice and theater. Examples of topics a Fine Arts student can expect to study are listed below: Art history Art theory and criticism Performing arts 2D art (painting, drawing, photography) 3D art (sculpture, pottery) Digital art Associate of Fine Arts (AFA) An associates degree program in Fine Arts from a two-year or four-year college or university provides a foundation for upper class work leading to a bachelors degree. Two-year technical schools and art academies may provide more specialized training in a shorter amount of time. Some career opportunities available to Associate of Fine Arts graduates are listed below: Private music or art teacher Theater production assistant Freelance photographer Jewelry designer Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) Bachelor of Fine Arts programs help artists define their creative expression and develop professional skills that will help them promote their art as freelancers or obtain jobs with arts-related companies or nonprofit organizations. This undergraduate degree qualifies graduates for entry-level positions with galleries, museums and theater companies, including such job positions as the following: Creative writer Actor/director Art teacher Art therapist Dance instructor Master of Fine Arts (MFA) A Master of Fine Arts can lead to management and directorship positions in arts-related enterprises. Graduate degree programs offer both the creative and the management skills needed to become a museum director or a theatrical producer, for example. Master of Fine Arts candidates specialize in their chosen area of concentration. Career opportunities include the following: Curator Appraiser Costume designer Archivist Nonprofit administrator The visual arts are those creations we can look at, such as a drawing or a painting. Here is a partial list: drawing painting sculpture architecture photography film printmaking And the decorative arts of ceramics furniture and interior design jewelry making metal crafting wood working Any one of these disciplines is a type of visual art. Performance Art is live. • Performance Art has no rules or guidelines. It is art because the artist says it is art. It is experimental. • Performance Art is not for sale. It may, however, sell admission tickets and film rights. • Performance Art may be comprised of painting or sculpture (or both), dialogue, poetry, music, dance, opera, film footage, turned on television sets, laser lights, live animals and fire. Or all of the above. There are as many variables as there are artists. • Performance Art is a legitimate artistic movement. It has longevity (some performance artists, in fact, have rather large bodies of work) and is a degreed course of study in many post-secondary institutions. • Dada, Futurism, the Bauhaus and the Black Mountain College all inspired and helped pave the way for Performance Art. • Performance Art is closely related to Conceptual Art. Both Fluxus and Body Art are types of Performance Art. • Performance Art may be entertaining, amusing, shocking or horrifying. No matter which adjective applies, it is meant to be memorable. They are all connected in a way. There are MANY art schools to choose from. If you like acting then go for a performing art college. If you like animation and computer art, then search for a visual art college. If you like painting, drawing, etc then go to a fine art college. I like media arts like 3d animation so I am searching visual arts. Some colleges teach all 3. 2 years ago Report Abuse 100% 2 Votes 0 stars - mark this as Interesting! Email Comment ( 0 ) Save Add to My Yahoo! Add to Del.icio.us RSS  There are currently no comments for this question. * You must be logged into Answers to add comments. Sign in or Register . Other Answers (0) No other answers. Discover Questions in Other - Visual Arts I have a pice of art work that could be a masterpiece, please read more...? I need help with the colors for a mosaic art piece? Cool dark/gothic names? Names for online art shop? Urgent!? Ready to Participate? Get Started! Trending Now 1 Paula Patton 2 Paula Deen 3 McDonald's wings 4 Destroyers Syria 5 African serval cat 6 Phoenix haboob 7 Tesla outsells Porsche 8 Into the Wild 9 Sonia Gandhi 10 ConAgra recall Categories All Categories Arts  Humanities Visual Arts Drawing  Illustration Other - Visual Arts Painting Photography Sculpture Who found this interesting?  Be the first person to mark this question as interesting! Answers International Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Philippines Quebec Singapore South Korea Spain Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States Vietnam en Español Yahoo! does not evaluate or guarantee the accuracy of any Yahoo! Answers content. Click here for the Full Disclaimer. Help us improve Yahoo! Answers. Send Feedback Copyright © 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright/IP Policy - Privacy Policy - About Our Ads - Terms of Service - Community Guidelines - Safety Tips 