 Constraint kept separate from header so header can befixed above the page and still position correctly Skip to Content TIME Entertainment Sections  Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Style Opinion Photos Magazine Video LIFE.com Lists Sports Search Search TIME Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr RSS Apps Home Movies Television Books Music Populist Video Games Photos Sports Movies The Art of the Steal: 10 Great Heist Films Always impressed by daring, ingenuity, and nerves of steel, TIME casts an admiring look at an impressive lineup of big-screen capers Share Read Later prev 1 of 12 next View All Big Time Crooks By Gary Susman Feb. 26, 2013 0 Warner Bros. A heist like the recent armed theft of $50 million in diamonds from the Brussels airport makes everyone think the same thing: This sounds like a movie . After all, for the last 110 years or so (ever since Edwin S. Porters 1903 landmark The Great Train Robbery ), the movies have delighted in showing us elaborate robbery schemes while toying with our sympathies: should we identify with the side of law and order?  Or with the calculating crooks, as the films seem to encourage us to do? The heist movie has become a dependable sub-genre of its own, one that persuades us to admire the outlaws ingenuity, even if were rooting for their failure. After the demise of Hollywoods production code in the late 1960s, the thieves were, on occasion, even allowed to get away with it, twisting our sympathies even further. No one likes to be conned or victimized in real life, but in the movies, theres no small pleasure in being successfully swindled. Here, then, are 10 of the most influential heist movies, capers that (aptly enough) other caper films have stolen from. Next Rififi Full List Heist Films Big Time Crooks Rififi The Killing Reservoir Dogs Quick Change Oceans Eleven The Bank Job Inside Man Heat The Town Three Kings Email Print Share Facebook Twitter Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Reddit Digg Mixx Delicious Google+ Comment Follow @TIMECulture 13 comments Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in   + Follow  Post comment      Link   Newest | Oldest  sachinmench 5pts Guys watch 'Special 26', its based on true robbery happened in Mumbai, even after 35 years the mastermind is yet to find... It never happened in the history that crook has given ad in news paper o recruit people to help him in a robbery...   dnjunge001 5pts Where's RONIN??? KenyattaBecktemba 5pts There are shoot outs and then there are shoot outs.  Heat is in the number one spot and my remain there for years to come.  Heat replaced my number one choice which maintained it's  #1 spot for over 40 yrs  (Yes over 40 yrs)  The classic Western " The Wild Bunch"   It has now moved to the # 2 spot.  Hey records are made to be broken.   JohnSleeman 5pts "The Lady Killers" the 1955 Alec Guinness version surely should be on this list. It is the perfect blend of suspense and dark comedy that makes this a classic. Read more: http://entertainment.time.com/2013/02/27/the-art-of-the-steal-10-great-heist-films/#ixzz2MzKoqdNa JayUrbain 5pts I loved Italian Job. ToddBergland 5pts The Great Train Robbery doesn't even get a nod? D.j.Euphoria 5pts "Thursday" directed by Skip Woods was also superior to half the entries on this list, but I'm sure the author has never experienced that movie as it is very hard to find. D.j.Euphoria 5pts How do you leave off Guy Ritchie's SNATCH from this list? Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels..is also superior to "The Bank Job". (And I'm not even English). What about "The Usual Suspects"...sheesh, c'mon man. RyanHarton 5pts So Midnight Cowboy is a film from 1969... But hey... Who's counting..? Just me evidently... donkeyhodey 5pts What? Your not including -To Catch A Thief -  1955 - One of Hitchcocks finest. mnkracker 5pts Oh come on you totaly forgot "Kelly's Heroes." Yes it is a war heist movie but still a very good movie and far better than "3 queens" samhain1969 5pts I agree Yup...  Also, as far as war-movie heist films go, I prefer Kelly's Heroes to Three Kings any day... Yup_ItsCaitlin 5pts 1 Like The original Italian Job?  Latest from our Partners Should a 15-Year-Old Who Killed Four People Be Sentenced to Life in Prison?  Slate Digital Multiplex: Now You See Me and Captain America  Rotten Tomatoes Subscribe Popular Among Subscribers Having It All Without Having Children The Plight of the Honeybee Health: Why I Would Vote No On Pot 10 Questions for Manny Pacquiao Get all access to digital and print Subscribe Most Popular From Entertainment 4 Reasons Youre Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance MTV’s Video Music Awards: Who Got Cheered, Who Got Booed and Who Got Naked Breaking Bad Watch: Confessions of a Middle-Aged Drug Kingpin The VMAs: The Best and Worst The 25 Best Songs of 2013 (So Far) From Time.com 4 Reasons Youre Still Hearing About Miley Cyrus VMAs Performance Get Ready For a COLD Winter Zimmerman Wants Florida to Pay Legal Bills The VMAs: The Best and Worst Fast Food Strikes Go Viral: Workers Expected to Protest Low Wages in 35 Cities Thursday More on TIME Syrias Slow-Motion Civil War Idaho Wildfires Encroach On Popular Resort Towns 11 Suspiciously Sound-Alike Songs Made in America Is Making a Comeback Connect With TIME  Sign up for TIMEs entertainment newsletter  Movies Draft Picks: 10 Drinking-Buddy Movies Two new movies inspire a toast to films about frothy, foamy friendships Populist At Your Service: 10 Great TV and Movie Butlers Movies Flights of Fancy: 10 Great Airplane Movies  iPad iPhone Android TIME TV Populist The Page TIME Home NewsFeed U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Photos Videos Lists Magazine  2013 Time Inc. All rights reserved Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights RSS Newsletter Mobile TIME For Kids Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Use Media Kit Reprints & Permissions Help Site Map Ad Choices Custom Content Powered by WordPress.com VIP our partners  