       Tuesday, January 25, 2011 2011 Portland International Auto Show It's that time of year again: Time for the Portland International Auto Show. While not exactly New York, Detroit, LA, or Chicago, it's here, and there will be a good amount of vehicles. I'll be there tomorrow for the media day. Stay tuned for photos! Vehicles of note: Chevrolet Sonic, Fiat 500, 2012 Focus, and more. LINK: Portland International Auto Show  Posted by Andy Lilienthal at 10:30 PM  Labels: events , Oregon , Portland , Portland Auto Show  No comments: Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)   Do you like subcompact sedans?  Popular Posts  Review: 2013 Hyundai Veloster Turbo: Adding some much needed grunt to a unique compact The Veloster Turbo now has enough power to match its sporty looks. Photo by Curtis Reesor. The Hyundai Veloster is a very interesting v... Chevrolet Spark vs. Mitsubishi Mirage As far as a-segment vehicles are concerned, Id venture to say the Chevrolet Spark has been pretty successful. While other a-segmen... Review: 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe 3.8 Track: Big power, big fun The 2013 Genesis Coupe gets an aggressive new front fascia. Our tester looked great in silver. Photo by Curtis Reesor. One of the fundam... Subcompacts dominate "10 Cheapest Cars to Own" list Most of us know that subcompacts and small cars are typically less expensive to own than larger vehicles. Many times they use less gas, and... In the Driveway: 2014 Chevrolet Volt In the driveway this week is the 2014 Chevrolet Volt. As you may know, this compact plug-in electric hybrid does have a gasoline engine o...  About Subcompact Culture Subcompact Culture is all about small vehicles. From news and reviews to cars shows and project vehicles: Subcompact is the small car blog. Thanks for stopping by, and enjoy your visit. Andy Lilienthal Contact Do you have a subcompact story idea? Want to just shoot me an e-mail? You can contact me by clicking here.  Tweets by @Subcompact  Posts  Atom  Posts Comments  Atom  Comments    Copyright 2008-2013. Powered by Blogger .  