 Automotive Website Consultants Tools For Repair Shops And Dealers Online Marketing Website Traffic Review Strategy Referrals And Retention Contact Us Free Consultation  Automotive Website Consultants is dedicated to growing the business of auto repair shops and service centers across the USA. I utilize all means of auto repair marketing to drive profitable customers to your shop. My focus is on SEO (making sure your website shows up on Google for profitable search phrases) and other strategies that earn a high return on your investment. Schedule a free initial 30-minute consultation so I can begin helping you overcome any challenges you are facing and get you on a path to dominating your market. Our clients are consistently turning first time website visitors into valued repeat customers. Often their biggest problem is figuring out how to quickly expand their operation in order to serve all the customers we send their way. Click the button below to lean more about my free 30-minute consultation. Oct 02 [Radio Interview] Listen and Learn A New Blog Strategy By casey | Radio Interview , slideshow 1 Comment I was recently interviewed by The Experience Pros, a premiere small business radio talk show (reaching an estimated 250,000 business owners across 16 states). Below is a clip of my discussion about online advertising with Angel and Eric. Make sure to listen all the way to the end because I  [Read more...] Sep 27 Can This Issue Tracking Software Change Your Business? By casey | Uncategorized Leave a Comment One of the hardest things to do when running your own business is staying organized. If you don’t have a process for this, you are likely to get swept away into meaningless (or unprofitable) tasks. Recently I have started using a cool issue tracking software called DoneDone and I thought you  [Read more...] Aug 29 Wed Like To Welcome YICD To The Family! By casey | Uncategorized Leave a Comment We'd like to welcome our newest client, Your Import Car Doctor. Tim Wilson has been fixing cars in the Colorado Springs area since 1986 and we are very excited to be working with them. As their name indicates, they specialize in all types of import cars, but they'd be happy to work on any car you  [Read more...] May 02 How To Harness Word of Mouth For High Returns: Customer Review Strategy By casey | Strategy Leave a Comment Let’s face it... Marketing messages coming from you only carry so much weight. No matter what you say about yourself your prospective customers will take it with a grain of salt. Yet nearly every business out there leans on tired old clichés like “Best Customer Service”, “Lowest  [Read more...] May 02 How To Cut Through The Clutter: Website Traffic and Lead Generation By casey | Traffic Leave a Comment The first step to our 3 Prong Approach is...Traffic and Lead GenerationAs I am sure you know, you can throw a rock in the air and hit someone claiming to “get you to the top of Google”. The sad reality is that there are many many illegitimate businesses in the online marketing space.  [Read more...] May 01 The Master Sales Man vs The Computer Geek: Who Sells More Cars? By casey | Uncategorized Leave a Comment Anyone who’s ever been successful at selling knows that the art of selling cars and quoting service takes years to master.The mind of a good salesman couldn’t be more different from that of a computer programmer. Yet most companies hire computer programmers to handle their internet  [Read more...] Apr 18 Don’t Build A Mobile Website, Build A Responsive Website By casey | Strategy Leave a Comment Many of the questions I get these days is about mobile.Do I need an app? Do I need a separate website for iPhone, Android, iPad, Tablet etc? How should my mobile site differ from my regular site?What this all boils down to is… What is your mobile strategy?Fortunately there is now a  [Read more...] Apr 13 How Much Meat Are You Leaving On The Bone? Auto Repair Referrals and Retention By casey | slideshow , Strategy Leave a Comment Online marketing for the auto industry is still in the very early stages. These days most dealers and auto shops have some sort of online strategy but have not thought about how to use the web for auto repair referrals and customer retention.Day after day they battle to attract new visitors to  [Read more...] Apr 01 My Three-Prong Approach To Automotive Online Marketing By casey | slideshow , Strategy 1 Comment Imagine this scenario…The phone rings. It’s someone claiming they can help with your marketing. They are touting some fancy new service, promising you the world.Imagine politely explaining that you have everything covered... but this time you REALLY MEAN IT.Our Three-Prong  [Read more...] Mar 17 Mobile Websites For Car Repair? Learn Responsive Design By casey | slideshow , Strategy Leave a Comment This week I have been busy building a mobile friendly site for one of my clients. It was something they suggested and I was happy to oblige.On a whim I decided to look at their website analytics and see how many people are actually trying to view their current site on a mobile device. How many  [Read more...] Who Is Stealing Your Auto Repair Customers? 3-Minute Video Explains Everything Recent Posts [Radio Interview] Listen and Learn A New Blog Strategy Can This Issue Tracking Software Change Your Business? Wed Like To Welcome YICD To The Family! How To Harness Word of Mouth For High Returns: Customer Review Strategy How To Cut Through The Clutter: Website Traffic and Lead Generation  Community Notes Welcome YICD!! Issue Tracking Software For Your Shop SEO Best Practice Mobile vs. Responsive Design Inject Salesmanship Into Your Site Harnessing The Customer Voice Sourcing Used Cars For Fun And Profit! Contact Us Return to top of page Privacy Policy Copyright  2013 AWC  