Home Review Galleries August 27, 2013 Best Convertible Car Seat Ratings Best Convertible Car Seat Ratings You are here: Home Britax Roundabout 55 Convertible Car Seat Review The Britax Roundabout 55 convertible car seat is designed to hold children in a rear facing position who weigh between 5 pounds and 40 pounds. It can then hold children in a forward facing position until they are around 55 pounds in weight. It concentrates a lot on the head safety of the child in the event of a frontal crash through its Safecell technology. The design of this chair is such that it works to reduce the movement of the child in a crash. This combination of protection and reduced  [Read More...] The First Years True Fit Convertible Car Seat Reviews The First Years True Fit convertible car seat C630 is considered one of the best on the market by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration who have awarded it their highest rating. It is a seat for the very young child, right up to when your child is 65 pounds of weight. The seat can grow with your child. As well as being a most comfortable seat for any child, it is also a seat that has child safety as a high priority. The seat has been fully side-impact tested and has a full EPP foam  [Read More...] Evenflo Triumph Advance LX Convertible Car Seat Reviews The Evenflo Triumph Advance LX convertible car seat is a safe seat that meets or even exceeds all Federal safety standards. The seat pad is removable and can be washed. It has a baby body pillow as well as a toddler pillow for added comfort. it can hold children of up to 5 years of age, or 50 pounds in weight. Height adjustment on the Evenflo Triumph Advance LX convertible car seat is achieved through their own Infinite Slide Harness, and a tight fit in the seat is achieved through their  [Read More...] Sunshine Kids Radian65SL Convertible Car Seat Reviews The Sunshine Kids Radian65SL convertible car seat can hold rear facing children of up to 40 pounds in weight, and forward facing children of up to 65 pounds in weight. It is very easy to install with its own SuperLATCH system. Side impact protection is increased by the addition of a steel alloy frame. It also features side impact protection and it has side of energy-absorbing EPS foam, as well as aluminum-reinforcement.Click this link to take advantage of the discount on Amazon Sunshine  [Read More...] Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat Reviews The Graco My Ride 65 convertible car seat allows a child to be secured in a rear-facing attitude until they reach a weight of 40 pounds. This is longer than most other car seats available, and it is strictly in keeping with the recommendations of the American Academy of Pediatrics. It features energy absorbing foam in its construction, and it has been tested thoroughly for side impacts. It has an infant insert for a very small child, which of course can be removed, and a toddler headrest, both  [Read More...] Reviews By Brand Graco Sunshine Kids Evenflo The First Years Britax USA About Contact Us Privacy Policy Return to top of page Copyright  2013  Best Convertible Car Seat | miscell  Convertible Car Seat  Log in