 Local U.S. & World Health Tech Weather Traffic Entertainment News The Scene Events High School Blitz Phillies Eagles Flyers Sixers NCAA Union Blogs Philthy Stuff Birds Nest Forecast Maps & Radar Severe Weather Alerts School Closing Alerts Weather Stories The Goods Contests About Us Community TV Listings  Newsletters | Send Pics | Tips Login Profile Name Sign Out  home news Video Weather Investigations Entertainment Sports Traffic Contests Contact Us Entertainment News The Scene Events LIVE VIDEO Watch Now: NBC10 News Share Facebook Twitter Entertainment Top Stories Lady Gaga Talks New Album Lady Gaga reveals her inspiration for the highly anticipated album, ARTPOP. AC Officials Reveal Miss America Plan Officials from the Atlantic City Tourism District will join local police and city officials as they announce plans for the week leading up to the Miss America Pageant, which returns... Brewer Yuengling Praises Corbett, Not Taxes &... The head of D.G. Yuengling and Son Inc. on Monday called for the passage of a “right to work” law in Pennsylvania that could dilute membership in labor unions and said he wanted... Bass Says No 'NSync Reunion, Dishes on Cyrus Former boy-band member Lance Bass says reunion tour not part of the conversation right now. Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez Love triangles, controversial politics and friendships-gone-bad. These temperamental celebs and figures have their spats in the spotlight. Video Lady Gaga Talks New Album AC Officials Reveal Miss America Plan Brewer Yuengling Praises Corbett, Not Taxes & Unions Bass Says No 'NSync Reunion, Dishes on Cyrus Photos Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez more stories  Top Stories Entertainment News The Scene  Video President Reagan's Son Slams "The Butler" Late Commander-in-Chief's conservative son pushes back hard against insinuations he claims the film makes that Reagan was racist.  WATCH: Robin Thicke's New Video "Give It 2 U" Watch the singer's latest release and tell us what you think!  Kate Gosselin Sues Ex Over Book, Alleges Hacking Jon  Kate Plus 8 star filed a lawsuit accusing her ex-husband Jon of stealing her hard drive and hacking into her phone and computer.  Teacher's "Wicked" Duet Goes Viral Every bone in Sarah Horn's body vibrated when she heard the roar from the crowd as she sang a song from the Broadway hit, “Wicked,” with one of its stars in front of 10,000 at the Hollywood Bowl in a video seen...   James Franco Roast: The Best Jokes Seth Rogen, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg and Sarah Silverman riff on Franco's infamous Oscar hosting, his poetry and more.  Rapper Fat Joe Reports to Prison for Tax Evasion Rap star Fat Joe has reported to federal prison in Florida to serve a four-month sentence for tax evasion.  Video Jennifer Hudson's New Movies, New Album Jennifer Hudson chats with Coco Jones on the red carpet at the MTV VMAs. She stars in the upcoming "The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete" as well as "Winnie Mandela."  Naomi Watts Talks "Diana" Biopic Hollywood star confesses she nearly turned down the role of a lifetime because of what Princes William and Harry might think  "The Voice": Levine Taps Tedder as Advisor Adam Levine has named OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder as advisor for the battle Rounds which begin on Oct. 14 on NBC.  Prev 1 2 3 4 5 + Next EVENTS Muse with Cage the Elephant Dane Cook P!NK: The Truth About Love Tour Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros More Events  Get Entertainment Movies, music, and TV updates via email. Privacy Policy | More Newsletters Photos & Videos Historic Scene of Lavish Oyster Bay Parties Asks $5.75M Epic Fail: Watch Skateboarder Faceplant, Damage Gate Michelle Obama Style Guide Beau Biden in Pictures Serena Williams on Hosting the Taste of Tennis and Her Secret Waffle Recipe Lady Gaga Talks New Album Photographing MLK's Dream Speech The March 50 Years Later 'NSync, Justin Timberlake Rule at 2013 MTV VMAs Panda Cub Gets First Check-Up MTV VMAs Red Carpet: Best & Worst Dressed Famous Feuds: Gaga vs. Perez news Watch Now: NBC10 News Temple University Cancels Spring Fling U.S. Could Launch Strikes Against Syria Thursday Store Camera Catches NJ Men in Act of Honesty Man Charged in "Barbaric" Baby Murder 911 Calls Obtained in Center City Building Collapse Video RAW VIDEO: Sarah Murnaghan's Welcome Home Rutgers Professor Discusses Crisis in Syria Security Measures Increased for Miss America Festivities "Barbaric" Boyfriend Charged With Baby's Murder Sarah Murnaghan's Finally Home Woman Crashes Into Margate Surf Shop US & World U.S. Could Launch Strikes Against Syria Thursday Sarah Murnaghan's Mom Talks Homecoming Hasan Rests, Says Nothing in Fort Hood Sentencing Mom Suffocates, Dumps Baby at Bar: DA 4,000 Fighting Rim Fire Near Yosemite, Now 20% Contained Maine Hermit in Court After Decades Alone in Woods News Local U.S. & World Health Tech Weather Traffic Weather Forecast Maps & Radar Severe Weather Alerts School Closing Alerts Weather Stories Entertainment Entertainment News The Scene Events Contact Us About Us Community TV Listings Traffic  Send Feedback | Terms Of Service | Privacy Policy  2013 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Portions by Broadcast Interactive Media. FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports WCAU Public Inspection File 21st Century Solutions AdChoices  SiteCatalyst code version: H.2.Copyright 1997-2008 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com 