 Arts  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies LA News Local News Blog Ask a Mexican Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Events Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Tickets Artopia Tacolandia Bedrocktoberfest LA Music Music Blog Henry Rollins Concert Calendar LA Nightlife Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile Music Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Restaurants Food Blog Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Arts Arts Blog LA Theater The Advice Goddess Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  LA Movies Showtimes Movie Trailers Film Festivals Podcast Film Newsletter Get Mobile Free Stuff Things to do in LA 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads Readers' Poll 2013 LA Promotions Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets LA Classifieds Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter Alternative Healing MMJ Home MMJ News Dispensary Guide MMJ Newsletter Top Los Angeles Arts Stories Pop Cart Catherine Wagley  A house on top of shopping carts, at REDCAT  More  Public Spectacle LA Weekly writers  Stories posted daily at L.A. Weekly's arts and culture blog  More  New Theater Reviews LA Weekly theater critics  Our guide to L.A. shows playing this week  More  Art to See This Week Catherine Wagley  Five exhibits and events we recommend  More   Pop Cart  A house on top of shopping carts, at REDCAT  More  Public Spectacle  Stories posted daily at L.A. Weekly's arts and culture blog  More  New Theater Reviews  Our guide to L.A. shows playing this week  More  Art to See This Week  Five exhibits and events we recommend  More  Daily Arts Public Spectacle 11:15 am  Aug. 27, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Westwood's Crest Theatre Rises Again  By Michael Nordine  If the above photo doesn't tip you off, the Crest Theatre in Westwood is gorgeous. So much so, in fact, that upon touring it last Tuesday I was both shocked and embarrassed to have never been th...  More >> Public Spectacle 12:26 pm  Aug. 26, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Hello, I Am a Taiwanese Octogenarian Motorcyclist  By Liz Ohanesian  Six years ago, a group of 17 people set out to tour Taiwan by motorcycle and scooter. Their average age was 81.The trip was carefully coordinated by the Hondao Senior Citizens Welfare Foundatio...  More >>  Public Spectacle 10:03 am  Aug. 26, 2013  Los Angeles Art News James Franco's Comedy Central Roast: The Highlights  By Siran Babayan  Last night, James Franco was the guest of dishonor at the Comedy Central Roast of James Franco (airing Labor Day) at Culver Studios in Culver City. The network normally roasts celebs who've beco...  More >> Public Spectacle 10:15 am  Aug. 23, 2013  Los Angeles Art News 4 Great Free Things to Do in L.A. This Week  By LA Weekly  4. Beach BallsAt 53 years old, the Manhattan Beach Open now is older and more established than the dozens of players battling in it for their chance to win a piece of the $200,000 kitty. (For...  More >>  Public Spectacle 6:00 am  Aug. 23, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Move Over, Oprah: A Guide to L.A.'s Public Book Clubs  By Abdi Nazemian  "This is not your Mom's book club," declared Diana Gettinger. "We drink. It's noisy." Gettinger, an actress and writer, is also the director of the Spare Room Book Club, which takes place at t...  More >> Public Spectacle 2:27 pm  Aug. 22, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Five Dance Shows to See in L.A. This Week, Including Ballet Celebrating the British Invasion  By Ann Haskins  This week's dance events also include a festival that mixes things up and a celebration of the British musical invasion.5. It's for arts presenters, but the public can come too.The Western ...  More >>  Public Spectacle 5:00 am  Aug. 22, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Yes, Please Put Hooks Through My Body and I'll Swing Back and Forth  By Jessica P. Ogilvie  When the hooks go into his body, Cameron Bameron doesn't flinch."Deep breath," says Sarah Conforti. Bameron inhales. On his exhale, she plunges a sharp, massive piece of metal through the skin ...  More >>  Public Spectacle 4:30 am  Aug. 22, 2013  Los Angeles Art News The Curious World of Voice Actors  By Liz Ohanesian  John DiMaggio's voice will give you dj vu. You won't recognize the tall, sandy-haired actor, but his big voice will ring familiar. A conversation with DiMaggio might leave you scr...  More >>  Public Spectacle 4:00 am  Aug. 22, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Theater to See in L.A. This Week, Including Tim Robbins Directing A Midsummer Night's Dream  By Steven Leigh Morris  Faeries and shadows and mortals being fools grab this week's Pick -- yes, another Midsummer Night's Dream, but the Actors Gang version is unusually fine, says critic Deborah Klugman. Also good ...  More >>  Theater 12:00 am  Aug. 22, 2013  Los Angeles Art News El Grande de Coca Cola and the Groundlings' Latest Show Bring Vaudeville to 2013  By Steven Leigh Morris  In 1973, the Mexican cabaret-parody El Grande de Coca Cola made its premiere off-Broadway, and it has been a micro-cult sensation ever since,...  More >> Public Spectacle 12:42 pm  Aug. 21, 2013  Los Angeles Art News The World's End Stars Appear at 'The Official Edgar Wright Show' at Gallery 1988  By Liz Ohanesian  It's just after 6 p.m. and the line for "The Official Edgar Wright Art Show" at Gallery 1988: West is halfway down a side street south of Melrose Avenue. This isn't a mad rush to secure tickets ...  More >> Public Spectacle 7:00 am  Aug. 21, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Five Artsy Things to Do in L.A. This Week, Including a Clarinet Imitating a Cricket  By Catherine Wagley  This week, four decades' worth of a prolific abstract expressionist's work appears in Pasadena and a vacant East L.A. lot becomes an exhibition space. 5. Nine-day habitat Byron Westbrook's br...  More >>  Public Spectacle 12:07 pm  Aug. 20, 2013  Los Angeles Art News The Greatest Gathering of Vine Creators Ever  By Michael Ciriaco  Andy Warhol overshot when he predicted everyone would be famous for fifteen minutes. Apparently, all one needs is six seconds. That's the length of a Vine, the video app explored during last S...  More >> Public Spectacle 6:00 am  Aug. 20, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Music From Elysium and a Festival of Rare Classics: Your Weekly Movie To-Do List  By Sherrie Li  See also:*More L.A. Weekly Film CoverageFriday, Aug. 23A call to all aspiring film composers, orchestral musicians, mixing engineers or music editors: Tonight at the Aero, the team behind ...  More >>  Public Spectacle 12:32 pm  Aug. 19, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Now Angelenos Can See Art While Waiting for the Bus  By Eva Recinos  In Los Angeles, art resides on concrete walls, buildings, billboards and more. So it's no surprise that you can now see it around Downtown LA and Boyle Heights on another public surface -- the...  More >> Public Spectacle 10:23 am  Aug. 16, 2013  Los Angeles Art News How an Oscar-Winning Make-Up Artist Brings Wild Characters to Life  By Liz Ohanesian  Volcanalis only appeared in one episode of NBC's fantasy show Grimm, but he certainly made an impact. A monstrous figure, he glowed lava-orange with a face that was cracked and charred at the ed...  More >> Public Spectacle 6:00 am  Aug. 16, 2013  Los Angeles Art News 5 Ways to Sing and Laugh Your Week Away in L.A.  By Kevin O'Keeffe  It's a highly musical week here in L.A., with a live music and ballet fusion, an Echo Park music fest and even an art exhibition opening with live music. But for all those beat-phobic Angeleno...  More >> Public Spectacle 11:50 am  Aug. 15, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Five Dance Shows to See in L.A. This Week, Including the Da Camera Music Society Taking Up Dancing  By Ann Haskins  This week's dance events include two neighboring flamenco shows and the latest from the innovative Rosanna Gamson.5. Flamenco DuelsFlamenco Andalusi continues the golden anniversary celebra...  More >> Public Spectacle 10:10 am  Aug. 15, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Joe Clifford Was a Skid Row Heroin Addict. Now He Has a New Novel, Junkie Love  By Joseph Lapin  "This is the shelter," Joe Clifford says. He's standing outside the Los Angeles Mission on Fifth Street with his best friend and former running buddy, author Tom Pitts. A car backfires. Then a ...  More >>  Public Spectacle 9:43 am  Aug. 15, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Finishing the Board Shorts: A Pro Surfer Turns to Clothes  By Tibby Rothman  At 5 p.m. on a Wednesday, Pascal Stansfield, who is as stand-up as they come, who always props the other guys instead of himself, who always makes it easy for everyone else even if he's the one...  More >>  Public Spectacle 6:00 am  Aug. 15, 2013  Los Angeles Art News Theater to See in L.A. This Week, Including a Tom Sawyer Adaptation  By Steven Leigh Morris  Tom Sawyer coming of age, and all that represents about America, is depicted in an entertaining stage adaptation at Sierra Madre Playhouse -- The Adventures of Tom Sawyer -- that's this week's P...  More >> More Arts  Arts Features How Artist Hector Zamora Built a House on Top of Shopping Carts By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News It takes 29 shopping carts to hold up a house. Or that's how many it takes to hold up the timber-stud frame of a small, single-family house that... More >> Art About Tuba Thieves By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News There are no tubas in artist Alison O'Daniel's in-progress film The Tuba Thieves  at least none you see in full. You occasionally get... More >> Two Bit Circus, a Startup That's Bringing the Carnival Midway Game Into the 21st Century By Jennifer Swann | Los Angeles Art News If it weren't for all the life-sized board games, disassembled robot parts and electronic contraptions curiously sprawled in every corner of Two... More >> A Tour Through the L.A. That Could Have Been By Wendy Gilmartin | Los Angeles Art News This week, the Architecture+ Design Museum's long-awaited exhibition "Never Built: Los Angeles" opens, highlighting plans for the city that never... More >> When Art Meets Therapy By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News Artist Linda Montano became the Chicken Woman in 1971. She made nine clandestine appearances around San Francisco wearing a blue and white prom... More >> 29 Reasons to Love the California-Pacific Triennial By Dave Barton | Los Angeles Art News After 29 years of biennials, Orange County Museum of Art has decided to shed some excess weight and give itself a makeover. Slimmed down from... More >> Norman Rockwell's Boy Scouts, Updated By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News After the Boy Scouts of America's national council voted to lift its ban on gay scouts under 18  anyone gay and over 18 can, awkwardly,... More >> Downtown Exhibit Looks at Money in the Art World, From Kickstarter to Michael Ovitz By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News "Perhaps it was artistic inspiration or just sheer stupidity," artist Adam Mason writes of the time in 2009 when a small stone somehow got lodged... More >> Machine Project's Oddball Take on L.A. Architecture, From a Helicopter Experiment to the Spirit of Whitney Houston By Alissa Walker | Los Angeles Art News Kamau Patton was having a drink at the BonaVista Lounge, the rotating bar atop the 34th floor of the Bonaventure Hotel downtown, when he realized... More >> A Mexican Telenovela Spawned a Teen Pop Sensation. Artist Yvonne Venegas Documented the Insanity By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News In a photograph, Anahi, the actress-singer who uses only one name and plays high school superstar Mia in the Mexican telenovela Rebelde, stares... More >> Is Our Discussion of L.A. Architecture Too Focused on Cars? By Alissa Walker | Los Angeles Art News "Los Angeles' identity is inextricably linked with the automobile," reads the first line of wall text opening the Getty's current show about... More >> How James Turrell's Skyspaces Became a Hot Item for L.A. Art Collectors By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News Just before sunset in late April, architect Duncan Nicholson brought a group of guests down the steep hill behind the brashly spectacular, John... More >> What Office Trailers Can Teach Us About Los Angeles By Wendy Gilmartin | Los Angeles Art News Outside every building construction site, there's a box on wheels that's around 8 feet wide by 20 feet long. It's a simple structure, built to... More >> Urs Fischer Traffics in Clichs  But That's Not Necessarily a Bad Thing By Catherine Wagley | Los Angeles Art News You might resent artist Urs Fischer after seeing his survey at MOCA. Fischer, a Swiss artist who lives mostly in New York and produces... More >> Gary Baseman's Love Letter to the Fairfax District (and L.A.) By Eva Recinos | Los Angeles Art News Gary Baseman is sitting in his studio and looking at various odd figures in the pages of a recent sketchbook."Who is this motherfucker? I don't... More >>  Find an Arts Event Tue 27 Wed 28 Thu 29 Fri 30 Sat 31 Sun 1 Mon 2 Find Near  From the Print Edition How Artist Hector Zamora Built a House on Top of Shopping Carts By Catherine Wagley It takes 29 shopping carts to hold up a house. Or that's how many it takes to hold up the timber-stud frame of a small, single-family house that artist Hector More >> El Grande de Coca Cola and the Groundlings' Latest Show Bring Vaudeville to 2013 By Steven Leigh Morris In 1973, the Mexican cabaret-parody El Grande de Coca Cola made its premiere off-Broadway, and it has been a micro-cult sensation ever since, proving itself and its comedy to be More >> Susan Rubin's New Play eve2 Is Like Eden Meets The X-Files By Steven Leigh Morris The problem with Romeo and Juliet is that we never get to see how it really went down, the fallout from all that sexy forbidden union of opposing clans. Had More >> Art About Tuba Thieves By Catherine Wagley There are no tubas in artist Alison O'Daniel's in-progress film The Tuba Thieves  at least none you see in full. You occasionally get glimpses of mostly shrouded instruments, as More >> REDCAT'S New Original Works Festival Shows How Visual Innovation Can Make Theater More Relevant By Steven Leigh Morris You'd think it would be a given in a movie town such as ours that, even on our local stages, pictures and moving pictures would be the prevailing language that More >>  About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Things To Do App Advertising Contact Us National Classified Infographics Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? 2013 LA Weekly, LP, All rights reserved.  Loading...  