 Belgium Home Moving Housing Working Money Family Healthcare Transport Lifestyle Blogs You are here: Home > Transport in Belgium > Vehicle Ownership > Buying a Used Car Transport Driving Driving Licences Vehicle Ownership Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Registering a Foreign Car Importing an EU Vehicle Non-EU Vehicle Imports Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Public Transport Air  Sea Travel Useful Contacts EU Factsheets: Transport Show Local AngloINFO Antwerp Brussels Show Worldwide AngloINFO Home Argentina Australia Azerbaijan Belgium Brazil Bulgaria Canada Costa Rica Cyprus Denmark Dubai France Germany Greece Hungary India Indonesia Ireland Italy Japan Luxembourg Malaysia Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Panama Portugal Qatar Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Spain Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey United Kingdom United States of America Inside Belgium Maps Emergency Numbers Belgium News Weather Public Holidays Foreign Exchange Online Translations Essentials  Currency Converter Currency from: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Australian Dollar Brazilian Real Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Currency to: US Dollar Euro Japanese Yen Danish Krone Pound Sterling Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Icelandic Krona Norwegian Krone Bulgarian Lev Croatian Kuna Czech Koruna Estonian Kroon Hungarian Forint Lithuanian Litas Latvian Lats Polish Zloty New Romanian Leu Russian Rouble New Turkish Lira Brazilian Real Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Chinese Yuan Renminbi Hong Kong Dollar Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Malaysian Ringgit New Zealand Dollar Mexican Peso Philippine Peso Singapore Dollar South Korean Won South African Rand Thai Baht Qatari Riyal Argentine Peso Bruges Belfort Buying and Selling a Used Car in Belgium Information on how to buy or sell a used car in Belgium, with details on the Car-Pass system, as well as other necessary documents... Second hand cars are plentiful in Belgium and can be bought from garages, other VAT registered businesses or from private individuals. They may also be advertised in car magazines or online publications, such as: Auto Scout 24 (in French  Dutch) Vroom (in French  Dutch) 4 Roo (in French) The Belgium government portal provides detailed information in French. To see this information: Click here The authorities urge those buying second hand cars to be vigilant in checking a vehicle's registration documents ( certificat d'immatriculation/inschrijvingsbewijs ). It is important to note if a vehicle has been admitted temporarily or must leave the country by a certain date unless further import/excise duties are paid. While this in itself need not prevent a sale or purchase, both parties need to be sure that all documentation is in order, and that any additional re-registration costs are known. No taxes are payable on the sale of a used vehicle from a private individual. This is not the case if buying from a VAT registered garage or business. In this case, VAT can be calculated in at least two different ways, depending on circumstances. Vehicle documents Any used car for sale in Belgium must have a valid roadworthiness certificate ( Contrôle technique/Technische Controle ) no more than two months old . This is required by both private sellers and garages. When the car is entered for its roadworthiness test, the owner should state the intention to sell it so that correct documentation is provided. Equivalent standards among firms undertaking the technical inspections is maintained by an officially recognised federation, GOCA ( Groupement des Entreprises Agréées de Contrôle Automobile et du Permis de Conduire/Groepering Van Erkende Ondernemingen Voor Autokeuring en Rijbewijs ). Car-Pass All second hand cars must be sold with a Car-Pass . This can be arranged at the roadworthiness test centre. A small fee is charged. Car-Pass makes it compulsory for the seller of any car or small commercial vehicle (private individual and businesses) to provide a Car-Pass for the vehicle. The only exemption is a private individual who is selling his vehicle to a professional, for example a garage. The Car-Pass provides mileage readings for the vehicle at various dates in its history, and may not be more than two months old. The Car-Pass document also details the make and model of the vehicle, its date of first registration in Belgium, the chassis number, the date the document was prepared and a unique document number for traceability. Every time that a vehicle goes to a garage, tyre centre or technical inspection, its mileage is noted and passed to the central Car-Pass computer, so that these details can then be provided to the owner at the time of sale to help authenticate the vehicle's mileage. Without a Car-Pass, a sale is not valid and the buyer can withdraw from the sale and demand to be reimbursed. Extensive details on the scheme are provided on the Car-Pass website Buyers can check the validity of a Car-Pass via the website. To check the validity of a Car-Pass certificate: Click here (in French) or Click here (in Dutch) The Car-Pass includes: Make and model of the vehicle Chassis number Year of first registration Mileage reading indicated at the date of sale It is the seller's responsibility to have this document prepared, except where an individual is selling a second-hand vehicle to a professional (perhaps as a trade-in): in this case, it is the garage or dealership which must prepare the document. If a seller is not replacing the vehicle then their number plate (which is personal to them and not the vehicle) must be returned to the DIV, which will remove it from the records. It will also calculate the road tax refund if relevant. The process is strictly controlled by the authorities and, in particular, the DIV, whose central office maintains the records of owners, vehicles and number plates. Anyone not following the correct procedures is liable to penalties. The seller The seller must provide the following documents: Bill of sale including details on the make, model, engine size of the vehicle VAT (price without VAT, VAT rate, VAT amount, total VAT inclusive price paid) names and addresses of previous owners/sellers Roadworthiness certificate Registration certificate Request for registration ( Demande d'immatriculation – formulaire rose/Inschrijving van voertuigen ). Certificate of Vehicle Roadworthiness ( contrôle technique ) Certificate of Conformity ( certificat de conformité ) proving the vehicle conforms to European safety and emissions standards Certificate of installation of LPG ( Liquified Petroleum Gas ) if the car is equipped with it Service record Car-Pass for the vehicle, which records details of the car and its history A VAT registered seller is obliged to provide: bill of sale detailing the make, model, and other characteristics of the vehicle the details relating to the VAT charged and on what basis this has been calculated The buyer All vehicles need to be insured and it is the vehicle which is covered, not the driver. The minimum required by law is third party, but fully comprehensive cover is available. It is the buyer's responsibility to arrange insurance before taking delivery of the car. The vehicle must be registered by the new owner, either under a number plate from a previous vehicle, or on a new plate. This is done at a DIV office. The buyer submits the seller's registration document for the vehicle ( Demande d'immatriculation/Inschrijving van voertuigen ), and the DIV cancels all taxes due on a previous vehicle (if applicable) and credits any monies for taxes not due against the taxes to be paid for the new vehicle.  Buying a New Car Registering a Foreign Car  Related Information Driving On The Road Road Accidents Motoring Costs Drink  Driving Parking Winter Driving Useful Driving Words Driving Licences European Driving Licence Non-EU Driving Licence Exchanging a Licence International Licence Driving Test Vehicle Ownership Buying a New Car Buying a Used Car Registering a Foreign Car Importing an EU Vehicle Non-EU Vehicle Imports Vehicle Insurance Green Card Insurance Vehicle Roadworthiness Public Transport Trains, Trams  Metro Buses  Coaches Air  Sea Travel Airport Hand Baggage Useful Contacts EU Factsheets: Transport Transport Do you have a suggestion to improve this page? click here... If you believe any of the information on this page is incorrect or out-of-date, please let us know. AngloINFO makes every effort to ensure its INFOrmation Pages are as comprehensive, accurate and up-to-date as possible, but we're also grateful for any help! (If you want to contact AngloINFO for any other reason, please follow the instructions on this website's contact page .) Your name: * Your e-mail address: * Your IP address: LOGGED (10.227.138.16) Your suggestion: *  Copyright  2000-2013 AngloINFO Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , About , Advertising , Franchising , Contact , Cookies . AngloINFO | Everyday life in Belgium, in English Looking for an international business opportunity? Why not run an AngloINFO site ? AngloINFO is growing fast and is looking for the right people to take on regional AngloINFO franchises around the world - click here to find out more! AngloINFO Franchising: Be your own boss - where you want to be! X Welcome to AngloINFO Belgium Everything you need for life in Belgium - local information you can trust We have local franchise opportunities in Belgium and around the world Do you dream of having your own, profitable, easy-to-operate business? AngloINFO might be the solution! Now in its thirteenth year of business, AngloINFO is the world's leading network of expat information websites - with over three million monthly visitors from around the world. We have an established network of 81 local websites in 37 countries with many more in development. Our 54 local franchisees are the key to our success and come from a huge range of backgrounds, ages and nationalities. The common factor is a passion for success. Find out more... Close Window 