 What Was The First Car? A Quick History of the Automobile for Young People by William W. Bottorff Several Italians recorded designs for wind driven vehicles. The firstwas Guido da Vigevano in 1335. It was a windmill type drive to gears andthus to wheels. Vaturio designed a similar vehicle which was also neverbuilt. Later Leonardo da Vinci designed a clockwork driven tricycle withtiller steering and a differential mechanism between the rear wheels. A Catholic priest named Father Ferdinand Verbiest has been said to havebuilt a steam powered vehicle for the Chinese Emperor Chien Lung in about1678. There is no information about the vehicle, only the event. Since ThomasNewcomen didn't build his first steam engine until 1712 we can guessthat this was possibly a model vehicle powered by a mechanism like Hero'ssteam engine, a spinning wheel with jets on the periphery. Newcomen's enginehad a cylinder and a piston and was the first of this kind, and it usedsteam as a condensing agent to form a vacuum and with an overhead walkingbeam, pull on a rod to lift water. It was an enormous thing and was strictlystationary. The steam was not under pressure, just an open boiler pipedto the cylinder. It used the same vacuum principle that ThomasSavery had patented to lift water directly with the vacuum, which wouldhave limited his pump to less than 32 feet of lift. Newcomen's lift wouldhave only been limited by the length of the rod and the strength of thevalve at the bottom. Somehow Newcomen was not able to separate his inventionfrom that of Savery and had to pay for Savery's rights. In 1765 James Watt developedthe first pressurized steam engine which proved to be much more efficientand compact that the Newcomen engine. The first vehicle to move under its own power for which there is a recordwas designed by Nicholas Joseph Cugnot and constructed by M. Brezin in 1769.A replica of this vehicle is on display at the Conservatoire des Artset Metiers , in Paris. I believe that the Smithsonian Museum in WashingtonD. C. also has a large (half size ?) scale model. A second unit was builtin 1770 which weighed 8000 pounds and had a top speed on 2 miles per hourand on the cobble stone streets of Paris this was probably as fast as anyonewanted to go it. The picture shows the first model on its first drive aroundParis were it hit and knocked down a stone wall. It also had a tendencyto tip over frontward unless it was counterweighted with a canon in therear. the purpose of the vehicle was to haul canons around town. The early steam powered vehicles were so heavy that they were only practicalon a perfectly flat surface as strong as iron. A road thus made out of ironrails became the norm for the next hundred and twenty five years. The vehiclesgot bigger and heavier and more powerful and as such they were eventuallycapable of pulling a train of many cars filled with freight and passengers. As the picture at the right shows,many attempts were being made in England by the 1830's to develop a practicalvehicle that didn't need rails. A series of accidents and propaganda fromthe established railroads caused a flurry of restrictive legislation tobe passed and the development of the automobile bypassed England. Severalcommercial vehicles were built but they were more like trains without tracks. The development of the internal combustion engine had to wait until afuel was available to combust internally. Gunpowder was tried but didn'twork out. Gunpowder carburetors are still hard to find. The first gas reallydid use gas. They used coal gas generated by heating coal in a pressurevessel or boiler. A Frenchman named Etienne Lenoir patented the first practicalgas engine in Paris in 1860 and drove a car based on the design from Paristo Joinville in 1862. His one-half horse power engine had a bore of 5 inchesand a 24 inch stroke. It was big and heavy and turned 100 rpm. Lenoir diedbroke in 1900. Lenoir had a separate mechanism to compress the gas before combustion.In 1862, Alphonse Bear de Rochas figured out how to compress the gas inthe same cylinder in which it was to burn, which is the way we still doit. This process of bringing the gas into the cylinder, compressing it,combusting the compressed mixture, then exhausting it is know as the Ottocycle, or four cycle engine. Lenoir claimed to have run the car on benzeneand his drawings show an electric spark ignition. If so, then his vehiclewas the first to run on petroleum based fuel, or petrol, or what we callgas, short for gasoline. Siegfried Marcus, of Mecklenburg, built a can in 1868 and showed oneat the Vienna Exhibition of 1873. His later car was called the Strassenwagen had about 3/4 horse power at 500 rpm. It ran on crude wooden wheelswith iron rims and stopped by pressing wooden blocks against the iron rims,but it had a clutch, a differential and a magneto ignition. One of the fourcars which Marcus built is in the Vienna Technical Museum and can stillbe driven under its own power. In 1876, Nokolaus Otto patented the Otto cycle engine, de Rochas hadneglected to do so, and this later became the basis for Daimler and Benzbreaking the Otto patent by claiming prior art from de Rochas. The picture to the left, taken in 1885,is of Gottllieb Daimler's workshop in Bad Cannstatt where he built the woodenmotorcycle shown. Daimler's son Paul rode this motorcycle from Cannstattto Unterturkheim and back on November 10, 1885. Daimler used a hot tubeignition system to get his engine speed up to 1000 rpm The previous August, Karl Benz had already driven his light, tubularframed tricycle around the Neckar valley, only 60 miles from where Daimlerlived and worked. They never met. Frau Berta Benz took Karl's car one nightand made the first long car trip to see her mother, traveling 62 miles fromMannheim to Pforzheim in 1888. Also in August 1888, William Steinway, owner of Steinway  Sons pianofactory, talked to Daimler about US manufacturing right and by Septemberhad a deal. By 1891 the Daimler Motor Company, owned by Steinway, was producingpetrol engines for tramway cars, carriages, quadricycles, fire engines andboats in a plant in Hartford, CT. Steam cars had been built in America since before the Civil War but theearly one were like miniature locomotives. In 1871, Dr. J. W. Carhart, professorof physics at Wisconsin State University, and the J. I. Case Company builta working steam car. It was practical enough to inspire the State of Wisconsinto offer a $10,000 prize to the winner of a 200 mile race in 1878.(see more on J. W. Carhart story from Fredric Dennis Williams ) The 200 mile race had seven entries, or which two showed up for the race.One car was sponsored by the city of Green Bay and the other by the cityof Oshkosh. The Green Bay car was the fastest but broke down and the Oshkoshcar finished with an average speed of 6 mph. From this time until the end of thecentury, nearly every community in America had a mad scientist working ona steam car. Many old news papers tell stories about the trials and failuresof these would be inventors. By 1890 Ransom E. Olds had built his second steam powered car, picturedat left. One was sold to a buyer in India, but the ship it was on was lostat sea. Running by February, 1893 and readyfor road trials by September, 1893 the car built by Charles and Frank Duryea,brothers, was the first gasoline powered car in America. The first run onpublic roads was made on September 21, 1893 in Springfield, MA. They hadpurchased a used horse drawn buggy for $70 and installed a 4 HP, singlecylinder gasoline engine. The car (buggy) had a friction transmission, spraycarburetor and low tension ignition. It must not have run very well becauseFrank didn't drive it again until November 10 when it was reported by the Springfield Morning Union newspaper. This car was put intostorage in 1894 and stayed there until 1920 when it was rescued by InglisM. Uppercu and presented to the United States National Museum. Henry Ford had an engine running by1893 but it was 1896 before he built his first car. By the end of the yearFord had sold his first car, which he called a Quadracycle, for $200 andused the money to build another one. With the financial backing of the Mayorof Detroit, William C. Maybury and other wealthy Detroiters, Ford formedthe Detroit Automobile Company in 1899. A few prototypes were built butno production cars were ever made by this company. It was dissolved in January1901. Ford would not offer a car for sale until 1903. The first closed circuit automobilerace held at Narragansett Park, Rhode Island, in September 1896. All fourcars to the left are Duryeas, on the right is a Morris  Salom Electrobat.Thirteen Duryeas of the same design were produced in 1896, making it thefirst production car. At left is pictured the factory withproduced the 13 Duryeas. In 1898 the brothers went their separate ways andthe Duryea Motor Wagon Company was closed. Charles, who was born in 1861and was eight years older than Frank had taken advantage of Frank in publicityand patents. Frank went out on his own and eventually joined with StevensArms and Tool Company to form the Stevens-Duryea Company which was soldto Westinghouse in 1915. Charles tried to produce some of his own hare-brainedideas with various companies until 1916. Thereafter he limited himself towriting technical book and articles. He died in 1938. Frank got a half amillion dollars for the Westinghouse deal and lived in comfort until hisdeath in 1967, just seven months from his 98th birthday. In this engraving Ransom Eli Olds isat the tiller of his first petrol powered car. Riding beside him is FrankG. Clark, who built the body and in the back are their wives. This car wasrunning by 1896 but production of the Olds Motor Vehicle Company of Detroitdid not begin until 1899. After an early failure with luxury vehicles theyestablished the first really successful production with the classic CurvedDash Oldsmobile. The Curved Dash Oldsmobile had a singlecylinder engine, tiller steering and chain drive. It sold for $650. In 1901600 were sold and the next years were 1902 - 2,500, 1903 - 4,000, 1904 -5,000. In August 1904 Ransom Olds left the company to form Reo (for RansomEli Olds). Ransom E. Olds was the first mass producer of gasoline poweredautomobiles in the United States , even though Duryea was the first automanufacturer with their 13 cars. Ransom Olds produced a small numberof electric cars around the turn of the century. Little is known about themand none survive. The picture at left is the only known picture of one ofthese rare cars. It was taken at was taken at BelleIsland Park, Michigan. In 1899 and 1900, electrics outsold all other typeof cars and the most popular electric was the Columbia built by ColonelAlbert Augustus Pope, owner of American Bicycle Company. an interesting footnote to the Olds electric. J. A. Koosen and H. Lawson in a 1895Lutzmann. This is typical of American design in the mid 1890's. It was trulya horseless carriage. Tiller steering, engine under the floorboards, veryhigh center of gravity, not designed for road travel. Imagine climbing intoone of these and trying to drive across town and around a few corners. Kindof scary, huh? This Daimler of 1899 was owned by LionelRothchild. The European design is much advanced of the American designsof the same time. Gottlieb Daimler took part in the London-to-Brighton runin 1896 but died in 1900 at the age of 66 without ever meeting Benz. HisGerman engines powered the automobile industries of Britain and France. The 1908 Haynes in the back groundshows the rapid development of the petrol powered car when compared to the1894 model in the foreground. Consider the present difference between a 1998Tarus and the 14 year old 1984 Tarus. Some difference. Old man Haynes claimedto have build the 1894 car in 1893 but had no proof. The Rolls Royce Silver Ghost of 1906was a six cylinder car that stayed in production until 1925. It representedthe best engineering and technology available at the time and these carsstill run smoothly and silently today. This period marked the end of thebeginning of the automobile. How The Car Changed The County, Town by Town In 1903, in Winfield, KansasMr. H. T. Trice is seen standing in from of the first car in town. Acutallyit was more like a truck and was used to haul customers out to see land.The railroads brought potential customersto town and Mr. Trice picked them up at the depot and took them out to his new developments. Steam power was widelyused in the 1880's and 1890's on the farms of America. Cowley County hadits share of these behemoths and had a large group of people with the abilityto use, and the skill to fix and repair them. The smaller, less expensiveautomobile, with an internal combustion engine provided a new avenue ofinterest that was much more personal than the steam engine with its teamof attendants. Mr. Martin Badenof Winfield, Kansas and his new eight-cylinder Cadillac roadster. This carwas especially built for Mr. Baden ,and was equipped with all modern appliances. Driving an automobile requireda high degree to technical dexterity, mechanical skill, special clothingincluding hat, gloves, duster coat, goggles and boots. Tires were notoriouslyunreliable and changing one was an excruciating experience. Fuel was a problem,since gasoline was in short supply. Mr. Baden became interested enough tobecome a self-taught geologist and eventually discover major oil depositsin Cowley County, Kansas, and surrounding area. The drivers of theday were an adventurous lot, going out in every kind of weather, unprotectedby an enclosed body, or even a convertible top. Everyone in town knew whoowned what car and the cars were soon to become each individuals token ofidentity. Notice the guy at the far right fixing his flat time. The dirtroads were a challenge in any weather. By 1910 Winfield paved the downtownstreets with brick, horses were no longer welcome. The mule drawn trolleyswere upgraded to electric streetcars. By 1915 racing hadbecome a passion all over the United States. A typical local race trackwas at the Cowley County Fairgrounds in Winfield, Kansas. The local obsessionwith horse racing, started by the earliest settlers in 1870, turned to thenew technology of auto racing. Local farm boys who were familiar with motorsand equipment used their talents on cars and motorcycles to go faster thananyone in the county. The horse racing facilitieswere quickly converted to the new, faster, more dangerous, and thus moreexciting, motor racing. See BobLawrence's Home Page for new sections on both Auto Racing and MotorcycleRacing in Cowley County, Kansas Eventually the automobile change the face of small townAmerica. The town gentry bought cars ,albiet fashoned to match their station in life. In Winfield, Kansas, Main Street went from a gathering place forpeople and horses and wagons to a parking place for the ubiquitous automobile.The Trolley Car s were displaced to makeroom for more cars. The brick streets were covered with asphalt to provide a smoother ride for the automobile.The old fire maps of Winfield show the inexorable spread of the automobile and all of the supporting businesses.Filling stations, auto dealers, battery stations, oil depots allgrew and expanded to displace to older technologies of the day. R. B. Sandford's Winfield Carriage Works appearson the fire-map of Block127 in 1918 . But on the same spot on Block127 in 1925 it has been replaced by a Battery Station and an Auto Storagefacility. Midway throughthe century, cars had become a central feature of life for young people.The cars owned by the studentsof Winfield High School in the fifties are typical of every where in Americaat that time. It was mobility, status, challenge, and social freedom. Itcertainly hurt our football team at the time. A typical excuse for not playingon the football team was that a studenthad to work to earn money to pay for their car. When asked why they neededa car, the answer was invariably: to get to work! After a century of the automobile, we can begin to assess the effectsof long term transport by internal combustion. Nearly every aspect of ourlives has developed around this technology. Only now, are we seeing newdigital communications technologies, of the internet and beyond, that mayeventually displace some of the functions of the automobile and replaceour current problems with a new set that you, our grandchildren, will becharged with solving. Ask your grandparents about their first car. I'm sureyou will get to hear a great story. The Early Electric Car Site by Galen Handy A good timeline of Automobile development Electric Car Companies of the World before 1940 bbott's home page bbott's cars for sale page gone but not forgotten cars First Highway Signs and Highway Maps, Woody Hockaday Austin Business Computers, Inc. 