 Search: GO Login | Register Home Blog News Submit Website Submit Article Latest Links Top Hits Contact Adv Search RSS Costa Ricas Tico Times ® Directory Arts Entertainment Theatres Museums Libraries TV Radio CATEGORIES 1-Day Tours in Costa Rica Arts Entertainment Theatres Museums Libraries TV Radio Bars  Restaurants Beaches Bird Watching Bloggers and Blogging Business Central America Coffee Retailers Cyber and Internet Cafes Eco Green Costa Rica - Environmental Services and Products Ecology - Ecotourism, Lodges, Resorts Employment in Costa Rica. Fishing Gambling and Betting Government Guides and Directories Health and Fitness Hotels, Lodges, Bed and Breakfast International News and Media Products Provinces of Costa Rica Real Estate Costa Rica Recreation and Sports Reference Science and Environment Society and Culture. Surfing Transportation Travel and Tourism Turtles Vacation Packages, Retreats, and Rentals Volunteer Programs and Organization Costa Rica Fishing Jaco Beachfront Hotel Sea Turtle Poll SUB MENU Advertisement Info- Classified/Banner/Text Ad Costa Rica Maps Top Beaches in Costa Rica Costa Rica Transportation, Bus, Coaster, Taxi, Shuttle, Train, Flight Butterfly Farms How To Use Costa Rica TicoTimes.com Directory Juan Santamaria International Airport - San José, Costa Rica Costa Rica Catch and Release Sports Fishing Video Costa Rica News COSTA RICA RESOURCES San Jose Airport Arrivals San Jose Airport Departures Liberia Airport Arrivals and Departures Tobias Bolanos Airport Arrivals and Departures Costa Rica Weather Costa Rica Bus Schedules Bus Schedules From Quepos to Puntarenas Car and Motorcycle Import Fees Buying A New or Used Car in Costa Rica Shipping & Importing Vehicle to Costa Rica Pura Vida in Costa Rica Traveling in Costa Rica Medical Tourism Costa Rica Videos STATISTICS Active Links: 1673 Pending Links: 918 Todays Links: 32 Total Articles: 5 Total Categories: 34 Sub Categories: 68 COSTA RICA ARTS and ENTERTAINMENT - MOVIES - TEATROS Costa Rica is really getting into the swing of Art and Entertainment. Art Galleries are now opening in San Jose, Jaco, Escaz and many tourist traps spots are displaying regional artists. Websites are now springing up with information on movies, art and critical narratives. Santa Ana and neighboring Escaz have long been magnets for artists. Escaz is home to some contemporary artists: Christina Fournier; the brothers Jorge, Manuel, Javier, and Carlos Mena; and Dinorah Bolandi, who was awarded the nation's top cultural prize. Classical music has now become a part of the culture with the National Symphony Orchestra and Sura Chamber Choir. Costa Rica holds an International Festival of Music during the last two weeks of August and recently a new 3-D IMAX threater opened up in Escaz. The Arts and Entertainment category includes sites for regional artists, cultural, and entertainment activities, events, institutions, organizations, film and movie producers, visual and plastic arts, music, theatre, cinema, museums and libraries. Also you might want to checkout, Pre-columbian Gold in Costa Rica , Pre-Columbian Jade Collection and Stone Artifacts from the Cultures of Central America San Jose Theatres Teatro del Angel Calle 13 and 15 Avenida Central San Jose Tel: (506) 2222-8258 The Comedy Place. Teatro Sala Vargas Calvo Calle 3 and 5 Avenida 2 San Jose Tel: (506) 2222-1875 Performances of Theater-in-the Round can be seen here. Teatro Arlequin Calle 13, Avenida Central and 2 San Jose Tel: (506) 2222-0792 Here you can see original works. Teatro Eugene O'Neill Calle 37, Avenida Central San Jose Tel: (506) 2235-9433 This Theater performes sponsored works by the America-Costa Rican Cultural Center. Ask for tickets early ! Teatro de la Comedia Calle 13 and 15 Avenida Central San Jose Tel: (506) 2255-3255 Teatro de la Comedia no website Calle 13 and 15 Avenida Central San Jose Tel: (506) 2255-3255 Teatro Molire Calle 13, Avenida 2 and 6 San Jose Tel: (506) 2223-5420 Lucho Barahona Calle 11, Avenida 6 and 8 San Jose Tel: (506) 2223-5972 Teatro Bellas Artes East side of University Campus San Jose Tel: (506) 207-4327 Teatro Molire Calle 13, Avenida 2 and 6 San Jose Tel: (506) 2223-5420 Place top category advertisement and get your link placed above. Limited links available Categories Artists and Artists (29) Costa Rica Television (5) Movies and Production (11) Museums (11) Music and Dance (9) Radio in Costa Rica (20) Links Sort by: PageRank | Hits | Alphabetical PR: 4 Events in Costa Rica - http://www.whereincostarica.com/ Events in Costa Rica: concerts, theater, sports, ballet, traditional festivals and much more. Information about the actual currency exchange rate between Dollars and Colones - Readmore PR: 4 Arte Costa Rica - Revista de Arte - Art Studio Magazine - http://artstudiomagazine.com/ Arte en Costa Rica. Encuentra todo sobre el arte en esta revista virtual donde encontrar aacutes diversos temas del arte contempor - Readmore PR: 4 Teatro Nacional de Costa Rica - http://www.teatronacional.go.cr/ Teatro Nacional de Costa Rica (National Theater of Costa Rica) is located in the central section of San Jos. Construction began on the theatre in 1891, and it opened to the public on October 21, 1897 with a performance of Faust. - Readmore PR: 4 Opera de Camara Costa Rica - Chamber Opera - http://www.operadecamaracostarica.com/ Opera de Camara Costa Rica - Chamber Opera - music for weddings, Costa Rica weddings, corporate events, graduations music, special presentations. Musica para bodas, bodas costa rica, eventos corporativos, musica graduaciones, presentaciones especiale - Readmore PR: 3 Teatro Popular Melico Salazar - San Jose, Costa Rica - http://www.teatromelico.go.cr/ Teatro Popular Melico Salazar in San Jose, Costa Rica founded in 1920 offers a variety of performances like music, dance, and folklore shows for tourists. - Readmore PR: 3 Mundo Tickets - Concert and Theatre Tickets online - Costa Rica - http://www.mundoticket.com/ Mundo Tickets of Costa Rica, Buy Concert and Theatre Tickets online. Concert and theatre schedules. Entradas adquiridas por Internet o por telfono exclusivamente en los siguientes Puntos de venta - Readmore PR: 3 Art Festival in Jaco, Costa Rica - http://festivaldejaco.com Art Festival in Jaco, Costa Rica. Concerts, Photo Exhibition, Paintings, Sculptures, Fair Craft, theater, Circus Entertainment, Parade, Mascaradas - Readmore PR: 3 Palmares Festival - http://www.fiestaspalmares.com/ The little town of Palmares has a national reputation for both horse riding and partying. Palmares Festival is one of the most anticipated traditional festivals on the Costa Rican calendar, continuing the Christmas party right into the new year. Beginning in the second week of January visitors can experience local food and drink, music, dance, parades, fireworks and of course Costa Rican bullfighting and horse parades. The parade of lanterns and the Palmarin Soccer Cup - Readmore PR: 2 San Jose Little Theatre Group. Ballet - Opera - Theatre - http://www.littletheatregroup.org/ Founded in 1949 by Bert Williams, the Little Theatre Group is the oldest continuously running English-language theatre in Central or South America and is located in San Jose Costa Rica. Our productions include, Ballet, Nutcracker and Christmas Carol. - Readmore PR: 2 Movies in Costa Rica. Showtimes, Events, Locations - http://www.whereincostarica.com/cinema Movie showtimes of the cinemas in Costa Rica: Cinemark Multiplaza Escazu , Cinemark Multiplaza del Este, CCM Internacional, Cinepolis VIP Terramall, CCM Paseo de las Flores Heredia, CCM Cariari, CCM San Pedro, CCM Plaza Mayor, CCM Magaly, Variedades, Sala - Readmore PR: 2 Costa Rica Blues Festival - http://www.crbluesfest.com/ Information on Costa Rica Festival. Performers, time, dates, tickets location and buying. Road Dogs, Blue Devils, Robbie Clark , Sonny Boy Terry, V and the Wholly Cats, Guitar Shorty and more... - Readmore PR: 0 Pagina Oficial del Concierto de PitBull en Costa Rica - Official Website - http://www.creativeproductionco.com/ Pagina Oficial del Concierto de PitBull en Costa Rica. Official Website of Pitbull. Dates, time, ticket info, videos and venue concert info - Readmore PR: 0 La Boleteria - Ticket Sales in Costa Rica - http://www.laboleteria.co.cr/ boleteria.co.cr is a website registered by Producciones SA Green Talamanca. Find and buy tickets for major events in Costa Rica, including concerts, cultural events, children's shows, sports activities, entrance tickets and much more. - Readmore N/A Montezuma International Film Festival - http://www.montezumafilmfestival.com/home.html The Costa Rica International Film Festival - Montezuma is an amazing event celebrating every genre of independent films from every country in the magical village of Montezuma, Costa Rica. The film festival opens it's arms to the world, inviting filmmakers and fans to experience the magic of Costa Rica. - Readmore N/A Envision Festival - Dominical - http://envisionfestival.com Envision Music Festival in Dominical is held in the first week of March. The Festival features music, workshops, performance art, and other activities. Elevated experience of culture, spirit and community in stunning raw nature - Readmore No Articles In This Category Add An Article Today. [1] 2 Next Total records: 18 Recommended Websites  Costa Rica Real Estate Homes in Costa Rica Architect and Construction Shipping to Costa Rica Top Costa Rica Websites Flamingo Beach Vacation Home and Condo Rental Special Places offers luxury and affordable beach front and ocean view properties. Located in Guanacaste, the northwest Pacific coast region of Costa Rica. Popular area for surfing, sport fishing, diving, zipline tours, golfing, volcanoes, ...adventure! Get your link here DR Sportfishing Costa Rica ARTICLES Conservation Protects Billfish on Costa Ricas Pacific Coast Billfishing Laws Change in Costa Rica Costa Rica Qigong - The Art of Self-Healing An ancient art of self-healing practices is reborn Building Restrictions Homeowners Associations requirements in residential subdivisions Working Legally in Costa Rica Hands on article what to expect working in Costa Rica. Prostitution and Escorts in Costa Rica Tourist information about prostitution  escorts in Costa Rica. Ocean and Mountain View Property Real Estate Costa Rica Costa Rica Real Estate Jaco Real Estate For Sale Lomas Coronado - spectacular views on the Pacific Coast - 1-3 acres lots starting at $65,000 US Costa Rica Exclusive is for upscale buyers and styles you won't find anywhere else. Pacífico Colonial Condos in Manual Antonio is a unparalleled Costa Rica Real Estate development Tres Regalos is lavish and surrounded by awe-inspiring views of the Pacific Ocean. HOME One Day Tours Transportation Arts Museums Bars and Restaurants Costa Rica Beaches Business Central America Coffee Growers Ecology Costa Rica Fishing Casinos and Gambling Government Guides  Directories Health and Fitness Hotels and Lodges International Websites Media and News Costa Rica Products Costa Rica Real Estate Surf Costa Rica Travel and Tourism Vacation Packages Science and Environment Society and Culture Gay Travel in Costa Rica Costa Rica Adult Costa Rica Gay and Lesbian Costa Rica Bus, Shuttles, Water Taxis, Buses, Air Catch and Release Fishing Costa Rica Turtles san diego web services copyright 1998-2012 by tico times directory, all rights reserved