 SearchWorks E-Journals Databases Off-Campus Access Ask Us Art & Architecture Library Home Exhibitions  Search Art  Architecture Library Library Web Sites SearchWorks Databases A-Z Socrates Google Books Google Scholar Search this site: Art & Architecture Library About the Library Access and Circulation Policies Course Reserves Equipment and Computers Reference Services Staff Directory Visual Resources Center (VRC)  User login  Login with your SUNet ID Home » Groups » Art  Architecture Library The home book of the picturesque : or, American scenery, art, and literature. Comprising a series of essays by Washington Irving, W. C. Bryant, Fenimore Cooper ... etc., with thirteen engravings on steel, from pictures by eminent artists ... [Images courtesy of the Open Library]  New-York, G. P. Putnam, 1852. 4 p. l., [7]-8 p., 2 l., 188 p. 13 pl. (incl. front.) 30 cm. Special Collections Felton Collection PS681 .H76 F The Home Book of the Picturesque is a splendid example of several important facets of American art and culture in the middle of the nineteenth century. The picturesque, a term describing a preference for a mediated landscape that shied away from extremes in either sublimity or beauty, was the preferred aesthetic category in America when this book was published. This book provides essays by the most famous men of letters at the time, including Washington Irving and James Fenimore Cooper, that delineate the picturesque features of the American countryside, primarily of Upstate New York and New England. These essays are illustrated by fifteen engravings after paintings by famed American landscape artists. This book thus represents a synthesis of word and image that was increasingly common during this period. Finally, The Home Book of the Picturesque is part of an effort by American cultural elites to inculcate a proper love of art in common people through the dissemination of prints and other representations of good taste. For more on the landscape painting of this period, please see Angela Miller’s The Empire of the Eye . Art, Architecture and Design American American Art American Art RT Art  Architecture Library Pre-1900 Primary Sources  Back   Stanford University. Stanford, California 94305. (650) 725-1064. terms of use copyright complaints 