 SiteCatalyst code version: H.25.4.Copyright 1996-2011 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.omniture.com Automotive News China | Automotive News | Events | E-Magazine Archive | RSS | Mobile Advanced Search Home Blogs By the Numbers On the Move Latest Launches Car Cutaways Latest e-Magazine Twitter Facebook Frankfurt Auto Show | 2013 Rising Stars | 2013 Europe Congress | Eurostars | Contact Us | Media Kit | About Us Europe  Renault Renault Espace will be replaced with SUV-styled crossover The Espace, shown, was introduced in 2002. Its successor will get SUV looks. Print Reprints Respond Related Topics New Products Espace Crossover Laurens van den Acker Nick Gibbs Automotive News Europe June 5, 2013 10:56 CET MONTE CARLO -- Renault will replace its Espace large minivan with an SUV-styled crossover, the automaker's design chief, Laurens van den Acker, said. The Espace successor will combine minivan and SUV characteristics to make it more relevant in the marketplace, van den Acker said at a press event here. Customers in Europe are switching from minivans and hatchbacks to crossover models, attracted by their SUV looks and high driving positions. Renault's first-generation Espace was the forerunner in Europe's minivan segment when it launched in 1984. Sales of the current model, introduced in 2002, are falling due to the vehicle's age. Through April, Renault has sold 3,014 units of the Espace in Europe, down 35 percent from the same period last year, according to market researcher JATO Dynamics. A concept version of the new Espace likely will debut at the Frankfurt auto show in September. The new model will have hign-end features as part of Renault's push to move its larger cars upmarket. "The Espace is a respected vehicle. It is one Renault you'd likely see on a driveway alongside a Volkswagen or a Mercedes but we've let it live for too long," van den Acker said. 'Not as brutal' looking Renault's concept car director, Axel Breun, said the next Espace will not have aggressive styling like some SUVs. "The design is not as brutal as today's cars. They are becoming very military, which might be OK for the Evoque or Range Rover but it's maybe not the direction we are going," he said. The Espace will be functional but at the same time it will be a vehicle that the occupants will "enjoy traveling in, with a good view," Breun said. The new Espace's styling may take some cues from the Scenic XMOD, a crossover version of the Scenic minivan that debuted at the Geneva auto show in March. Renault is investing 420 million euros ($542 million) to build the Espace and the next Laguna mid-sized vehicle at its factory in Douai, northern France, where the Scenic medium minivan also is built. The Espace and Laguna are currently built in Sandouville, also in northern France. Production of the models in Douai will begin next year, starting with the new Espace. Renault likely will also add the Espace to its lineup in China, where it will join the Koleos compact SUV, Laguna, Megane, Fluence and Scenic. The Espace will be the first Renault built on the new CFM1 modular platform developed by the automaker and alliance partner Nissan. You can reach Nick Gibbs at nick.gibbs@btinternet.com . Print Reprints Respond  Have an opinion about this story? Click here to submit a Letter to the Editor , and we may publish it in print. Or submit an online comment below. ( Terms and Conditions ) SUBSCRIBE | FREE ACCOUNT VIEW ARCHIVED ISSUES  Latest Headlines Your browser does not support iframes. More     Blogs  Inside the Numbers  On the Move  Latest Launches  Car Cutaways   Detroit Auto Show  Geneva Auto Show  Beijing  Shanghai  Frankfurt Auto Show  Paris Auto Show  Reader Services About Crain Publications About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Industry Events Media Kit RSS Newsletters   SITEMAP  Europe Monthly E-Magazine  Special Sections Entire contents  Crain Communications, Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us 