 Petaluma360 Press Democrat Watch Sonoma County N. Bay Business Journal PDPreps Entertainment TOWNS Newsletters: Subscribe | Log in  News Web Search by YAHOO! Web Search by YAHOO! Home Argus-Courier News Your Voice Photos/Videos Marketplace Events Calendar Subscribe e-edition Advertise Contact us About us Legal notices Police and Fire Government Sports Obituaries School Business Arts and Entertainment Dining Photo Galleries Videos Forums Blogs A-C opinion page Photo Galleries Video Business Directory Jobs Real Estate Special Sections Dining Movies Music Performing Arts Sports & outdoors Education Community Civic/Government Arts & Crafts Visual Arts All  Home Petaluma Community - Arts and Entertainment  Entertainment Chance meeting leads to script project By YOVANNA BIEBERICH,ARGUS-COURIER STAFF Thursday August 8, 2013 9:55 am CJ Newton is helping tell the true story of Sofia, who escaped the Armenian genocide inTurkey. Video Share your videos! By use of this code snippet, I agree to the Brightcove Publisher T and C found at https://accounts.brightcove.com/en/terms-and-conditions/. This script tag will cause the Brightcove Players defined above it to be created as soonas the line is read by the browser. If you wish to have the player instantiated only afterthe rest of the HTML is processed and the page load is complete, remove the line. Gil Mansergh - Cinema Toast Gil Mansergh - Cinema Toast Santa Rosa 48-Hour Film Festival Premier shines, The World's End is fun The Butler is worth watching, Jobs is not Disney's Planes crashes and burns, Elysium intrigues Offbeat Crystal Fairy  the Magical Cactus best bet this week Talk with Oscar-nominated filmmaker Scott Hamilton Kennedy after Fame High and The Garden and take Master Class Music in the spotlight Petaluma author saturates the senses Thursday August 22, 2013 9:20 am Ransom Stephens releases new novel, "The SensoryDeception."  Visiting a tropical man cave By DYANN ESPINOSA,FOR THE ARGUS-COURIER Thursday August 22, 2013 9:05 am A Polynesian paradise in a Petaluma backyard.  Helping children in Kenya By ROSE TEPLITZ,ARGUS-COURIER INTERN Thursday August 15, 2013 9:23 am Petaluma couple traveling to Africa to help students in extremepoverty. Follow us Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Free e-Newsletter  Most Read Most Emailed Most Recent Lakeville fire department expands coverage to the Petaluma River Highway lane closures start today in Petaluma Achieving goals through planning Petaluma, county schools mindful of new law on student fees New system provides faster results for DNA tests Highway lane closures start today in Petaluma New system provides faster results for DNA tests Achieving goals through planning Lakeville fire department expands coverage to the Petaluma River  Events Calendar Submit Event 27  Tue 28  Wed 29  Thu 30  Fri 31  Sat Events Search For Your Mobile Take us with you anywhere, anytime at http://m.petaluma360.com You'll find a number of new technology features available from this site. With personalized news sent straight to your mobile device. Email Newsletter Sign up for our e-mail services and receive your local news, sports, weather and more. View Sample Buy Event Tickets Get tickets to thousands of sporting events! Whatever you are lookingfor we've got you covered. Buy your seats right here, right now. Buy Now Find Local Businesses Keyword(s): Location: Popular Searches Apartments in Petaluma Attorneys in Petaluma Auto Dealers in Petaluma Auto Parts in Petaluma Auto Repair in Petaluma Beauty Salons in Petaluma Car Rental in Petaluma Dentists in Petaluma Doctors in Petaluma Flowers in Petaluma Hotels in Petaluma Insurance in Petaluma Loans in Petaluma Mortgages in Petaluma Movers in Petaluma Pizza in Petaluma Realtors in Petaluma Restaurants in Petaluma Storage in Petaluma Tax Preparation in Petaluma Travel in Petaluma Featured More... Powered by Local.com post your stuff Petaluma360.com is here for you to post your comments, photos, news and events with the community. Post it now! Your Voice Have something to say? Join the conversation! Your Photos Trying out photography? Show off your stuff here. Share Your Photos Upload your photos of community events, holidays, pets, cute kids, breaking news and more, and vote for your favorites! Your Events Submit your area events to encourage others in your community to attend. About Us Advertising Newspaper Ads Subscribe Work for Us Contact Privacy Policy Corrections Terms of Service Photo Reprints Site Map Copyright  2013 PressDemocrat.com  All rights reserved. Restricted use only. 