 Members Partners  Parents Kids Products Kids Safety Products Best Convertible Car Seats These top rated convertible child passenger car seats were selected based upon safety features and ease of use. Posted by Jennifer White | Last updated: Mar 25, 2013  Convertible Car Seat Harness Convertible car seats are a versatile purchase. With the ability to be used rear or forward facing, many parents appreciate the practicality of these child passenger restraints. Choosing a particular model that suits the family and the vehicle can be a daunting task. Parents may find these recommendations a helpful starting point. What Parents Should Know About Car Seats Above all the names and models listed here, the "best car seat" is one that meets current safety standards, is installed precisely according to the manufacturer's instructions, and is used properly every single time. The other aspect parents should know about convertible car seats is that in the United States even though toddlers can be turned forward-facing at age 1 AND 20 pounds, it is not the safest choice. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), the National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration (NHTSA), and countless Child Passenger Safety Technicians (CPST), urge parents to keep their children rear-facing for as long as possible for added safety (CPSafety and AAP). Britax Marathon Britax has long been one of the most respected car seat manufacturer's in the industry and with good reason. Britax has a history of making car seats that are easy to install, easy to use, and perform well in crash tests. Specific features of the Britax Marathon that make it stand out among other car seats include: 5-33 lbs. rear-facing, 20-65 lbs. forward-facing EPS foam surrounds the head wings offering additional side impact protection non-twist straps tether that can be used rear-facing as well as forward-facing built-in lockoffs 4 sets of harness slots Available in Canada and the Unites States Most parents would indicate that the biggest drawback to the Britax Marathon is the cost at $210-$270. Some parents also report that larger children in the upper weight range may find the seat narrow at the shoulders. Parents may also want to check out the other Britax convertible seats that are also very well reviewed, but have a few differences in features and limitations. Price ranges are as follows: Britax Roundabout $200-$220, Britax Decathlon $240-$285, and Britax Boulevard $270-$300. Fisher Price Safe Voyage Deluxe The Fisher Price Safe Voyage Deluxe is actually made by Britax. This seat lacks some of the bells and whistles of its Britax brothers, but its shell is nearly identical to that of the Decathlon. Specifications on this seat includes, 5-33 lbs. rear-facing, 20-55 lbs. forward-facing; 2-piece chest clip; EPS foam; side impact protection; non-twist straps; and high harness slots. Missing are the lockoffs, multiple crotch strap positions, and deluxe LATCH connectors. It cannot be tethered rear-facing. The bonus to the Fisher Price Safe Voyage is that it is nearly $100 less than the Marathon, selling for approximately $130. Cosco Scenera Though Cosco has been plagued with many seat recalls in the past, the Cosco Scenera is a good option for parents on a conservative budget. This light weight restraint accommodates children up to 35 lbs. rear-facing and 40 lbs. forward facing. It has four sets of harness slots and 3 crotch strap positions. It is a narrow seat that reportedly installs easily. At around $50, this is a more affordable seat. There are a few drawbacks to this seat. The harness adjuster may be a little difficult to use and it is not as padded as other seats. It does not have any EPS foam or side impact protection. With top harness slots at 14.5 inches a weight limit of 40 lbs, parents will likely need to purchase another harnessing car seat as the child grows. The Cosco Scenera with the 5 -point harness is highly prefered to the Cosco Scenera Versa with bar shield. Other Noteworthy Convertible Car Seats In addition to these seats, several others often receive nods from CPS Technicians for performing well and for ease of use. Evenflo Triumph Advance ($120-$170), Sunshine Kids Radian 65 ($180-$200), Recaro Como ($250), and Recaro Signo ($290) are all seats worth considering. If money is not an issue consider the SafeGuard Child Seat. Selling for over $400, it has an impressive list of features that increase safety and enhance being used easily and properly. The above seats were chosen based upon added safety features, ease of use, and ease of installation. Price range was considered in order to offer suggestions that suit various budgets. Specifications refer to models currently being manufactured, older models may have different requirements. For information on other car seat articles including on a comparison of Britax's line of convertible car seat, refer to blog entry entitled Car Seat Article Index. References: American Academy of Pediatrics Car-safety.org National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration Baby Bargains by Denise and Alan Fields. 2008 Recommend this About the author  Jennifer White Suite101 contributor Member since Nov 14, 2007 105 posts 13  Join the discussion View the discussion thread. what others are reading 0 Buying the Best Sun Cream Protection for Children Posted by Deborah Percy  0 What SPF is Best for Kids Posted by Jennifer White  0 Safer Crib Bumpers Posted by Jennifer White  0 Car Seat Safety and Aftermarket Products Posted by Jennifer White 1 0 The Dangers of Home Pesticide Use to Your Family Posted by Devon Lantry  More on this topic When to Change From Rear Facing Infant Car Seat to Toddler Seat By Deborah Percy  Installing Bed Rails for a Toddler By Kimberly Turtenwald  The Different Personal Safety Alarms Available for Children By Amy Clare Macdonald  2010 Best Booster Car Seats – Car Safety for Young Children By Linda Wongkee  The Lowdown on ISOFix Car Seats By Roxanne Clements  About Terms Contact Suite101 is one of the web's largest independent publishers, home to more than 20,000 experts, writers, teachers and travelers since 1996. Made in Vancouver, Canada.  