 Local Indianapolis Search Indianapolis Things to Do Neighborhoods Arts & Entertainment Explore all that Indianapolis has to offer in arts and entertainment, from art galleries and museums to plays, concerts, movies, dance, and more. Read reviews of Indy art and music enthusiasts' favorite places to go, and get the details about upcoming events, exhibits, and performances. You'll also find info on local radio and television stations and local celebrities. July 2013 Calendar of Events Spring Break 2013 The weather isn't exactly cooperating with us this year for spring break. Here are a few items of things you can do in Indianapolis for spring break. Downtown Indianapolis Carriage Rides See Indianapolis in style! Take a carriage ride throughout downtown Indy and take in the beautiful lights and sights. Indy's Top Romantic Date Ideas Need to get out of your dating rut? These ideas will take your date to another level of romance! 'A Little Night Music' Brings Romance to the Theatre The IRT offers theatre goers a unique musical, full of comedy, romance and lots of surprises! Get your tickets to celebrate Valentine's Day and get ready for an entirely different experience. Fun Things to do Indoors in Indianapolis Weather too cold or too wet? Looking for indoor fun in Indianapolis? These fun attractions will keep your entire family entertained in climate-controlled environments. 'Jackie & Me' Brings American History to Life at the IRT Jackie Robinson changed baseball and American history when he stepped onto Ebbets Field as the first black man to play in the Major Leagues. 'Jackie & Me' takes the audience back in time to experience this unique time in our country's history. Discover 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde' at the Indiana Repertory Theatre Explore the spookier side of theater with the Indiana Repertory Theatre's production of 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde'. This thrilling performance will definitely leave you thinking! 2012 Indy Parks Free Outdoor Concerts Schedule Enjoy the beautiful summer weather and catch one of these free Indy Parks concerts! 2012 Children's Summer Programs and Day Camps Need to get your kids signed up for summer activities? This list will help you sort through all that the city has to offer. Pretzel Crusted Snack Rolls are Perfect for Super Bowl Parties Looking for a quick party food? Created by Executive Chef Michael Vlasich of the Indianapolis Marriott Downtown, these pretzel crusted snack rolls are sure to delight. Celebrate the Super Bowl with Assorted Antipasto Tortilla Roulades Protein-rich and filled with flavor, this fun finger food is perfect for Super Bowl parties. Celebrate the Holidays with 'A Christmas Carol' There's just something magical about holiday events. Maybe it's the tradition of going every year with friends or family. Maybe it's the cool weather and the Christmas lights glowing along the streets. Whatever it is that makes these moments so special, the Indiana Repertory Theater's production of 'A Christmas Carol' has it. It's Politics as Usual at the IRT Production of 'Julius Caesar' Review on the IRT's production of 'Julius Caesar'. 2013 Summer Concert Guide The city is alive this summer with tons of great musical performances. This guide is sure to put a few concerts on your calendar! Ten Free Things to Do in Indianapolis No money? No problem. You can still find plenty of things to do for free in Indianapolis. Check out this list of free activities for starters. You don't have to break the bank to have fun in Indy. Free Country Music Concerts at the Indiana State Fair Indianapolis country radio station WFMS (95.5) has announced that free country music concerts will once again be held nightly on the WFMS Free Stage, Aug. 7-21, at the 2009 Indiana State Fair. Check out this year's lineup. Grandstand Performers and Concerts at the 2009 Indiana State Fair The 2009 Indiana State Fair wouldnt be complete without Grandstand headliners, and a host of popular bands and musical artists will grace the stage with evening concerts this year. This years performers will include Journey, the Oak Ridge Boys, Keith Urban, Sandi Patty, MercyMe, Kelly Clarkson, Jason Mraz, and Demi Lovato. Indianapolis Theatres and Performing Arts Venues Indianapolis is home to a wealth of venues for the performing arts. The following theatres offer plays, Broadway hits, musicals, concerts, and other live performances to Indy theater goers. Check the theatres' Web sites for the latest info on upcoming performances in Indianapolis, showtimes, and tickets. See What the Indianapolis Art Museum Has to Offer Check out all that the Indianapolis Art Museum (known locally as the IMA) has to offer, with information on the museum's location, hours, galleries, restaurants, and more. The Beauty of Botanical Art: IMA's Oldfields Estate Grounds and Gardens The Indianapolis Museum of Art, or IMA, includes the grounds and gardens of the Oldfields estate. The gardens feature an impressive assortment of plant life plus fountains, cascading streams, rock pools, and more to create a serene environment. Tours of the gardens and self-guided tree walks are offered. Indianapolis Music Performance Groups and Organizations Indianapolis is home to a host of music performance groups and organizations, including Indianapolis orchestras, choral groups, and opera. From the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra to the Indianapolis Children's Choir, Indy music groups are renowned for their excellent musicianship. Madame C.J. Walker Building and Theatre Center The Madame C.J. Walker Building, home of the Madame C.J. Walker Theatre and other facilities, is a celebration of African American arts and cultural events. The Walker Theatre hosts a variety of dance, music, and theatre performances through its Main Stage Series from October through May, and a variety of other events and programs are also hosted. The Toby Offers Films, Speakers, and Performances at the IMA The Toby, short for The Randall L. and Marianne W. Tobias Theater, is a place to experience performances, speakers, and cinema of a culturally adventurous nature. The theater is part of the Indianapolis Museum of Art campus. 2013 Klipsch Music Center Concert Schedule Klipsch Music Center has an impressive lineup this summer. Check out the list of all the top performers at this great outdoor venue. Georgia Street Hosts Friday Night Block Parties Take advantage of the beautiful summer weather and enjoy free concerts and events on the Georgia Street Boardwalk all summer long! 2013 Old National Centre Concert Schedule The Old National Centre is one of downtown Indianapolis' oldest concert venues. Completely renovated, the venue hosts some of the biggest concerts of the year. Check out the 2013 summer concert lineup! 2013 Bankers Life Fieldhouse Summer Concert Schedule Bankers Life Fieldhouse hosts some of the biggest events in the city. The Pacers and the Fever both call it home and the venue is known for hosting the biggest concerts of the year. This summer, the concert lineup features some of the biggest names in the industry. Check it out! 2013 Indy Parks Free Outdoor Concerts Schedule Summer has arrived and there's nothing like taking in the sights and sounds of the season with an outdoor concert. Indy Parks offered a myriad of entertainment in their parks across the city. Make plans to attend a few this summer! 2013 Summer Concerts at the Lawn at White River State Park The Farm Bureau Insurance Lawn at White River State Park is one of the hottest spots for outdoor concerts in downtown Indianapolis. Check out the exciting 2013 summer concert lineup! 2013 Indianapolis City Market Summer Concert Schedule Enjoy live music while shopping at the Indianapolis City Market various Wednesdays throughout the summer. See complete schedule here. Summer 2013 Family Movie Deals Looking for an inexpensive way to beat the heat this summer? Check out these theaters which offer special discounted family movies at a fraction of the original cost! The Indianapolis Museum of Art The Indianapolis Museum of Art offers ten exhibits, including decorative art, textile and fashion art, contemporary art, and art representing different parts of the world. Visitors can also tour the Oldfields-Lilly House and Gardens for a look at life on a country estate in the early 20th century. The Murat Centre Built in 1909 and themed after the Islamic temples found in the Middle East and Egypt, the Murat Centre is the oldest stage house still standing in downtown Indianapolis. Today, this grand, ornate facility is a popular entertainment venue for concerts, plays, and more. Verizon Wireless Music Center The Verizon Wireless Music Center, located northeast of Indianapolis off I-69, is one of Indy's premiere venues for big-name musicians and entertainers. The outdoor entertainment facility features covered seating in front of the stage and lawn seating on a hill that rises behind that. Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art From Ansel Adams' impressions of Yosemite to an interactive stagecoach exhibit, the Eitlejorg Museum celebrates our Native American heritage and the best of the west, including its people, the landscape, and the wildlife. Free Indianapolis Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Indianapolis Must Reads 2013 Summer Concert Guide Indianapolis Consignment Shops Indianapolis Area Farmers Markets August Calendar of Events Travel Back in Time at Conner Prairie Most Popular Top 5 Shopping Malls in Indianapolis Ten Free Things to Do in Indianapolis Rekindle Romance with an Indianapolis Area... Free Things to do with Your Kids in Indianapolis Indianapolis Public Schools 2012-2013 Calendar Free Indianapolis Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Events & Attractions City Services and Stats Arts & Entertainment Dining & Nightlife Sports Teams & Events Restaurants, Bars & Nightlife News and Issues Education & Employment Business & Government Neighborhoods & Housing History & Legends Parks & Outdoor Recreation Real Estate & Apartments Pets & Animals Shopping & Services Indianapolis About.com Local Indianapolis Arts & Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 