 Skip to Main Content | Skip to Navigation | Skip to Page Bottom A to Z | Calendar | Giving | Contact Us | We're Hiring | MSDSonline | Email Search this site  Prospective Students Current Students Alumni/Friends Parents Faculty/Staff Technology and Theatre Meet Art of Sound Design Theatre PerformanceIn All Forms The Science of Sound Expression Through Fine Art Make Beautiful Music Visual and Performing Arts Sciences and Arts  Visual and Performing Arts  Majors Audio Production and Technology—BS Sound Design—BA Theatre and Electronic Media Performance—BA Theatre and Entertainment Technology—BS Departmental Courses Admissions Minors Theatre Arts Music Music Composition Art Facilities See All Facilities Department Alumni Faculty and Staff Directory Giving Opportunities Events Contact Us Resources For . . . Current Undergraduate Students Prospective Students Alumni  quick-links Faculty and Staff Directory Departmental Courses Events Contact Us     Please enable JavaScript in your browser preferences for optimal page viewing of this site. Instructions for enabling JavaScript Keweenaw Symphony Orchestra: The Color of Sound The Keweenaw Symphony Orchestra launches its 43rd season celebrating composers who luxuriate in . . . [ read more ] 2000 Years of Pep! Huskies Pep Band with Special Guest Pep Band Historian and Conductor Jean Peptise . . . [ read more ] Brighton Beach Memoirs Tech Theatre Presents Brighton Beach Memoirs by Neil SimonBrighton Beach Memoirs is a . . . [ read more ] Degree Options Undergraduate Degrees Audio Production and Technology (BS) Sound Design (BA) Theatre and Electronic Media Performance (BA) Theatre and Entertainment Technology (BS) VPA Events Please enable Javascript. View the Visual and Performing Arts Events VPA Blog Please enable Javascript. View the Visual and Performing Arts Blog VPA Blog News Please enable Javascript. View the Visual and Performing Arts News More News Students can attend VPA events at no additional cost thanks to the Experience Tech fee.  Prospective Students Current Students Alumni/Friends Parents Faculty/Staff A to Z Calendar Giving Contact Us We're Hiring MSDSonline Email Search What You Need to Know Michigan Technological University is an equal opportunity educational institution/equal opportunity employer. Visual and Performing Arts  209 Walker 1400 Townsend Drive Houghton, MI 49931  Ph. 906-487-2067 Fax: 906-487-1841 Email: vpa@mtu.edu Michigan Technological University 1400 Townsend Drive Houghton, Michigan 49931-1295 906-487-1885 See a Problem? Email the Webmaster 