 Welcome to | Spokane, Washington | Near nature. Near perfect. 70 F High: 87 F Low: 58 F 5 day forecast Tue H: 87 F L: 58 F Wed H: 92 F L: 60 F Thu H: 89 F L: 61 F Fri H: 83 F L: 56 F Sat H: 87 F L: 57 F  Close  Prev | Next   Silverwood  Half-day Looking for an active vacation? With this package you will spend a full See Special Offer  Fuel  Fun Package-$199 Drive on over to Northern Quest, have some fun and fuel up on your way See Special Offer  Ultimate Golf Getaway at Take the ultimate golf getaway at Northern Quest Resort amp; Casino, See Special Offer  View All Offers  Special Offers Trip Ideas Resources Request Visitor Information Translate Home Eat Dining by Cuisine Juicy bites are in store… pick your favorite cuisine. Dining Guide Get “The Dish” on the region’s best restaurants. Nightlife Spokane's hip, urban nightlife guide. Breweries & Distilleries Inland Northwest Breweries & Distilleries guide Wineries Swirl, sip & savor the Northwest's best wine. Dining Map Click on the dining button and show places to eat on the map Dining Specials Look through our coupons and special offers from participating eateries Outdoor Eats Our guide to regional patio and sidewalk dining Stay Hotels & Motels Accommodations Your Way Bed & Breakfasts Comfy, Cozy, Intimate Guest Ranches Saddle Up and Stay! Motel Alternatives & Extended Stays Interesting Options Abound Resorts Indulge yourself when you choose a regional resort Rental Houses & Apartments Like home, only better RV Parks & Campgrounds Find the perfect place to pitch your tent or park your RV! Living in Spokane The Spokane Region is the perfect place to call home! Play Events Calendar Experience all the region’s special events. Arts & Entertainment Art, Music and Theatre speak to your soul. Attractions Thrill rides, water slides and great family fun. Nightlife See how we cater to the later night crowd. Recreation Outrageous outdoor adventures ahead! Shopping All your favorite stores, boutiques and shopping surprises. Special Offers Check out special values around the region. Wineries Swirl, sip and savor the northwest’s best wine! Meet Why Spokane? Find out why Spokane’s the perfect place for your next meeting or convention. How Do We Get There? Easy access by air, rail or car. Convention Facilities Our convention facilities will exceed your expectations! Hotel & Venue Search Facilities, venues and accommodations for your event! Convention Services Great staff, promotional tools and more ways than ever to make your job easy! Hot Deals. Hot Dates. Discounts and special offers for meeting space, hotels and local services. Meet the Team Send us an email, call or find someone that can help with you question. Submit Your RFP Take your first step toward a successful Spokane meeting right here! Group Travel Group Tour Assistance Contact us for group tour assistance or submit your RFP. Travel Trade Information Info on accommodations, attractions and suppliers for your group tour. Itinerary Ideas Suggested group or FIT trip ideas. Domestic/International Professional information & services for domestic and international groups Travel Professionals Find local tour service providers Photo Requests Enhance and promote your trip by requesting professional photos Map Explorer Navigate Spokane landmarks, attractions, accommodations, eateries and more. Media Media Assistance Contact us for media inquires and requests. Spokane News The Spokane Region Makes Headlines Around the World Spokane Videos See what our region has to offer through our fun and creative videos! Photo & Video Requests Request Visit Spokane photos for non-commercial, professional use only. Bragging Rights Reasons why Spokane is special! Press Kit Facts, figures and unique details about our region. Press Trips We love to host media. Get information here. Film Office Our region is a great place to film. Get the information you need to be successful. $(function() {$(".siteSearchBox .searchBoxInput").simpleview_placeholder();});  Play Arts & Entertainment Print View Itinerary ( 0 ) Share  Links Events Calendar Arts & Entertainment Attractions Nightlife Recreation Shopping Special Offers Wineries Winter Sports Golf Request Visitor Packet Spokane Regional Visitors Guide Spokane Insiders' Blog Transportation Visitor E-News Book Your Travel Area: View All Downtown Spokane Liberty Lake Northeast Spokane Northwest Spokane Southeast Spokane Spokane County Spokane International Airport Spokane Valley West Plains  Visitors Guide Click here to request a Visitors Packet with our Official Spokane Visitors Guide by filling out this online form . Click here to view our digital Visitors Guide . The Dish Spokane has some of the most exciting restaurants, coffee houses, bakeries, cafs and nightlife around. We are proud to publish The Dish , Spokane's definitive guide for dining and nightlife. Click here to view our digital Dining Guide . Arts  Entertainment It's time to take in the sights and sounds of Spokane's eclectic arts and entertainment scene! Our rich cultural heritage and extraordinarily talented locals provide you with incredible entertainment experiences. Stroll through an award winning museum. Let the music captivate you at our orchestra performances and concert venues. Laugh your way through an improv comedy show and sing along at world-class Broadway performances. Sit back, relax and let Spokane feed your artistic soul! Show map Filter: Browse by Area Downtown Spokane Idaho Northeast Spokane Northwest Spokane Southeast Spokane Spokane County Spokane International Airport Spokane Valley West Plains Browse by Category Arts Galleries Dinner Theaters Entertainment Facilities Festivals Movie Theaters Museums Performing Arts Ticket Information & Reservations Western Dancing & Entertainment View: A - F G - L M - R S - Z All   110 of 43    Map It Add to Itinerary Spokane Symphony 1001 W Sprague Spokane , WA 99201 Area: Downtown Spokane (509) 624-1200 Visit Website Email Facebook The Spokane Symphony, under the direction of Eckart Preu, is the largest and most active performing arts organization in the Inland Northwest. The 70-piece professional orchestra performs more than 60 More Info  Map It Add to Itinerary Northern Quest Resort & Casino 100 N Hayford Rd Airway Heights , WA 99001 Area: West Plains (509) 242-7000 Visit Website Email Facebook Enjoy Spokane Concerts, Comedy, Shows and Sporting Events at Northern Quest. Take in a star-studded show or concert in Spokane. Past entertainers include musicians BB King, Ringo Starr, Natalie Cole, More Info Offers  Map It Add to Itinerary Best of Broadway Series Spokane , WA 99220 Area: Downtown Spokane (509) 777-6253 Visit Website Email WestCoast Entertainment presents The Best of Broadway, the Inland Northwest’s largest ongoing performing arts series. In addition to presenting national touring Broadway productions in Spokane, this More Info  Map It Add to Itinerary TicketsWest 201 W North River Dr, Ste 100 Spokane , WA 99201 Area: Downtown Spokane (800) 325-SEAT Visit Website Email Ticketswest: The largest regional independent ticketing company in the United States, provides computerized ticketing services for sporting & entertainment events throughout the United States. More Info Map It Add to Itinerary WestCoast Entertainment 201 W North River Dr, Ste 100 Spokane , WA 99220 Area: Downtown Spokane (509) 459-6100 Visit Website Email Facebook WestCoast Entertainment is a national promoter presenting National Broadway touring productions and sporting events throughout the Western United States and Canada. A division of Ticketswest.com, More Info Map It Add to Itinerary NorthTown Mall 4750 N Division Spokane , WA 99207 Area: Northeast Spokane (509) 482-0209 Visit Website Facebook Largest regional shopping center in the Inland Northwest with over 175 specialty stores, 4 anchor stores, Barnes & Noble, Kohls, 12-screen Regal Cinemas, indoor family play area, FREE parking. More Info Map It Add to Itinerary River Park Square 808 W Main Spokane , WA 99201 Area: Downtown Spokane (509) 363-0304 Visit Website Facebook AMC Theatres 20 with IMAX; The region’s best theatre experience showing the latest releases in the largest movie theatre in the state of Washington. The Kress Gallery on the third level showcases art More Info Map It Add to Itinerary Martin Woldson Theater at The Fox 1001 W Sprague Spokane , WA 99201 Area: Downtown Spokane (509) 624-1200 Visit Website The theater offers a variety of elegant meeting spaces for private and corporate events, such as weddings, graduation and business. More Info Map It Add to Itinerary Martin Woldson Theater at The Fox 1001 W Sprague Spokane , WA 99201 Area: Downtown Spokane (509) 624-1200 Visit Website The theater offers a variety of elegant meeting spaces for private and corporate events, such as weddings, graduation and business. More Info Map It Add to Itinerary Spokane Valley Mall 14700 E Indiana Spokane Valley , WA 99216 Area: Spokane Valley (509) 926-3700 Visit Website Facebook Regional shopping center featuring JCPenney, Macy's, Sears, Old Navy, Nordstrom Rack, over 120 Specialty shops, 12-plex cinema and restaurants. Convenient, easy access and location at I-90 and More Info View: A - F G - L M - R S - Z All   110 of 43    Contact Us Visitor Information Center 201 W Main Avenue Spokane, WA 99201 Hours of Operation: Open 7 days a week Call us toll free at 1.888.SPOKANE or by email Visit Spokane Administrative Offices 801 W Riverside, Ste 301 Spokane, WA 99201 Hours of Operation: Mon-Fri: 8am - 5pm Call us at 1.509.624.1341 For a Complete Staff Directory Click Here Follow Us  Share | Share Get great Spokane travel advice on TripAdvisor. Experience Our Places to Stay Dining Shopping Recreation Wineries Golf Courses Scenic Tours How do you do? Let us customize your experience. Are you a... Meeting Planner Group Tour Planner Wedding or Reunion Planner Media & Press Learn More About our Tourism Industry Moving to Spokane? RSS Feeds Spokane Insiders' Blog Spokane Photos Spokane Videos Regional Event Calendar Partnership Partner Information Partner Login Visit Spokane Industry Events Advertising Opportunities Become a Partner Tourism Ambassador Program   2013 Visit Spokane. Meet Partnership Media Contact Us Privacy Policy About the Spokane Region About Visit Spokane Sitemap 801 W Riverside, Ste 301, Spokane, WA 99201. Reproduction or use of the contents on this site is prohibited without expressed written consent. For more information please call 1.509.624.1341. Powered by Simpleview  