  Mobile | Newsletters | RSS | Subscribe | Subscriber services Manage subscription on MyTimes Register subscription Digital access Delivery issues / feedback Temporary stops Make a payment Print Replica Subscriber rewards Subscriber: Log out | Subscriber Log In | Contact/Help Site feedback/questions Frequently asked questions Home delivery issues Send us news tips Send letters to the editor Submit event listings Request corrections Company information Traffic Winner of Nine Pulitzer Prizes Search Follow us: Advanced Search | Events  Venues | Obituaries Home Home Forums Graphics  databases Photography Video Special reports Corrections Shortcuts Today's news index Trending with readers Historical archives News News Local News Nation  World Obituaries Health care Politics Education Special reports Community partners Blogs  Columns Danny Westneat Nicole Brodeur Jerry Large Ron Judd Mnica Guzmn Sarah Stuteville The Today File The Blotter Weather Beat Politics Northwest Picture This Seattle Sketcher FYI Guy Shortcuts Traffic Weather Lottery Business  Tech Business  Tech Boeing / Aerospace Microsoft Personal technology Blogs  Columns Brier Dudley's Blog Microsoft Pri0 Jon Talton Sunday Buzz Shortcuts Stock prices Sports Sports High School UW Huskies WSU Cougars SU Redhawks Gonzaga College sports Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Reign FC Storm NBA Hockey Golf Snow sports Outdoors Other sports Blogs Husky Football Husky Men's Basketball Mariners Seahawks NBA in Seattle The Hot Stone League Pac-12 Confidential The Brewery Sounders FC High School Sports Take 2 Reel Time Fishing NW Women's Hoops Columns Jerry Brewer Larry Stone Bud Withers Sideline Chatter Shortcuts Sports forums Scores  stats Sports on TV  radio Entertainment Entertainment Movies Music  Nightlife The Arts Books Blogs  Columns ArtsPage Lit Life | Mary Ann Gwinn Nicole Brodeur Popcorn  Prejudice: A movie blog SoundPosts Shortcuts Comics Games Horoscopes TV listings Today's events Find events  venues Submit listings Food Food  Drink Food  Drink Restaurants Blogs  Columns All You Can Eat | Rebekah Denn Happy Hour Taste | Nancy Leson Shortcuts Search restaurants Search bars/clubs Food  drink events Living Living Home  Garden Health  Fitness Pacific NW Magazine Pets Blogs  Columns Domestic Goddess | Rebecca Teagarden Fit for Life | Nicole Tsong In the Garden | Ciscoe Morris The Natural Gardener | Valerie Easton Now  Then | Paul Dorpat Carolyn Hax Rant  Rave Shortcuts Fairs  festivals Hobby events Homes Homes  Real Estate NW Neighborhoods Design  Dcor Money Matters Shortcuts Homes for sale Rentals New homes Open homes Post a listing Travel Travel  Outdoors Travel Outdoors Summer guide Seattle guide Washington guide Oregon guide British Columbia guide Blogs  Columns Northwest Traveler Travel Wise Destinations | Kristin Jackson Rick Steves' Europe Reel Time Fishing Northwest Shortcuts Outdoor/recreation events Opinion Editorials  Opinion Editorials  Opinion Letters to the Editor Blogs  Columns Opinion Northwest Sharon Pian Chan Lance Dickie Jonathan Martin Bruce Ramsey Kate Riley Thanh Tan Lynne K. Varner  Jobs Jobs Find a job Post a resume Career center Post a job Autos Autos Find a vehicle Find a dealer Research Sell a vehicle Classifieds Classifieds Search classifieds Post a listing Friday, January 9, 2004 - Page updated at 12:00 AM E-mail article Print Visual Arts Humor, social commentary leave lasting impression By Matthew Kangas Special to The Seattle Times  Exhibit review "The Sixth Annual Altoids Curiously Strong Collection," 1-6 p.m. Thursdays-Sundays, through Jan. 25, Consolidated Works, 500 Boren Ave. N., Seattle, $5 suggested donation (206-381-3218 or www.conworks.org ).  Consolidated Works is hosting another annual survey of paintings, prints, photographs, drawings and sculptures by young contemporary artists. "The Sixth Annual Altoids Curiously Strong Collection" will eventually be donated to New York's New Museum of Contemporary Art, a generous gesture by Altoids' parent company, the Anglo-French candy maker Callard  Bowser-Suchard. Selected by 10 curators from across the country, the 23 artists from New York, California, Florida and Pennsylvania use humor, irony, satire and multiracial sensibilities to create a refreshing cross-section of American art today. While the scale is often small, the impact and pleasure of the works on view are great. The plurality of styles includes abstraction, realism, pop art and kitsch. References to the 1960s and 1970s abound, apparently nostalgic lodestones for young artists now in their 20s and 30s. For instance, there's a huge vinyl floor mat of Yoko Ono by an artist (or group of artists?), Assume Vivid Astro Focus, who gave her a hairdo that could have come straight off a Beatles album cover. That's matched by a color photo that includes another '60s icon  abstract expressionist painter Willem de Kooning  by Joe Fig. The Brooklyn artist has meticulously constructed a small replica of de Kooning's Long Island studio, built a stick puppet figure of the artist at his easel, and even created facsimile paintings of the artist's controversial last works, done under the influence of Alzheimer's disease. Another interior-view photo that's clever is "Joe's Junkyard" (no date) by Lisa Kereszi. She simply shot the crowded office of a junkyard owner with a glowing television at its center. Naomi Fisher's "Furry Plant" (2000) is funny, too. It's a nighttime scene of a furry tropical plant with the hairy backside of a young man posing nearby. The sculptures are not as exciting as those in last year's Altoids collection, but some have their own virtues. "Street Lamp II" (2001) by Rob De Mar perches a mini-roadside environment atop a tall pole. Its small size is startling next to Conrad Bakker's "Exercise Bike" (2003), a lifesize, crudely carved and painted replica of that bane of New Year's resolutions, the stationary exercycle. Much more enigmatic are the rhinestone-encrusted switchblade by asianpunkboy and an abstract wall-leaning sculpture of white wood and plastic by Paul Swenbeck. Iona Rozeal Brown fashions a painting of an African-American geisha, "A3 Blackface #49" (2003), that alludes to the phenomenon of racial blending. Tony Gray is more pointed about race in his untitled photo collage that juxtaposes appropriated multiracial pornography scenes with wild moir patterns and silhouettes of African-American men. By comparison, the paintings seem tame in subject matter but impeccable in their colorful and, in some cases, unexpected imagery. "Shadows" (2001) by Mala Iqbal uses street-art and graffiti techniques like spray paint and tagging in her large landscape of row houses, tree trunks and confining fences. Wangechi Mutu's collage painting is reminiscent of Jimi Hendrix, a vaguely gendered figure with elaborate makeup and feather headdress. Elsewhere, adolescent fantasies may underlie another painting, Hernan Bas' "Listening Party" (2003). It joins the leisure-time scene of a happy hippy family by Nick Lowe of Los Angeles. Tender or harsh? Sentimental or ironic? It's hard to tell with this year's Altoids collection. Since sincerity is something impossible to determine in a work of art, viewers are left to their own devices, reading in their own reactions to this grouping of hot younger artists. That's all part of the fun. Copyright  2004 The Seattle Times Company Get home delivery today!  Most read Most commented Most e-mailed  New, improved Husky Stadium ready to shine Soaring rents force lifestyle changes Heres what the Seahawks final roster might look like Amazon alters strategy to win landmark CIA contract Macklemore & Ryan Lewis capture top awards at VMAs Sounders deliver win in Clint Dempseys home debut Magical night for passionate Sounders FC fans Dawggone it: Stadium blocked till Saturday Zurich begins experiment with drive-in 'sex boxes' Cool, greener air getting pumped into planes at Sea-Tac Coping with soaring rent 286 Game thread: Rangers at Mariners 157 Mariners special assistant to GM, Tony Blengino, looking elsewhere 98 Obama considers quick, limited military strike against Syria 94 Seattle teachers reject schools contract proposal 89 Kerry: Syrias chemical arms use `moral obscenity 84 Notes from Steve Sarkisians press conference 57 Franklin Gutierrez back with Mariners, Aaron Harang DFA 42 KING5: 400 law enforcement officers raid Tukwila motels 36 AARP: Fewer people will take care of baby boomers 34 Soaring rents force lifestyle changes New, improved Husky Stadium ready to shine 43 new books for fall 2013 Breast-feeding moms get help in health-care plan Amazon alters strategy to win landmark CIA contract Federal Way girls mission: Get pygmy goats treated like dogs and cats Nations former top auditor sounds the alarm on debt | In Person Nooksack 306 fight to remain in tribe Moran State Park is an island treasure Travel Wise | Volunteering around the world and close to home Most viewed images  Site Map Home Local Nation/World Business/Tech Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Extras Forums Contact/Help Site feedback/questions Frequently asked questions Home delivery issues Send us news tips Send letters to the editor Submit event listings Request corrections Newsroom contacts Social media Report malware Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile site Mobile apps Low-graphic site Newsletters RSS Today's News Index Advertising Advertise with us Digital advertising Classifieds Death notices Job listings Auto listings Real Estate listings Rental listings Company About us Employment Historical archives Pulitzer prizes Seattle Times store Purchase photos Newspapers In Education Subscriber Services Subscribe MyTimes Temporary stops Make a payment Print Replica Subscriber rewards Today's front page (PDF) The Seattle Times Company Network: Seattletimes.com | Jobs | Autos | Homes | Classifieds | Rentals | Personals Copyright  The Seattle Times Company | Advertise with us | Privacy statement | Terms of service  