 Operating systems, development tools, and professional services for connected embedded systems   Deutsch  Login Contact Us PRODUCTS Operating Systems Acoustics + Multimedia QNX CAR Tools BSP Directory Certifications SERVICES Professional Services Training + Education Consulting + Programs Automotive Services MARKETS Automotive Industrial Medical Networking + Telecoms Security + Defense PARTNERS Overview Directory Program Benefits QNX Partner Network Strategic Partners Product Download COMMUNITY Foundry27 Projects BSP Directory Social Media Forums The Source Newsletter Archive COMPANY About QNX Careers Certifications Contact Us Customers Distributors Executive Profiles Industry Awards News + Events QNX-in-Education SUPPORT Overview Support Options Support Portal Knowledge Base Foundry27 DOWNLOADS All QNX Product Evaluation QNX Software Development Platform 6.5.x BSP directory Hardware Database QNX RTOS 4.x Reference Designs + Demos Whitepapers CONNECT WITH US Home Markets Markets Automotive Industrial Medical Networking + Telecoms Security + Defense Relevant technologies QNX CAR Application Platform QNX Aviage Acoustic Processing Suite QNX Momentics Tool Suite QNX Neutrino RTOS Automotive Solutions Product Highlight QNX CAR application platform Webinar Squeezing high-end technologies into low-end infotainment systems Customer Video Harman International Whitepaper Why automakers (should) care about HTML5 Blog On the road with QNX Service Automotive team  Overview Solutions Technology Ecosystem Services Customers Build the advanced systems you need for less With 30 years of experience under our belt, weÂve learned a thing or two about building reliable, compelling in-vehicle systems that are on-spec, on-budget, and on time. In fact, weÂre the automotive industry leader with more vehicle models (200+) shipped than with all other platforms combined. Why customers choose QNX We offer a unique production-proven automotive portfolio for quickly building high-quality, visually rich products that are the lowest cost to develop, deploy, and service. This portfolio contains an innovative and comprehensive family of technologies, solutions, and services: Solutions  QNX CAR, a unique pre-integrated platform Technology  Awarding winning development tools, deployment technologies, and innovative middleware Ecosystem  industrys biggest and broadest with silicon, middleware, connectivity, tools, graphics, HMI technology, etc Services  tiger teams, customized support, training, and more Here's how youÂll benefit Dramatically reduce your development risks by partnering with the de facto automotive leader Â QNX Software Systems has more production experience than any other supplier Measurably improve your bottom line by using a reliable and scalable application platform that provides the lowest costs to develop, deploy, and service advanced systems Build high quality, compelling products by drawing on the industryÂs biggest and broadest ecosystem of best-of-breed solutions QNX technology is used in more vehicle models (200+) and by more automakers and suppliers than all other platforms combined. The reasons are simple: We strive for excellence in every line of code, we push to be the first to deliver value into our customerÂs hands, and we deliver solutions that are the lowest cost to develop, deploy, and service. This gives customers a rock-solid platform and leading-edge middleware on which to build reliable, compelling in-vehicle systems that are on-spec, on-time, and on-budget. Software architecture The QNX car application platform provides a reusable software base that can be used in a variety of automotive applications. The common software architecture provided by QNX CAR is used by the infotainment and instrument cluster reference implementations.The software architecture addresses everything from hardware support (BSPs) to human machine interface technology and is complemented by development tools, professional services, a Foundry27 community portal, and an extensive partner ecosystem. QNX automotive software stack  QNX automotive software stackThe QNX automotive software architecture stack provides a reusable base that can be used in a variety of applications.  Applications  The QNX automotive software stack offers a complete solution with sample applications for Google local search, YouTube player, Pandora Internet radio, media player, phone, contacts, picture viewer, weather, games, application store, and more. See also: QNX CAR application platform , QNX Aviage HMI Suite Graphics/HMI  The QNX automotive software stack provides an HMI layer using industry standard Adobe Flash for developing beautiful yet easily integrated HMIs. It extends the capabilities of Adobe Flash with a powerful framework and all the underlying graphics technologies required for rapidly building HMIs that look and perform as well as the latest consumer devices. See also: QNX CAR application platform , QNX Aviage HMI Suite OS services  The QNX automotive software stack pre-integrates many of the key components (multimedia, hands-free, software update, speech recognition, and navigation) required for todayÂs automotive projects, saving engineers from significant technical challenges in doing these components themselves. See also: QNX CAR application platform , QNX Aviage Acoustic Processing , QNX Aviage HMI Suite , QNX Neutrino RTOS High Availability , QNX Neutrino RTOS Adaptive Partitioning , QNX Neutrino RTOS File Systems , QNX Neutrino RTOS Networking (click on the appropriate technology tab) Core OS  The award-winning QNX Neutrino RTOS offers unparalleled reliability and scalability, and has been deployed in over 200 vehicle models. It is complemented with extensive software components for high availability, fast boot, device connectivity, file systems, and networking. See also: QNX CAR application platform , QNX Aviage HMI Suite , QNX Neutrino RTOS , BSP directory , Supported hardware directory QNX automotive solutions are tailor made to reduce the cost of development and deployment. We give you the technology needed to implement compelling in-vehicle systems, helping you simplify system design with customizable UI-rich middleware and components complete with low-level infrastructure. Take your design from graphical prototype to final product without re-coding. QNX Software Systems brings industry-leading production experience and a 30-year track record of cutting-edge technology and innovative programs to our solutions. In fact, they have been created with hundreds of person-years of automotive specific development and integration behind them. Application platform Instrument cluster Hands-free Application platform The QNX CAR application platform is a pre-integrated software stack that includes production-proven technology from QNX Software Systems and dozens of ecosystem partners. Its reference implementations and reskinable HMI allow development teams to easily create world-class infotainment systems that include: Internet connectivity and browsing Bluetooth and hands-free calling rear-seat gaming and edutainment vehicle monitoring and virtual mechanic support media device connectivity navigation with Google maps and local search Pandora audio and streaming video See also: QNX CAR Application Platform Instrument clusters The digital instrument cluster is the new frontier for in-vehicle electronics. ItÂs a place where safety-critical features meet compelling graphical environments. See why QNX Software Systems has all the right technologies that come together for a perfect fit in this up-and-coming space. Business issues A well-executed instrument cluster can bring a huge amount of prestige and attention to a vehicle. But a poorly executed one can spell complete disaster, not only affecting sales but creating potential liability. QNX Software Systems can help meet robust and reliable demands while adding sizzle by: Building products to strict safety standards Leveraging development across multiple vehicle lines by reskinning cluster Maintaining rapid development pace despite introduction of new technologies Development issues Developing a digital instrument cluster requires retraining technical staff for a host of new technologies that arenÂt in the analog space. QNX Software Systems can help ease the transition by providing ready-made solutions: Move from home-built OS to true RTOS, leveraging standards and the ability to use existing code Create system with ÂinstantÂ boot speed to meet customer expectations on immediate cluster availability as soon as vehicle is started Use sophisticated 2D and 3D graphics to create rich compelling displays Use dozens of supported third party HMI tools for ease of development Our solution QNX Software Systems provides a digital instrument cluster solution that can handle the demanding reliability environment at the same time as providing beautiful, attractive cluster graphics with: Standards based tools (Eclipse) and OS (POSIX) that enables rapid learning curve Component based architecture that promotes software reuse A reliable and certifiable RTOS, which makes safety critical designs possible Adobe Flash and OpenGL-ES based HMI for creating beautiful, compelling graphics In addition, many third-party HMI tools (such as Elektrobit Guide, Altia Deep Screen, and Qt) are available through the QNX ecosystem. Hands-free The line between a simple hands-free system and a complete telematics system is blurring as OEMs continue to expand and add features to headless modules. QNX Software Systems is a pioneer in the telematics industry, and has the technology and experience to help, no matter how complex the hands-free features become in a deployed system. In fact, as of 2010, QNX technology is shipping in over 75 percent of factory-installed Bluetooth hands-free systems in vehicles from Acura, Daimler Chrysler, Honda, Nissan, Saab, Toyota, and many others. We are the recognized leader in this space not only because of our industry-leading real-time OS, but also because of the advanced technology in the QNX Aviage Acoustic Processing Suite. The same technology that companies have come to rely on for standalone hands-free systems is now pre-integrated into the QNX CAR Application Platform. The rare combination of acoustic technology and microkernel reliability allows us to help OEM and tier one suppliers meet a growing number of challenges. Business issues Hands-free systems are morphing from offering simple Bluetooth calling to incorporating more and more telematics features, which drives up complexity. At the same time, escalating costs must be driven down. Balancing these two opposing forces, while continually improving reliability, audio quality, and simplifying or eliminating the OEM tuning process are key to a successful hands-free system. QNX Software Systems understands the business issues driving hands-free systems, and helps solve these issues: Migrating simple hands-free systems into full gateways Maintaining hard real-time responsiveness and life-critical reliability Reducing cost through replacing hardware BOM with software capability Development issues Creating a flawless hands-free system is a complex endeavor and anything that can be done to make the developerÂs life easier is welcome. QNX Software Systems provides secure, reliable, upgradeable components for creating hands-free systems that: Integrate with speech technologies for email text-to-speech and hands-free communication Handle noisy environments and double-talk Offer next-generation speech technologies using context-based natural language recognition Our solution QNX Software Systems has a repeatedly production-proven solution that improves user experience while making the system development simple with: Best-in-class audio quality for a hands-free solution Elimination of the need for an OEM to do expensive and time consuming tuning for each vehicle Removal of requirement for dedicated speech, AEC, or hands-free DSP Handling of telematics protocols and networking QNX Software Systems understands the value of providing complete, ready-to-use, pre-integrated solutions. Our production-proven automotive ecosystem is the industryÂs biggest and broadest, giving customers more options when creating best-in-class solutions. Speech middleware AT Cambridge Silicon Radio (CSR) Nuance Communications VoiceBox Technologies Vehicle bus technologies Averna Bit Ctrl Systems Danlaw Technologies Dearborn Group Electronic System Design SMSC STEINHOFF Automation Vector Informatik Bluetooth technologies Cambridge Silicon Radio Clarinox Cybercom Group Mecel Sybase / iAnywhere Web middleware Access Mozilla Firefox Openwave Webkit Connectivity solutions Airbiquity Arada Systems Atheros Communications Broadcom Devicescape Marvell Red Bend Software Thales Group Database technologies Empress Hitachi Data Systems IBM McObject MySQL Oracle Raima Integrated applications 7Digital Accuweather Atlantic Records Best Parking Event Seekr HearPlanet Pandora Parkopedia Slacker Soundtracker TuneIn The Weather Network Tools Logix IBM Lauterbach National Instruments Sencha Multimedia technologies Apple DivX Fraunhofer Freescale Semiconductor Gracenote Microsoft NVIDIA PacketVideo Pandora Renesas Technology Rovi Sonic Solutions Texas Instruments Graphics and HMI Alt Software Altia Crank Software Digia Elektrobit The Imagination Group NVIDIA Vivante System integrators Akita Electronics Systems Code Edge Elektrobit Lectronix Patni Computer Systems Systemic Realtime Design Teleca Wipro Technologies Navigation technologies 3DVU Elektrobit iGO Navigon NAVTEQ Tele Atlas Telenav Telecomsys Trimble Java technologies IBM jQuery ProSyst Services BSquare Symphony Teleca Silicon Freescale Semiconductor Fujitsu Intel Marvell NVIDIA NXP Qualcomm Renesas Technology Texas Instruments Xilinx The complexity of today's vehicles is growing exponentially. Hardware and software must be properly integrated to ensure reliable operations of everything from the suspension to the CD player. With the addition of more consumer-electronics, location-based services, and off-board connectivity, this integration is increasingly crucial to the driver experience. It is this integration process, however, that often bogs down production and creates unwanted delays. QNX Automotive Solutions provides quality engineering support to help tier one system integrators and OEMs eliminate program delays and meet or exceed project milestones and start of production (SOP) commitments. Based on extensive hands-on experience in automotive development, support, and integration in all areas of the QNX product portfolio, our team of senior engineers applies field-proven engineering and project-management practices to ensure successful results. We currently have a 100 percent success rate helping customers meet their deadlines. See also: QNX Professional Services Why QNX? Benefits Services Process The QNX Automotive Solutions team is uniquely qualified to help customers eliminate program delays and meet or exceed project milestones and start of production (SOP) commitments. EXPERTISE We have worked extensively in all areas of in-car computing, including: low-latency audio systems multimedia graphics, displays, and rotating media (hard disks and CDs) file systems peripheral busses: USB, SPI, I2S, I2C EXPERIENCE We have logged hundreds of person years of automotive development, support, and integration in all areas of the QNX product portfolio. SERVICE EXCELLENCE We currently have a 100 percent success rate helping customers meet their deadlines. COMPLETE PROJECTS ON TIME AND ON BUDGET With hundreds of person years in automotive development, support, and integration, the QNX Automotive Solutions team knows how to manage and deliver complex projects within tight timeframes and budgets. FOCUS ON ADDING VALUE By co-sourcing integration and development work with the QNX Automotive Solutions team, customers can focus more time on more important things Â like adding high value features to products. CUT COSTS AND SPEED ROI Members of the QNX Automotive Solutions team have first-hand experience optimizing QNX-based software to perform optimally on partner hardware; we use this experience to help customers cut development costs and speed time-to-revenue. QNX Automotive Solutions offers three engineering support options: AUTOMOTIVE PROJECT TEAM Dedicated team for long term support, development, and integration Architecture reviews Demonstration support Technology prototyping Driver development and optimization System-level analysis Prioritized enhancements and bug fixing Target platform specific testing Advanced system-level optimization (fast start up, system profiling, BOM cost reduction, mini-drivers, footprint) This team includes a project manager, senior developer, and development/test specialist, and is backed by a software development group of professionals focusedon automotive-specific projects. AUTOMOTIVE TIGER TEAM Small, focused team for short-term, high-priority, time-critical requirements This team can be on-site on short notice to help troubleshoot and solve complex, unforeseen issues. It is supported by resources in the larger QNX AutomotiveSolutions and core QNX engineering teams. It has close ties with key suppliers of automotive software and hardware products, and services. AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN WORKSHOP SUPPORT Short or medium-term support and development option hosted at Phase Four, the QNX automotive engineering facility This service allows your engineering team to work hand-in-hand with members of the QNX Automotive Solutions team. We provide development and lab space for multiple team members, test equipment, prototype hardware, and, if required, the vehicle itself. Customers who work with the QNX Automotive Solutions team know they are working with a team that has a successful formula to achieving results. The questions we ask when creating a customer plan include: What technology can we leverage to meet customer deliverables? What BSP customizations are needed (custom hardware)? What middleware customizations are needed? What future roadmap or R work must be pulled into product? What reference code can be leveraged but must be hardened? What pieces are missing and must be created? What is the division of responsibility between the customer and QNX Software Systems? What is the schedule of work? Web site Acura HandsFreeLink, a Bluetooth-enabled, hands-free phone system, comes standard in all Acura and several Honda vehicles including the Accord, Odyssey, and Pilot. The system creates a wireless connection to mobile phones and allows drivers to make and receive calls without distracting them from the road. The quality hands-free calling experience is provided by the QNX Aviage Acoustic Processing Suite. Web site Blog entry Audi The QNX-based Audi Multi Media Interface showcases QNX graphics technology on top of the solid QNX Neutrino RTOS. The MMI system connects every advanced system in the Audi A8L, Q5, and A6 vehicles, allowing drivers to control everything from DVD based navigation, through Bluetooth communications, to CD audio and satellite radio. Web site BMW Deployed in over ten BMW models (including the 7-series and M models), BMWÂs QNX-based infotainment system controls a number of in-vehicle functions such as navigation, audio, iPod and MP3 player connectivity, media management, and Bluetooth hands-free. Web site Chrysler Using a combination of the QNX Neutrino RTOS and QNX Aviage Acoustic Processing, the Chrysler Pacifica UConnect offers an optional hands-free, in-vehicle communications system that places calls with Bluetooth phones and provides a clear, reliable calling experience. A microphone in the rear-view mirror accepts voice commands and allows drivers to keep their hands on the wheel and eyes on the road. Web site Press release Daewoo DaewooÂs VisionJoy system is an integrated navigation and information unit that relies on the QNX Neutrino RTOS for its ultra-reliable operation. The system uses a touch screen interface and GPS-enabled communications to provide drivers with services such as traffic and congestion updates, automatic route selection, and detailed 'turn-by-turn" voice directions. It is available today in the Daewoo Statesman and Winstorm. Web site GM OnStar is a subscription-based communications, monitoring, and tracking service provided by General Motors. As a standard feature in all GM vehicles for North America, it uses both the QNX Neutrino RTOS for guaranteed performance in emergency situations and the clear hands-free quality of the QNX Aviage Acoustic Processing Suite. Web site Press release Hyundai The Hyundai Mobis MTS-1 navigation system simultaneously manages navigation, a hands-free phone module, a rear-seat entertainment screen, media-rich applications, and user controls such as window lifts, seat adjusts, and HVAC through a single, multi-functional console. The system is built on the QNX Neutrino RTOS and QNX graphics for a trouble-free user experience. Web site Blog entry Press release Land Rover Range Rover The Land RoverÂs digital instrument cluster presents driver information through virtual gauges and sophisticated graphics, made reliable by the QNX Neutrino RTOS. Dynamically reconfigured for the vehicleÂs operating modes, the display is provided as a standard feature in all markets worldwide. Web site Porsche The Porsche Communication Management system is a central control unit for audio, navigation and communications, featuring iPod, MP3, and USB memory stick playback, Bluetooth compatibility, GPS navigation, and more. QNX-based technology coordinates the device connectivity of the PCM system, which is operated through voice control and a large touch-screen interface. Web site Saab The 9-3 line of Saab vehicles offers an infotainment system that combines Bluetooth, navigation and connection to MOST, provides full navigation and turn-by-turn driving display, and supports an RDS receiver, CD changer, and mobile phone. SaabÂs tier one supplier chose QNX Software Systems as the OS provider because of our reliable track record of in-vehicle installations. Press release Web site Renault Samsung The Renault-Samsung 3D infotainment system provides the SM7 with a variety of services, including navigation with traffic updates, air conditioning, car audio, gas mileage, engine control unit monitoring, DMB broadcast, MP3, WMA, and video playback, as well as rear-seat entertainment. This amazing combination of capabilities is based on the QNX Neutrino RTOS.  2013 QNX Software Systems Limited, a subsidiary of BlackBerry. Sitemap Legal Licensing Privacy Contact 