 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Flickr More omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile  Yahoo! Answers  Search Answers Search Web  Sign In  Mail Go to Mail." data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'> Help  Account Info Help Suggestions Send Feedback Yahoo!  Home Browse Categories Arts  Humanities Beauty  Style Business  Finance Cars  Transportation Computers  Internet Consumer Electronics Dining Out Education  Reference Entertainment  Music Environment Family  Relationships Food  Drink Games  Recreation Health Home  Garden Local Businesses News  Events Pets Politics  Government Pregnancy  Parenting Science  Mathematics Social Science Society  Culture Sports Travel Yahoo! Products My Activity Sorry, you need to be Signed in to see this. Not a member? Join Here . About How Answers Works Points & Levels Community Guidelines Leaderboard Suggestion Board Answers Blog  Ask What would you like to ask?  Answer Discover What are you looking for? Advanced Search Home  All Categories  Arts  Humanities  Performing Arts  Resolved Question Justin Member since: March 30, 2006 Total points: 2,748 (Level 4) Add Contact Block Resolved Question Show me another  What is the difference between art and entertainment? Art and entertainment are both things that are perceived. Good art and good entertainment both produce a satisfying experience for the beholder. What is the difference? 7 years ago Report Abuse Additional Details Everyone has raised some interesting points but I still havent found an answer which really explains it. Some of you have characterized art requiring a creative process but so does entertainment. Also some have said art is expression but entertainment can also be expression. Just think of comedians who express their views in often hilarious ways which offer real social commentary just like art might. Entertainment has been associated with enjoyment. If there is no enjoyment, there is no entertainment. However, not all forms of entertainment are enjoyed by everyone just like not all forms of art are enjoyed by everyone. Even entertainment within the same genre can be both liked and disliked by different people. The most common theme I see in your answers is that art is for thinking and entertainment is for enjoyment. I dont think this holds up because the same thought processes that make art stimulating also makes entertainment stimulating. 7 years ago by Michael A Member since: June 19, 2006 Total points: 1,192 (Level 3) Add Contact Block Best Answer - Chosen by Voters Not all art is entertaining, and not all entertainment is artistic. 7 years ago Report Abuse 40% 2 Votes 1 person rated this as good  1 stars - mark this as Interesting! Email Comment ( 0 ) Save Add to My Yahoo! Add to Del.icio.us RSS  There are currently no comments for this question. * You must be logged into Answers to add comments. Sign in or Register . Other Answers (16) Show: All Answers Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Rated Highest to Lowest by kzzxguy Member since: June 13, 2006 Total points: 5,710 (Level 5) Add Contact Block check the spelling. A R T E N T E R T A I N M E N T different rite? its for diiferent people wif different preception. 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes by Gillydoo... Member since: June 28, 2006 Total points: 114 (Level 1) Add Contact Block In art, WE are responsible to imagine the action or movement prior to and after the moment in time of the painting or sculptures creation. It is a mental picture of movement or action that we are responsible to create. In entertainment, those actions are played out before us while we sit back and judge those actions. To be entertained by someone or something is subjective to the viewer. 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by Karl M Member since: June 28, 2006 Total points: 328 (Level 2) Add Contact Block William Schuman, the great American Pulitzer Prize winning composer, educator (Head of the Juilliard School of Music) and administrator (Head of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts) once provided a distinction which I find meaningful. When asked if popular music could be art, he replied by stating that there is a difference between popular and classical music. In popular music, the goal of the creator is that the music be popular and its success is measured by how popular (or entertaining) it is. For art music, the goal is to satisfy the creative expression of the composer. Its success can be measured in how well the final product satisfies the creative expression of the composer. While the composer of art music might hope for the audience to appreciate his or her work, that is not the goal. While such a notion has changed in the history of Western Civilization, the great danger in my mind is to suggest that art must entertain and therefore be judged by its economic viability. Source(s): Taped interview with William Schuman and broadcaster, critic, Paul Snook. 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by DR Member since: June 13, 2006 Total points: 5,132 (Level 5) Add Contact Block Entertainment is defined by who it reaches, regardless of what it is or what its perceived quality is. Art is defined by what it is, regardless of whether it reaches anyone. Art can be entertainment, and entertainment can be art. Low-quality is not generally consistent with art while it only affects entertainment to the extent that it affects what the entertainment reaches. 7 years ago Report Abuse 20% 1 Vote 1 person rated this as good  by Martin K Member since: June 24, 2006 Total points: 475 (Level 2) Add Contact Block No real difference. Theyre different side of the same coin. Good art can entertain, it should. In the beginning art was made for pleasure, its only academics and critics that made the distinction in the last century and that was to earn a living, 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by absalom a Member since: June 28, 2006 Total points: 116 (Level 1) Add Contact Block Art is a skill that one has. Entertainment is the feel so the art one perfect result to entertain when one shares the art..eg gymnastic this is an art of perfection on enjoys (entertained) by watching ie sharing the art. 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by musikgee... Member since: March 10, 2006 Total points: 1,704 (Level 3) Add Contact Block Really, I think that art is something that a vast majority of people in either the upper-class community, or the educated say: That is art! Sort of like Marcel DuChamps (spell?) ready made originals. He bought 12 rakes, signed them and sold them to people as art. Its what the vast majority of people consider art, or what a large enough of a select group considers art that makes it art in general. Of course, this is extremely flawed. Then again, how could we ALL agree on what is art and what isnt? I say that the arbitrary difference in a groups opinion shouldnt matter, and if you want to, you can call it art. Your own definition of what is important to you and what influences you is more important to what is art than any someone could come up with here. Art is ultimately a personal thing. As for a difference between art and entertainment, its the same: youre going to have to figure out wether you want to call it art or entertainment. My idea of entertainment, is to listen to or watch some opera, or some classical music. Sure, by conventional standards it is art that Im listening to. But I like it, and it entertains me, so I call it entertainment. 7 years ago Report Abuse 20% 1 Vote 1 person rated this as good  by Carl S Member since: May 05, 2006 Total points: 2,857 (Level 4) Add Contact Block Michael * answer is just circular logic, makes no sense in answering your question. From the Merriam-Webster website, art is defined as the conscious use of skill and creative imagination especially in the production of aesthetic objects; also : works so produced Entertainment, on the other hand, I think is just a past time to keep the viewer (or listener or reader) occupied. Source(s): http://www.m-w.com/ 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by Leela13 Member since: May 17, 2006 Total points: 2,057 (Level 3) Add Contact Block There is no distinction. Good art and entertainment? Every word in that question is subjective except and. I love Beethoven, Bela Fleck, Led Zeppelin, and Ani Difranco. You may love Schoenberg and Eminem. We both think that our selections are good art and entertaining. But then I say I respect Schoenberg, I just dont find his music enjoyable to listen to And you say the same about Ani. Good art was not always meant to appeal to the masses. There are and always have been artistic snobs who feel that the common people cannot appreciate their work. It is a complex question that has no definite answer, but it got me thinking...thank you. 7 years ago Report Abuse 20% 1 Vote 1 person rated this as good  by mj2006 Member since: May 18, 2006 Total points: 818 (Level 2) Add Contact Block I think that art will entertain forever, while entertainment is for the moment. 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by enginey9... Member since: May 19, 2006 Total points: 491 (Level 2) Add Contact Block Art: The Godfather Entertainment: Nacho Libre 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by kelly n Member since: June 26, 2006 Total points: 112 (Level 1) Add Contact Block yes they both produce a satisfying experience but art iz like a big bag full of secrets or hidden meanings that are awaiting to be resolved for example paintings such as monalisa 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 2 people rated this as good  by Superada... Member since: June 28, 2006 Total points: 145 (Level 1) Add Contact Block Art can be studied, but Entertainment can be studied as well. You can even have a passion or a talent for Entertainment, as in Art. The big difference between the two is purpose. In Art, whether it is Painting, Sculpture, Music, Theatre, or even Film (not to mention the many other Art forms in the world), it is created for the individual that created it. Sometimes Art is created during a learning process, sometimes as an expression of feeling, and other times, just to prove it can be done. In Entertainment, which includes pretty much all of the performing arts in addition to Sports and Television, it is created expressly for the enjoyment of others. No matter what form it takes, it is defined as Entertainment when it is enjoyed in one way or another by other people. So I guess the difference is really in who is enjoying it. If only the creator and maybe a select few others are enjoying it, then it is Art. If it is enjoyed by many, it is Entertainment. And if it is enjoyed by many and the creator with his select few others, it is Arts Entertainment. 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by tngeprce... Member since: June 28, 2006 Total points: 249 (Level 1) Add Contact Block though art can be entertaining, and entertainment art... i think the big difference is passion. with art, its usually a painstaking process to get a vision out... such as with writing a song, painting a painting or writing a poem... but with entertainment... its just the way its presented... but ultimately.. ive have to say its in the eye of the beholder. 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by double v Member since: June 13, 2006 Total points: 6,348 (Level 5) Add Contact Block perception 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 1 person rated this as good  by laserani... Member since: June 27, 2006 Total points: 140 (Level 1) Add Contact Block You already answered it: Your perception. If it looks like art to you, then it is art. If you are entertained by it, its entertainment. If you find it artistic and entertaining, then is it not both? 7 years ago Report Abuse 0% 0 Votes 2 people rated this as good Discover Questions in Performing Arts I cant play both hands? What does it mean when ur hand and lips start tingling when u sing? How do I control Pianist Performance Anxiety? Wrist stretches for guitar playing? Ready to Participate? Get Started! Trending Now 1 Russia warns U.S. 2 Jessica Biel 3 Monica Bellucci 4 Twerking 5 McDonald's wings 6 Destroyers Syria 7 Phoenix haboob 8 African serval cat 9 2014 Toyota Corolla 10 Into the Wild  Related Questions What was the entertainment in the 1930s? What is the first step in becomming a performer in the… After school arts, activity and drama clubs: What type of… what are the 7 arts? Ways to get kicked out off a Performing Arts school? Categories All Categories Arts  Humanities Books  Authors Dancing Genealogy History Other - Arts  Humanities Performing Arts Philosophy Poetry Theater  Acting Visual Arts Who found this interesting? Eric, MA Answers International Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Italy Japan Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Philippines Quebec Singapore South Korea Spain Taiwan Thailand United Kingdom United States Vietnam en Español Yahoo! does not evaluate or guarantee the accuracy of any Yahoo! Answers content. Click here for the Full Disclaimer. Help us improve Yahoo! Answers. Send Feedback Copyright © 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright/IP Policy - Privacy Policy - About Our Ads - Terms of Service - Community Guidelines - Safety Tips 