  DMV Answers  DMV Answers is the simplest way to find the automotive answers you need to get back on the road. in Choose your state... Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington DC West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Search Advanced search  Vehicle Tax Enter your Zip Code below to get a Free Quote. We suggest getting quotes from multiple companies to ensure you get the best rate. There is no obligation to purchase.  You could save 15% or more 24 hour claims service Get a FREE instant quote, today! Home  Buying and Selling  Buying a New or Used Car  Understand the different types of vehicle tax that go along with the purchase of a new or used car, truck or other vehicle. Vehicle Tax Categories No categories have been created. Vehicle Tax Answers There were 13 articles found in this category: How can I calculate sales tax on used cars? Your first step would be to just to find out the applicable sales tax rate. This can be tricky. Not only do you need to be aware of the state sales tax, but the local tax, as well. And, local taxes vary by town, and even school district. The sales tax on used cars is based on the seller's locati ... Do I need to file a personal property tax for my vehicle every year? This is a state-by-state issue. You'll need to contact your local DMV office for information regarding annually paying personal property tax for your vehicle. You can do this by calling, or visiting your state's DMV Web site and looking under vehicle registration. Other states may only charge y ... Is new car sales tax the same rate as regular sales tax? It can be, but it depends on where you live. Many states charge the same percentage tax rate for a new car as you would pay for a sweater purchased at a local store. But, some states throw in surcharges or excise taxes on new car purchases in addition to the customary sales tax. And, of course, ... Does auto sales tax vary by location? It sure does. And, not only does the auto sales tax differ depending on your home state, but it can vary according to where you live within the state. That's because county and municipality taxes come into play, too. While these taxes are fairly small in terms of percentages, they can make a mea ... If I buy an out of state car which states sales tax is applicable? You will pay the sales tax based on wherever the car was bought. So, for example, if you live in Ohio but buy your car in Pennsylvania, you will pay the Pennsylvania sales tax rate. This applies to both new car and used car purchases. However, here's where it gets tricky. Depending on where you ... Is the new car sales tax rate the same across all states? No, the sales tax differs by state. In fact, even within a state, the tax rate varies. Thats because county and city taxes come into play, too. However, the new car sales tax rate doesnt have to be a mystery  even if youre buying a car from an out-of-state dealer. Jus ... Where do I go to pay the used car sales tax? If you buy from a dealer, you will pay the dealer. But if you buy from an individual, you will pay a used car sales tax during titling and registering. Depending on your state, this will be handled by one of the following: Your DMV office and/or any licensed substation Your town clerk Your coun ... Is anyone exempt from paying vehicle tax? Yes, some people are exempt from paying vehicle tax. It depends on the state and the situation. Some states, like Washington, are currently offering exemptions on the Motor Vehicle Sales/Use Tax on new hybrid, electric, or alternative energy cars until January 1, 2011. Certain federal governmen ... Do I still get a car tax break if I buy a hybrid? You can get a federal tax break on certain hybrid models until December 31, 2010. The sales tax credit varies depending on the model, but can be as high as $3,400. However, don't expect to get that much. Once a manufacturer sells a designated amount of hybrid vehicles, the tax credit begins to d ... I need to calculate car sales tax. Price is not the main factor in determining used car sales tax. Instead, it's your state or county of residence. Tax rates generally differ from county to county. For instance, a resident of Erie County, in western New York, pays an 8.75 percent sales tax rate, while across the state, in Saratog ... What is the new car tag title tax in my state? The grid below outlines the new car use and sales tax for each state. Before you jump in, note that the method used to determine your sales tax varies from state to state. Most often, youll pay a percentage of the new cars price; however, some states  and even the towns, cit ... How much will it cost me to pay excise tax on my vehicle? Most vehicles are assessed an excise tax based on purchase price. Each state, however, applies its own percentage rate on which to base the tax amount. In Maryland, for instance, the excise tax is based on 6% of the vehicle's purchase price. Whereas in Oklahoma the amount is also based on the pu ... If I buy a used car, do I have to pay vehicle tax? Most likely. Most states require residents to pay vehicle tax during the titling and/or registration process of a newly purchased used car. The sales tax is generally a percentage of either the purchase price or the value of the vehicle. West Virginia, for example, requires 5% of the purchase pr ...  Share | RSS Feed Link to This Page Copy  Paste the following HTML to your page: Vehicle Tax Close Link to our Site Copy  Paste the following HTML to your page: DMVAnswers.com Close Sponsored Listings Top Categories Drivers License (1746) Find answers on applying for a new drivers license, renewing, replacing or reinstating an existing drivers license and more. Teens, commercial drivers and motorcyclists will also get the info they nee... New Renewal Duplicate Education Practice Tests Drivers Manual Driver License Status (18) Your Drivers License Status can Change For Many Reasons, Find out How to Check The Status Identification (49) Find out more on forms of identification such as ID cards, passports and more. ID Cards Registration (699) Learn how to register cars, boats and more. Get info on registration renewals, license plates and smog check requirements. First Time Registration Registration Renewal Duplicate Registration Smog and Emissions Vehicle Inspection License Plates Title (280) Find info on vehicles titles, title transfers and duplicate titles. Title Transfer Lost Title Duplicate Title Title Search Salvage Title Mobile Home Title Buying and Selling (147) Whether buying or selling a new or used car, find out all you need to know to make the best auto deal. Buying a New or Used Car Auto Sales Forms Car Donation and Gifts Dealers And Salesperson Insurance (227) Learn more about state insurance requirements and how to save money on auto insurance. Insurance 101 Insured Drivers Shop Online Types of Insurance Coverage Insurance Requirements Auto Insurance And SR 22 Auto Insurance Claims Reports and Records (323) Discover how to obtain personal and vehicle records--everything from background checks to vehicle history reports. Police Reports Personal Records Vehicle Records Tickets Fines Citations (52) Get more info on how to handle a number of violations that result in tickets, fines and citations. Traffic Tickets Parking Tickets Points Warrants Laws and Legal Info (290) Get more on the latest laws and attorneys in your area. Personal Injury Lemon Law DUI and DWI Traffic and Safety Laws Vehicle Code DMV Locations and Hours (21) Find the nearest DMV location and obtain info on office hours, closures and holidays. Relocation (3) Cover your bases when you move, updating the state motor vehicle agency with your change of address. Related Searches Vehicle Tax Car Tax Sales Tax Used Car Sales Tax Vehicle Registration Cost Bill Of Sale Vehicle Title Registration Vehicle Registration Car Registration Title Vehicle License Registration Vehicle Registration Number Share | RSS Feed Link to This Page Copy  Paste the following HTML to your page: Vehicle Tax Close Link to our Site Copy  Paste the following HTML to your page: DMVAnswers.com Close Most Popular Searches more Check Drivers License Status License Plates Check If License Is Suspended Drivers License Enhanced Drivers License Drivers License Status Driving Test Out Of State License Suspended License Renew Drivers License Hardship License State Id Road Test License Status Driver License Check Driver License Online Appointment Vehicle License Registration Learners Permit Phone Number DMVAnswers.com (the Site) is a privately owned, for-profit Web site owned by OnlineGURU, Inc. The Site specifically disclaims any and all connection with any state bureau, division, or Department of Motor Vehicles, or any state or federal government agency. DMVAnswers.com does its best to get the correct information but does not claim responsibility for the accuracy of the information displayed herein. It is not complete or certified information. The information provided on DMVAnswers.com is not legal advice, DMVAnswers.com is not a lawyer referral service, and no attorney-client or confidential relationship is or should be formed by use of the site. Additionally, the Site expressly disclaims any and all liability for third party links or resources on the Site and any claims of negligence arising from same. For official information, please consult your state motor vehicle department.  2013, DMVAnswers.com. All Rights Reserved OnlineGURU Inc. Home Search Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy 