   AboutShare Delicious Digg Facebook Google MySpace StumbleUpon Twitter Yahoo  Find answers to your questions here!   Summer Camps 2013 Clubs & Community Groups Concerts - The FRED Amphitheater Golf - Braelinn, Flat Creek, & Planterra Tennis - Peachtree City Tennis Center Recreation & Special Events Peachtree City Library Dining Entertainment and The Arts Things to Do in PTC Area Attractions Events Calendar   Home  Activities > Entertainment and The Arts  Entertainment and The Arts Something For Everyone Peachtree City and the surrounding areas have a plethora of emerging and enduring cultural groups. From poetry readings to foreign films, look no further than the Peachtree City Library . The Library hosts monthly book clubs, a thriving poetry group and an international film group. If you are looking for some of the best rising artwork in the area, the library also houses several collections of art throughout the year. Performing Arts If performing arts are more your style, Peachtree City is home to several local theater troupes, dance groups, music performances of all kinds and more. If youve never been to the Frederick Brown, Jr. Amphitheater (also known as The Fred), youll be in for a treat. The over 2,000 seat outdoor venue hosts a variety of headliner entertainers from the worlds of pop music, rock n roll, Motown, country and Las Vegas style entertainment. How many places do you know that can say Wayne Newton, Ray Charles, Styx, the Doobie Brothers, Foreigner, Charlie Daniels, Hall and Oates, the Beach Boys, and Debbie Reynolds (just to name a few) all played here? Night Life If you are looking for a night out on the town, its a quick taxi or limousine ride to the world famous Fox Theatre, the High Museum of Art, the Atlanta Botanical Garden, the Alliance Theater and all the excitement of Atlanta! A little closer to home in nearby Newnan, Fairburn and Tyrone, smaller theaters are also blooming. As the City does not have a complete listing of all local productions, we recommend checking the local newspapers and bulletin boards at area shopping centers for a complete schedule of arts and entertainment events in the area. Web links to local programs (the City of Peachtree City provides these links for information purposes and does not warrant the accuracy, appropriateness or timeliness of any of the following links, nor does the City endorse any specific entity or group): The Centre for the Performing  Visual Arts - located in Newnan, Georgia Compass Dance Acadamy - located in Tyrone, Georgia Dance Contempra Evolving Pointe Ensemble - Peachtree City baseddance group and studio, providing community outreach and other peformances throughout the year. Drake School ofIrish Dance - Peachtree City studios- Traditional Irish Step Dance ECCA  Endowment Committee for the Cultural Arts of Fayette County, non-profit group dedicated to enhancements to visual and performing arts in Fayette County. Fayette Coweta Family Theatre, Inc. Fayette Family YMCA Georgia Academy of Dance  the Performing Arts -professional instruction in dance and music,beginner- professional. Georgia Dance Theatre consists of apprentice to professional dancers. Legacy Theater - located in Tyrone, Georgia Newnan Community Theater Company - located in downtown Newnan, Georgia Peachtree Arts Academy, Inc. -offers lessons in art, creative writing, voice and a variety of instruments Peachtree Wind Ensemble - a Southern Crescent Community Band Twilight Theatre  performs several times annually in venues around Peachtree City, especially at The Fred. The Villages Amphitheater - located in Fayetteville, Georgia If you would like to request that your local arts and entertainment program be listed, please contact us.  Home Accessibility Calendar Jobs Bids Contact Us Archives Copyright Notices Sitemap Powered by CivicPlus Peachtree City GA • 151 Willowbend Rd • Peachtree City, GA 30269 • Ph: 770-487-7657 Live Edit Close Close window 