   My Online Account Buy Tickets Join Our Mailing List Performances Season Guide Patron Services Box Office Ticket Discounts Catwalk Lounge Before the Show Accessibility Terms & Conditions Scottsdale Arts Festival General Information Artist Information Online Art Auction Sponsorship Entertainment Interactive Art Projects Gourmet Food Trucks Imagine Nation Interactive Kids Area Become a Volunteer Special Events ARTrageous Brazilian Day Discovery Series La Gran Fiesta Native Trails OrigiNation Sunday A'Fair Education  Outreach Education Programs Arts-Connect Events Community Outreach Events for Children & Families How You Can Help Membership  Giving Become a Member Now Circles of Giving Honoring Our Donors Reciprocal Museum Partners Contact Membership Department About Us Contact Us Connect With Your Center Theater Locations The Store News Staff List Seating Chart Board of Directors Technical Specifications Opportunities Employment Volunteer Internships SMoCA Events Rental Events Community Events Rent the Center Weddings and Receptions Corporate Partners Become a Corporate Partner Current Corporate Partners Employee Discounts Testimonials Patron Services Box Office 480-499-TKTS (8587) Monday - Saturday, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sunday, noon - 5 p.m. NEW 201314 Season on Sale Now  spotlight world-renowned artists who entertain and inspire country  folk music songs from the heartland broadway the stars of the great white way up close and personal theater & film the imagination, drama and unpredictability of the stage dance grace, power and beauty in motion discovery brazil an exhilarating exploration of music, dance and art from brazil jazz the never-ending innovation andevolution of americas music world music an unexpected journey off the beaten path classical music timeless masterpieces that touch the heart and enrich the mind family time fun and engaging experiences for all ages comedy  satire witty minds who make you laugh out loud holiday the joy of the season shared with friends and family  NEW  We offer a range of ticket prices for every budget. NEW  Arrive early and elevate your Center experience! NEW  View the 201314 season guide online now. Requires Flash. NEW  Request a free 201314 season guide with details about our events. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on YouTube Read our news releases  Print This Page Email This Page  View Mobile Site Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts, Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art and Scottsdale Public Art are divisions of the Scottsdale Cultural Council. Copyright 2013 Scottsdale Cultural Council - All rightsreserved. Scottsdale Cultural Council | Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art | Scottsdale Public Art User Agreement | PrivacyPolicy 