 EW on Facebook EW on Twitter EW on Tumblr EW on Instagram EW on Pinterest EW on Google+ Entertainment Weekly Entertainment Weekly TV Movies Music Books Style Family CapeTown Subscribe Search Movie Guide TV Recaps New Hollywood Summer Must List All-Time Greatest Stage Blogs PopWatch The Family Room PopStyle Inside TV Inside Movies The Music Mix Shelf Life News Briefs See all blogs Inside Movies Sundance: Elizabeth Olsen is a total star in the super-sharp college comedy 'Liberal Arts.' Plus, Frank Langella makes 'Robot and Frank' delectable fluff By Owen Gleiberman on Jan 26, 2012 at 11:39AM Image Credit: Jacob Hutchings  Shareon Tumblr Comments + Elizabeth Olsen, who was last years Sundance It Girl, deserved the terrific reviews she got for Martha Marcy May Marlene . But since the character she was playing was such a spacy languid cult baby, a young woman whod smudged out her identity and was trying to get it back, the movie still left me wondering: Did Olsen, skillful as she was, have much of a personality? Was she really a star? If, like me, you werent sure, then the college comedy Liberal Arts answers the question: She is every inch a star. This dryly affectionate and super-sharp movie was written and directed by its leading man, Josh Radnor, who is like Paul Rudds puppyish kid brother and who has cast himself as Jesse, a menschy, bearded 35-year-old admissions counselor in New York City who returns to his leafy, idyllic Midwestern liberal-arts college to help honor his favorite English professor (Richard Jenkins), whos retiring. During the weekend, which Jesse spends reveling in wistful lit-major memories, he meets Zibby (Olsen), a precocious 19-year-old sophomore, and the sparks fly. I almost didnt say precocious, because in movies, that창s inevitably a code word for someone so snarky and glib and wiser than her years that shes the kind of character who exists only in movies. You could say that thats Zibby, except that Olsen, perky but moody, apple-cheeked and intellectually avid, made me believe everything she was saying. She doesnt just recite her lines  she owns them. She turns being wiser than her years into a wittily authentic generational condition. Jesse, who used to be the new generation but is learning that in this culture that makes you old fast, has a touch of melancholy and a sheepish, easy way with women. Hes a reasonably well-adjusted dude, with nothing terribly wrong in his life, but after a dozen years in the real world, he misses the romance of college, that budding bloom of possibility, that belief that literature can matter so much. Radnor, whos made one other film, Happythankyoumoreplease (it took the 2010 Sundance Audience Award, though I never got to see it), and is best known as the star of How I Met Your Mother , is that rare thing: a writer-director who thinks like an actor but still knows how to create a comedy with shape and vision. Liberal Arts is the best movie about college Ive seen since I don창t know what. Radnor nails the castle-in-the-air mood of privileged dislocation, and he comes up with fluky, spot-on campus types, from Jenkins majestically rumpled and cynical prof (he wears the ugliest shirts in the world and thinks, quite touchingly, that theyre cool) to Zac Efron as a mystic-hippie stoner in a wool cap (Efron, tossing away his teen-idol persona, is hilarious) to John Magoro as Dean, a brilliant, troubled bookworm who cant find an entry point into life on the quadrangle. At a coffee shop, he and Jesse strike up a conversation about David Foster Wallaces Infinite Jest , yet the title and the author are never mentioned, which lends the conversation a playful, lifelike intimacy that lures us in. Radnor isnt doing a literary name-drop; hes really out to capture how when youre in college a book like that, and talking about a book like that, can change your life. Later, Jesse and Zibby have more book banter, though in this case theyre arguing about the Twilight series, a light disagreement that turns into their first fight, and its a brilliantly written scene, like one of Tarantinos pop-obsessive debates given surprise emotional resonance. What does the movie make of these two as a couple? It presents their connection as casual yet engulfing, with Jesse, the older dude, sparked not just by Zibbys youthful erotic radiance but by the discovery that, deep down, shes a fellow old soul, and Zibby, bored with the passive young men of the girl-power era, looking to fall for someone who upends her expectations. Olsen brings the role an elegant sensuality  shes like Vera Farmiga crossed with the young Faye Dunaway. Jesse and Zibby write letters to each other in longhand (in homage to the lovers of an earlier era), and they get along swimmingly until the moment arrives to sleep together. At that point, Radnor proves to be such an honorable filmmaker that he may be a little too conservative for his own good. Liberal Arts is a bit soft. It needs every wild card it has, like Allison Janneys performance as a sexy, hard-bitten, whiskey-swilling professor of British romantic poetry. The movie is about becoming an adult, which it recognizes to be a rite of passage that now takes place, for so many of us, way after college, with undergraduate life, at least if youre a liberal-arts major, as the fabulous playpen youve got to crawl out of. * * * * Image Credit: Film Images Robot  Frank is the rare Sundance crowd-pleaser I genuinely liked. Its sentimental high-concept fluff that works. The movie, set in a not-so-distant future (which looks a lot like the present except that there are funny cars and robots), stars Frank Langella, who is such a fantastic actor that he couldnt hit a false note in a Windex commercial. He plays a lonely old man named Frank who is losing his memory and spends most of his time puttering around his cozy, messy home in the historic Hudson River town of Cold Spring, New York. Frank is depressed, but hes also a former cat burglar  he served years in prison  who hasnt lost his wily, amoral spirit. When his adult son (James Marsden), who cant take care of him, buys him a robot housekeeper, hes annoyed at first, but then he makes the droid his assistant and comrade, using him as a partner on late-night burglaries. The robot looks like a sleek retro version of a space-age contraption from the 1960s, and he sounds a lot like HAL from 2001: A Space Odyssey (it wasnt until the closing credits that I learned it was the voice of Peter Sarsgaard). Yet the smartest thing that the director, Jake Schreier, did was to not make him adorably anthropomorphic. The robot doesnt start to say cute and witty things, or to develop a personality  he really is a machine, programmed in every response. Because hes so fluent and cooperative, though, he still starts to feel like hes got a personality to Frank. These two become friends because neither of them is quite connected to anyone else. Langella brings the film a gruff magic, giving Frank glints of anger and despair that dry out what might have been a tritely annoying buddy movie. Robot  Frank really is a trifle; it putters along, sort of like Frank. Yet it also delighted and touched me. Watch Owen discuss these and other notable Sundance flicks with movies reporter Adam B. Vary Follow Owen on Twitter: @OwenGleiberman Shareon Tumblr Comments + Tags: Elizabeth Olsen Frank Langella Josh Radnor Liberal Arts Robot  Frank  Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Latest News Miley Cyrus at MTV VMAs: Loved it/loathed it Miley Cyrus: So, what now? 'Survivor': Jeff Probst explains 'Day Zero' Joss Whedon: Why Loki's not in 'Avengers 2' Fall music preview: 22 hot albums Fall Music Preview: 22 tours/fests we want to see 'Hunger Games: Mockingjay': Meet Messalla MTV VMAs 2013: Grading the performances Photos Fall music preview: 22 hot albums Fall Music Preview: 22 tours/fests we want to see  MTV VMAs 2013: Grading the performances  MTV VMAs 2013: Best/worst style  47 unforgettable nude scenes  Fall movies we can't wait to see  George Harbors His Feelings Find Movies and Showtimes Choose Your Movie All movies  Enter your location Most Commented Ben Affleck is the new Batman 1006 Surprise! The Parents Television Council isn't happy with Miley Cyrus performance 648 Singer Linda Ronstadt has Parkinson's Disease 636 He Didn't Start The Fire ...Yet 458 Wentworth Miller comes out - declines invitation to Russian film fest 429 Top 5 Most Read Lynda Carter spins into 'Two and a Half Men' -- EXCLUSIVE Joshua Jackson commits to 'The Affair' for Showtime Bill Murray: The Curious Case of Hollywoods White Whale 'Breaking Bad' recap: He Didn't Start The Fire... Yet MTV VMAs 2013: Grading the Performances Also Check Out Huffington Post Selena Gomez Rocks Short, Lacy Dress What Robin Thickes Family Thought About Miley Cyrus Raunchy Act Justin Timberlakes Letter To Fans More from Huffington Post People VIDEO: Mama June Busts a Move, Gets Her 'Drink On' at Bachelorette Party Demi Lovato Will Romance Naya Rivera on Glee Emily Maynard: 'I'm Under No Pressure to Find a Guy' More from People.com TV Recaps Mon, Aug 26 | AMC Breaking Bad By Denise Warner Comments + Mon, Aug 26 | Showtime Dexter By James Hibberd Comments + Fri, Aug 23 | Lifetime Project Runway By Jacqueline Andriakos Comments + Fri, Aug 23 | CBS Big Brother By Darren Franich Comments + Thu, Aug 22 | CBS Big Brother By Darren Franich Comments + Wed, Aug 21 | Fox So You Think You Can Dance By Annie Barrett Comments + Movie Calendar May 3 Arthur Newman Greetings from Tim Buckley Iron Man 3 Love Is All You Need May 10 The Great Gatsby Peeples May 17 Aftershock Black Rock Frances Ha Star Trek Into Darkness May 24 Before Midnight Epic Fast & Furious 6 The Hangover III May 31 After Earth The East Now You See Me What Maisie Knew June 7 The Internship Much Ado About Nothing Rapturepalooza Violet & Daisy June 14 Bling Ring Man of Steel This Is the End Twenty Feet from Stardom June 21 Monsters University World War Z June 28 Byzantium The Heat I'm So Excited White House Down July 5 Despicable Me 2 Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain Lone Ranger The Way Way Back July 12 Grown Ups 2 Lovelace Pacific Rim July 19 The Conjuring Girl Most Likely Red 2 RIPD Turbo July 25 The To Do List July 26 Blue Jasmine Fruitvale Station The Wolverine July 31 The Smurfs 2 August 2 The Spectacular Now August 9 Elysium Only God Forgives Planes Prince Avalanche We're the Millers August 16 2 Guns Ain't Them Bodies Saints Austenland Kick-Ass 2 Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters August 21 The Mortal Instruments August 23 World's End You're Next August 30 Getaway Insidious Chapter 2 One Direction: This is Us * Dates subject to change Back to top  Powered by WordPress.com VIP More from our Partners Sasha Grey, Author Olbermanns Hilarious Return to ESPN2 Breaking Bad for Obamacare Elisabeth Mosss Other Star Turn Miley's VMA Performance: Racist!? Bryan Cranston As Lex Luthor, Madonna Tops Highest Paid Celebs List What Happened to Miley Cyrus? More from TheDailyBeast.com Katherine Jackson: Paris Is Now 'In a Good Place' with Treatment Miranda Kerr Channels Italian Porn Star in New Photo Shoot Matthew McConaughey Shines in Dallas Buyers Club Trailer Demi Lovato Will Romance Naya Rivera on Glee Fred Stobaugh, 96, Writes Heartbreaking Love Song for His Late Wife of 73 Years Busy Philipps Is 'Way More Relaxed' with Baby No. 2 Angelina Jolie Is 'Doing Good'  Ready to Direct, Says Jon Voight More from People.com Selena Gomez Rocks Short, Lacy Dress What Robin Thickes Family Thought About Miley Cyrus Raunchy Act Justin Timberlakes Letter To Fans Hes Been Working On The Same Movie For The Past 11 Years Bikinid LeAnn Rimes Celebrates Her Birthday *NSYNC Reportedly Upset With Justin Timberlake Rihannas Priceless Reaction To Spilling Popcorn More from HuffingtonPost.com Advertisement Get Instant Access to this Week's Issue! Entertainment Weekly is Available: In This Week's Issue A revealing interview with geek god Joss Whedon plus a sneak peek at S.H.I.E.L.D. Fall Music Preview: Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, and all the must-hear albums The (Fantasy) Oscar Race Begins: Meryl vs. Oprah!?! Julia vs. Sandra!?! It could happen... Choose an Option Below for Instant Access Subscribe to EW Digital Edition included. Learn more. Get the Digital Edition Click for full list of compatible devices . Entertainment Weekly In partnership with CNN Copyright  2013 Entertainment Weekly Inc. All rights reserved. Contact Us Staff Jobs at Time Inc. Advertise Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Terms of Service Subscribe Give a Gift Site Map  Books Home Shelf Life Book Trailers Best-Sellers 'Star Wars: Kenobi': Book excerpt  Susan Ee's 'Angelfall' sequel excerpt  J.D. Salinger: 5 books to come? Book News Read an exclusive excerpt from Laurie Halse Anderson's newest YA novel Listen and read along with an excerpt from 'Star Wars: Kenobi' See the cover and read an excerpt from Susan Ee's 'Angelfall' sequel -- EXCLUSIVE Five new J.D. Salinger books will be published by 2020, claim authors Trailer for Pittacus Lore's 'The Fall of Five' Book Reviews The Returned B+ Jason Mott The Affairs Of Others A- Amy Grace Loyd Two Boys Kissing A- David Levithan Early Decision B+ Lacy Crawford  CapeTown Home Movies TV Comics Games 'X-Men' pic: '70s-era Professor X  J.J. Abrams' 'Stranger': 5 theories  'Fantastic Four' and 'X-Men' crossover in the works? Family Home Reviews Lists Movies TV Books Games Blog 'Pretty Little Liars' react  'Degrassi' season finale: Sneak peek  Kid President meets Beyonce Family News Zoinks! Warner Bros. developing animated 'Scooby-Doo' film Amazon greenlights children's pilot for 'Maker Shack Agency' 'Swindle': Jennette McCurdy, Ariana Grande movie has tweens buzzing 'Pretty Little Liars' react: Cowboys and 'A' Family Reviews Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters B- Planes B Turbo B Despicable Me 2 C Monsters University A- Movies Home Movie  DVD Guide Reviews Calendar News Box Office 'Mockingjay' finds its Annie  'Tomorrowland': A few new hints  'Butler' is No. 1 movie: 17M Movie News 'Dallas Buyers Club' trailer: Matthew McConaughey's McConaissance continues Joss Whedon on killing an Avenger and why Loki's not in sequel 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay': Messalla cast TIFF: Joel Edgerton, Tom Wilkinson star in 'Felony' Movie Reviews The World's End B+ The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones B- You're Next B+ Planes B Drinking Buddies B+  Music Home Reviews News Katy Perry at VMAs: Your scorecard?  NSYNC reunites at MTV VMAs  MTV VMAs 2013 winners list Music News Miley Cyrus triumphed at the VMAs -- but where does she go from here? Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: A Loved It/Loathed It debate Post VMAs sales spikes: Justin Timberlake and NSYNC top the list Eminem's new single 'Berzerk': Hear it here! Lance Bass says no NSYNC reunion tour planned Music Reviews Big Sean Big Sean A- The Civil Wars The Civil Wars B+ Robin Thicke Blurred Lines C+ Jay-Z, Justin Timberlake Jay Z and Justin Timberlake B+  Style Home Behind the Scenes Red Carpet Hair & Makeup Guys Blog Stars' grills: Like their taste?  5 MTV VMAs looks: Trendy or trashy?  MTV VMAs 2013: Style report card TV Home Recaps What to Watch TV Listings News Lynda Carter + 'Two and a Half Men'  VMAs: 10 things we didn't see on TV  'Game of Thrones' in EW Writers' Room Hot Shows American Idol Arrow The Bachelorette The Celebrity Apprentice Dallas Dancing With the Stars Doctor Who Game of Thrones Glee The Good Wife Grey's Anatomy House of Cards The Killing Mad Men Once Upon a Time The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Revenge Revolution Scandal So You Think You Can Dance Survivor True Blood Under the Dome The Vampire Diaries The Voice The Walking Dead   