  Home About Us Box Office Seating Chart Maps/Driving Directions Facility Rentals Technical Specifications Contact Us Attractions and Entertainment News Events Media Photos Videos Arts Education Info Individual Instruction 2009 Partner In Education 2010 Government In Arts Award Art Workshop Billie Jean Osbornes Kentucky Opry Billie Jean Osbornes Kentucky Opry Info Billie Jean Osborne’s Kentucky Opry Jr. Pros FRONT PORCH PICKIN Friday nights this Summer at 7 pm Billie Jean Osbornes Ky Opry Summer 2013  Welcome to the Mountain Arts Center In October of 1996, the MAC hosted its grand opening and the music and cultural fabric of Eastern Kentucky has not been the same since. This beautiful facility houses a 1,054 seat theatre, meeting rooms, a commercial recording studio, an art gallery, an arts education room, and several individual instruction practice rooms. The MAC is located within a stone’s throw of the US 23 Country Music Highway which is certainly appropriate. Our state-of-the-art venue plays host to national headlining acts from a wide range of musical genres – bluegrass, gospel, rock, and of course country – including many of Eastern Kentucky’s favorite sons and daughters such as Loretta Lynn, Billy Ray Cyrus, Patty Loveless, Ricky Skaggs, and Dwight Yoakam. What’s more, the MAC is home to the Billie Jean Osborne’s Kentucky Opry and the Kentucky Opry Jr. Pros. The Kentucky Opry with 10 adult members presents a variety of country, bluegrass, oldies, pop, and gospel favorites on the largest stage east of the Mississippi River. They are joined by the antics of their very own comedian “Munroe”. His mountain humor is sure to keep you laughing! Each Kentucky Opry show includes an opening act by the Kentucky Opry Fiddlers and Jr. Pros; a group of talented young artists ranging in age from 6-16 who perform a variety of music. In addition, the MAC’s Arts Education Department provides classroom instruction in music, art, dance, photography, and drama as well as individual instruction in piano, voice, violin/fiddle, guitar, banjo, mandolin, and visual arts. Come on in and enjoy the best family entertainment this side of the Mississippi! Latest News Featured Artist in the Gallery May 25th, 2013 August Featured Artist in the Gallery: Voice and Visions of Women of the Mountains Illustrations  Photography: Sheila Williams-Allen  Barbara Price-Stacy Editor: Fannie Madden-Grider ... Read more Latest Photos  Billie Jean Osbornes K... Billie Jean Osbornes K...  Upcoming Events 31 Aug Billie Jean Osbornes... Buy Tickets 14 Sep LYRICK TALENT QUEST Buy Tickets 15 Sep DISCIPLE Buy Tickets 28 Sep JASON CRABB Buy Tickets 26 Oct HALLOFEST  Cheer ... Buy Tickets 03 May Dr. Ralph Stanley  Th... Buy Tickets Our Sponsors  Attractions and Entertainment East Kentucky Science Center Jenny Wiley State Resort Park Jenny Wiley Theatre StoneCrest Golf Course 201 Speedway Hillbilly Armdrop Drag Races Photos      MAC on Facebook Floyd County 4H State Fair Projects 12 new photos 2 hours ago 2013Mountain Arts Center. All Rights Reserved.Site designed by James Howard. 