 Its a library at your fingertips. About NC LIVE | Newsroom | For Library Staff Browse A-Z Browse All Books  Literature Business  Management Career, Jobs  Test Preparation Current Issues Genealogy  Historical Maps Health  Wellness History  Biography Journals, Magazines,  Newspapers Nursing  Allied Health Psychology View All Categories Search Need Help? Books  Literature View Full List Title Recommended ABC-CLIO E-book Collection History & literature eBooks, including the series Daily Life, Critical Companions, Literature in Context, as well as American Slavery: A Composite Autobiography. African-American Poetry Poems from 1750-1900 including Lucy Terry Prince, Phillis Wheatley, Jupiter Hammon, Paul Laurence Dunbar, and more. American Poetry Find poems written from 1650-1920. Includes Anne Bradstreet, Emily Dickinson, Edgar Allan Poe, Phillis Wheatley, Walt Whitman and Herman Melville. eBooks on EBSCOhost Over 26,000 fiction, reference, scholarly, and professional books online. English Poetry Find poems written from 600 to 1900 including Thomas Percy, Walter Scott, Robert Dodsley, Francis Turner Palgrave, and more. Faber Poetry Library Find poems written by modern poets such as Wendy Cope, T. S. Eliot, Thom Gunn, Seamus Heaney, Ted Hughes, Tom Paulin, Sylvia Plath and more. Literary Reference Center Plus Articles and criticisms, including biographies, interviews, novels, short stories, poems, peer-reviewed articles, and literary magazines. MyiLibrary Online books on a variety of topics including art, language learning, medical, health, history, and more. NC LIVE Video Collection Online videos from PBS including Ken Burns documentaries, Masterpiece Theater, Scientific American, American Experience, and more. NoveList Plus Readers' advisory service for fiction and non-fiction. Searchable by author, title, series name, subject, and plot. Includes author read-alikes and lists of award-winners. OAIster Catalog of digital books, articles, audiofiles, images, and more. One Click Audio Downloadable audio books on a variety of topics, including language learning, history, biography, classic literature, and more. Compatible with most iPods and WMA compatible MP3 players. Open Library A downloadable eBook collection with books contributed from libraries across the country. Create a username and password to borrow up to five books at a time. Twentieth Century African-American Poetry 62 of the most important African-American poets of the last century: Langston Hughes, Jean Toomer, Imamu Amiri Baraka, Audre Lorde and Rita Dove. Twentieth Century American Poetry A database of modern and contemporary American poetry from the early twentieth century to the present. Presently includes 36,000 poems drawn from 460 volumes by 217 poets. Twentieth-Century English Poetry Modernist poems (1900-1999): W.B. Yeats, Rudyard Kipling, Wilfred Owen, Robert Graves, A.E. Housman, D.H. Lawrence, Carol Ann Duffy, and more. WorldCat Catalog of books and other materials in libraries around the world. Articles Title Recommended Literary Reference Center Plus Articles and criticisms, including biographies, interviews, novels, short stories, poems, peer-reviewed articles, and literary magazines. OAIster Catalog of digital books, articles, audiofiles, images, and more. Audio Books Title Recommended One Click Audio Downloadable audio books on a variety of topics, including language learning, history, biography, classic literature, and more. Compatible with most iPods and WMA compatible MP3 players. Classics Title Recommended ABC-CLIO E-book Collection History & literature eBooks, including the series Daily Life, Critical Companions, Literature in Context, as well as American Slavery: A Composite Autobiography. eBooks on EBSCOhost Over 26,000 fiction, reference, scholarly, and professional books online. Literary Reference Center Plus Articles and criticisms, including biographies, interviews, novels, short stories, poems, peer-reviewed articles, and literary magazines. MyiLibrary Online books on a variety of topics including art, language learning, medical, health, history, and more. One Click Audio Downloadable audio books on a variety of topics, including language learning, history, biography, classic literature, and more. Compatible with most iPods and WMA compatible MP3 players. Open Library A downloadable eBook collection with books contributed from libraries across the country. Create a username and password to borrow up to five books at a time. Criticism Title Recommended ABC-CLIO E-book Collection History & literature eBooks, including the series Daily Life, Critical Companions, Literature in Context, as well as American Slavery: A Composite Autobiography. eBooks on EBSCOhost Over 26,000 fiction, reference, scholarly, and professional books online. Literary Reference Center Plus Articles and criticisms, including biographies, interviews, novels, short stories, poems, peer-reviewed articles, and literary magazines. eBooks Title Recommended ABC-CLIO E-book Collection History & literature eBooks, including the series Daily Life, Critical Companions, Literature in Context, as well as American Slavery: A Composite Autobiography. eBooks on EBSCOhost Over 26,000 fiction, reference, scholarly, and professional books online. Literary Reference Center Plus Articles and criticisms, including biographies, interviews, novels, short stories, poems, peer-reviewed articles, and literary magazines. MyiLibrary Online books on a variety of topics including art, language learning, medical, health, history, and more. OAIster Catalog of digital books, articles, audiofiles, images, and more. Open Library A downloadable eBook collection with books contributed from libraries across the country. Create a username and password to borrow up to five books at a time. WorldCat Catalog of books and other materials in libraries around the world. Poetry Title Recommended African-American Poetry Poems from 1750-1900 including Lucy Terry Prince, Phillis Wheatley, Jupiter Hammon, Paul Laurence Dunbar, and more. American Poetry Find poems written from 1650-1920. Includes Anne Bradstreet, Emily Dickinson, Edgar Allan Poe, Phillis Wheatley, Walt Whitman and Herman Melville. English Poetry Find poems written from 600 to 1900 including Thomas Percy, Walter Scott, Robert Dodsley, Francis Turner Palgrave, and more. Faber Poetry Library Find poems written by modern poets such as Wendy Cope, T. S. Eliot, Thom Gunn, Seamus Heaney, Ted Hughes, Tom Paulin, Sylvia Plath and more. Twentieth Century African-American Poetry 62 of the most important African-American poets of the last century: Langston Hughes, Jean Toomer, Imamu Amiri Baraka, Audre Lorde and Rita Dove. Twentieth Century American Poetry A database of modern and contemporary American poetry from the early twentieth century to the present. Presently includes 36,000 poems drawn from 460 volumes by 217 poets. Twentieth-Century English Poetry Modernist poems (1900-1999): W.B. Yeats, Rudyard Kipling, Wilfred Owen, Robert Graves, A.E. Housman, D.H. Lawrence, Carol Ann Duffy, and more. Videos Title Recommended NC LIVE Video Collection Online videos from PBS including Ken Burns documentaries, Masterpiece Theater, Scientific American, American Experience, and more.  Search Books  Literature  Search by Title Find a journal, magazine, or newspaper by title. Always Popular L iterary Reference Center Plus NoveList Plus Ebooks on EBSCO host  Search this site:  