  News Upcoming Releases Titles Buy UDON Books Contact RSS Feed DEVIL SURVIVOR: OFFICIAL MATERIAL COLLECTION  Now in stores! 14 Page Preview! August 26th, 2013 DEVIL SURVIVOR: OFFICIAL MATERIAL COLLECTION In seven days, Tokyo will fall. Demons have invaded the city, and unless a group of teenagers do something about it, fear and chaos will reign! Devil Survivor: Official Material Collection is the ultimate companion to the hit role playing game, a part of the popular Shin Megami Tensei series of games that also spawned the smash-hit Persona series! Although not quite as well known as Persona, the game series packs a wallop with a deep storyline and gorgeous, engaging artwork! Featuring character designs and illustrations by Suzuhito Yasuda, the designer of anime and manga series including  Durarara!!, Yozakura Quartet,  and even  Digimon World Re:Digitize!   Devil Survivor: Official Material Collection  is an amazing and expansive book. It includes character designs, promotional artwork, storyboards, a hyper-detailed demon guide, and even a series of extensive location designs set around real-world Tokyo! Plus, the book contains  interviews with Designer Suzuhito Yasuda, Director Shinjiro Takada, Scenario Writer Yoh Haduki, and Art Director Akiko Kotoh. Go behind the scenes of the creation of this amazing game! Keep reading to check out a 14-page preview of this book! Devil Survivor: Official Material Collection Available now! Price (U.S.): $39.99 ISBN: 1-926778-73-1 ISBN-13: 978-1-926778-73-0 Format: Softcover Page Count: 176, Color Size: 8.25 wide X 11.75 long Buy UDON Books | Buy from Amazon.com | Buy from Barnes  Noble  Tags: Akiko Kotoh , Devil Survivor , Devil Survivor Official Material Collection , Persona , Shin Megami Tensei , Shinjiro Takada , Suzuhito Yasuda , Yoh Haduki IN STORES TODAY: DEVIL SURVIVOR, HARUHI-ISM, SONICOMI!! July 31st, 2013 Its a trio of UDON art book awesome today with the launch of Devil Survivor Official Material Collection , Haruhi-ism: Noizi Ito Arworks and Sonicomi Artbook: Super Sonico Picture Album in comic shops and bookstores everywhere! Find a comic store near you at  http://www.comicshoplocator.com/ - DEVIL SURVIVOR: OFFICIAL MATERIAL COLLECTION SC In seven days, Tokyo will fall. Demons have invaded the city, and unless a group of teenagers do something about it, fear and chaos will reign. Devil Survivor: Official Material Collection is the ultimate companion to the hit role playing game, and includes character designs, promotional artwork, storyboards, a detailed demon guide, and creator interviews. SC, 812, 176gs, FC $39.99 - HARUHI-ISM: NOIZI ITO ARTWORKS HC Haruhi Suzumiya is an energetic Japanese girl who craves excitement and adventure! The members of the SOS Brigade try their best to keep Haruhi happy, because if they dont she could accidently destroy the universe! Seriously! Haruhi-ism collects the spectacular artwork of Noizi Ito, the artist behind the original Haruhi Suzumiya novel series. Included are book  DVD covers, magazine pinups, rare promo images, and more! HC, 812, 120pgs, FC $39.99 - SONICOMI ARTBOOK: SUPER SONICO PICTURE ALBUM (W/A/CA) Nitroplus Fashion model, musician, and video game star  Sonico can do it all! Whether she’s doing a bikini photo shoot on the beach, or rocking out on stage, Sonico is always ready to leap for that distant star. The Super Sonico Picture Album collects all the best images from the Sonicomi visual novel, plus merchandise artwork, pin-ups, crossover costumes, and more! SC, 812, 160pgs, FC $39.99 Check out the 8 page preview! - Tags: Devil Survivor , Devil Survivor Official Material Collection , Haruhi-ism , Haruhi-ism: Noizi Ito Artworks , sonicomi , Sonicomi Artbook: Super Sonico Picture Album Pre-Order: Monster Hunter Illustrations 2 (9 Pg Preview) July 26th, 2013 Monster Hunter Illustrations 2  Now Available For Pre-Order! Amazon.com   |   BarnesandNoble.com   |   Where to Buy UDON Books? Monster Hunter Illustrations is back with a new mammoth-sized 400 page artwork collection! Monster Hunter Illustrations 2 covers all the third generation Monster Hunter games including Monster Hunter Tri 3  3G, and Monster Hunter Portable 2nd  3rd. Included in this collection are creature designs, character designs, armor, weapons, and tons of rough sketches! For hardcore fans, this book collects both the BW and Colour  Monster Hunter Illustrations 2  books into one mammoth book! It completely translates every aspect of these books into English, including hand-written notes from the artists and designers. Check out a review of the Japanese version here , and know that our version will be even more awesome. UDONs first  Monster Hunter Illustrations  collection sold out in record time, and has recently been reprinted to accommodate demand! Dont miss out on  Monster Hunter Illustrations 2!   Plus! We recently reprinted the original, sold-out Monster Hunter Illustrations book! Get your copy RIGHT NOW! Monster Hunter Illustrations : Back In Stock at All Vendors! Amazon.com  |   BarnesandNoble.com  |   Where to Buy UDON Books?  MONSTER HUNTER ILLUSTRATIONS 2 Release Date: October/November 2013 Price: $39.99 ISBN-10: 192677888X ISBN-13: 978-1926778884 Page Count: 400 Pages, Colour Size: 11.5 x 8 CHECK OUT THE 9 PAGE PREVIEW:  Tags: Monster Hunter Illustrations , Monster Hunter Illustrations 2 Happy Birthday Mega Man! Video Game Icon turns 25 in Comic-Con Exclusive Art Book! July 8th, 2013 25 YEARS OF MEGA MAN! UDON celebrates with the Comic-Con debut art book MM25: Mega Man  Mega Man X Official Complete Works www.UDONentertainment.com  – Booth #4529 JULY 8th, 2013 — This year at Comic-Con, UDON will be celebrating the 25th Anniversary of legendary video game icon MEGA MAN in style,  with the beautiful new art book MM25: MEGA MAN  MEGA MAN X OFFICIAL COMPLETE WORKS. Chronicling 25 years of the Mega Man series, the book will make its English-language debut at the UDON booth, #4529, in a beautiful  Comic-Con exclusive blue laser foil hard cover edition ! MM25: Mega Man  Mega Man X Official Complete Works  is an in-depth chronicle of the amazing art created across 25 years of games in the Mega Man series by the good folks at Capcom! Featuring over 400 pages of official game art, concept designs and sketches, rare pin-ups, and all-new tribute art, this is a stunning art book collection that every fan of the  Blue Bomber  will want on their shelves. UDON Entertainment has faithfully translated the entire book into English, including production notes, creator comments, and three all-new exclusive interviews with the creators from across the history of the series! In a Comic-Con Exclusive, UDON Entertainment will debut a very limited, hard-cover edition of MM25 at San Diego Comic-Con International, July 17th-21st.  This limited edition will feature high-quality hardcover binding, a beautiful deluxe blue laser foil dust jacket, and special schematic design varnishing under the dust jacket! This item will be available from the UDON booth, #4529, on a first-come, first-served basis for $100. So remember, The UDON Booth #4529 is the place to find the MM25: Mega Man  Mega Man X Official Complete Works Limited Edition Hard Cover at Comic-Con!  PRESS:  To schedule an interview with  MM25  English Edition Editor  UDON Associate Editor Ash Paulsen at Comic-Con, contact  fans@udonentertainment.com . MM25: Mega Man  Mega Man X Official Complete Works Limited Edition Blue Laser Foil Hard Cover Release date: July 17th, 2013 Price US: $100.00 Format: Hardcover Page Count: 432, Color Size: 8.5 wide X 12 long   Tags: Capcom , Comic-Con , Mega Man , mega man x , MM25 , MM25: Mega Man  Mega Man X Official Complete Works , sdcc MONSTER HUNTER ILLUSTRATIONS 1: BACK IN PRINT! (8 pg preview) July 5th, 2013 Monster Hunter fans! The moment youve been waiting for has arrived, as UDON is pleased to announce a new printing of the sold-0ut MONSTER HUNTER ILLUSTRATIONS Volume 1 is now available! One of the fastest sell-outs in UDONs history, we had promised to bring this book back into print to accompany our recently announced  Monster Hunter Illustrations 2  but we jumped the gun a bit. Its here now, and we hope you love it! You can order the book at Amazon.com and it will actually begin shipping next week. We are expecting Amazon to run out of their initial order immediately and place a reorder, but rest assured, if you place an order for this book it will get to you in the next few weeks. The book is also available for order from any comic book shop with the code DEC101074. To find a comic shop near you, click here . Monster Hunter Illustrations Price (U.S.): $49.99 Diamond: DEC101074 ISBN-13: 978-1-926778-17-4 Format: Softcover Page Count: 304, Color Size: 11.75 wide X 8.25 long  Tags: Capcom , Monster Hunter , Monster Hunter Illustrations In-stores today! SUMMER WARS: MATERIAL BOOK June 26th, 2013 SUMMER WARS: MATERIAL BOOK NOW AVAILABLE! Head to your local comic book shop today to pick up our latest addition to UDONs Anime Artbooks Line: SUMMER WARS MATERIAL BOOK! Directed by Mamoru Hosoda (The Girl Who Leapt Through Time), and brought to life by renowned animation studio MADHOUSE, Summer Wars is the story of an ordinary family going to extraordinary lengths to avert the impending cyber apocalypse! The Summer Wars: Material Book gives a detailed, behind-the-scenes look at the development artwork that went into this award-winning film! Inside youll find character profiles, background designs, rough sketches, and an exclusive interview with the films director. While we are unfortunately not allowed to show you any preview pages or images from this book, because of our agreement with the licensor, we do want to say that we think  Summer Wars: Material Book  turned out phenomenally well, and fans of the movie will really enjoy this peek behind the scenes. In particular, this book is full of beautiful environment drawings and background paintings, in addition to all of the great character and design work. The Jinnouchi family estate feels very real, very beautifully conceived, and were happy to be able to bring such a high-quality project to North American fans. Summer Wars: Material Book   is available from comic book stores starting today, and will begin showing up in book stores and from online sellers over the next few days. We sincerely hope youll take a look at this beautiful book! SUMMER WARS: MATERIAL BOOK Release date: July 2013 Price (U.S.): $39.99 ISBN: 1-926778-68-5 ISBN-13: 978-1-926778-68-6 Format: Softcover Page Count: 208, Color Size: 7.25 wide X 9.5 long  Find a Comic Book Store Near You Buy from Amazon.com Buy from Barnes and Noble Where to buy UDON books? Tags: Summer Wars , Summer Wars Material Book World of Warcraft Pre-Orders Now Open! (9 pg preview) June 25th, 2013 Coming Soon: World of Warcraft Tribute!   Pre-orders now open for this stunning art collection inspired by the world’s biggest MMO!  Blizzard Entertainment and UDON are thrilled to announce that World of Warcraft Tribute is now available for pre-order! Scheduled for release in October 2013, this lush collection is sure to be one of the most in-demand art books of the holiday season. Be among the first to get this fantastic celebration of the World of Warcraft phenomenon by reserving your copy today ! World of Warcraft Tribute showcases professionals and fan artists alike , each paying homage to the most popular MMORPG of all time. The deluxe softcover edition includes over 200 illustrations from the international fan community, along with special pieces created exclusively for the collection by Blizzard’s own Samwise Didier and Arnold Tsang! If that’s not enough to tempt you, check out the six-page preview below for a sneak peek of the awesome artwork featured in World of Warcraft Tribute! Every denizen of Azeroth deserves to have this gorgeous artwork collection in their personal library! Since its launch in 2004, World of Warcraft has become the most popular subscription-based MMORPG in the world. The original game and its four expansions, including the recently released Mists of Pandaria™, have earned critical acclaim and captured the imaginations of millions of players around the globe. World of Warcraft Tribute Cover by Samwise Didier Release Date: October 2013 Price U.S.: $39.99 ISBN: 1-926778-87-1 ISBN-13: 978-1-926778-87-7 Format: Softcover Page Count: 224, Color Size: 8.25” wide x 11.75” long Pre-Order at Amazon.com! Pre-Order at BarnesandNoble.com Where else to buy UDON Books?   About Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. Best known for blockbuster hits including World of Warcraft® and the Warcraft®, StarCraft®, and Diablo® franchises, Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. (www.blizzard.com), a division of Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ: ATVI), is a premier developer and publisher of entertainment software renowned for creating some of the industry’s most critically acclaimed games. Blizzard Entertainment’s track record includes fourteen #1-selling games and multiple Game of the Year awards. The company’s online-gaming service, Battle.net®, is one of the largest in the world, with millions of active players. About UDON Entertainment UDON Entertainment is a publisher of original art books, graphic novels, and manga. UDON’s best-known projects are those based on popular video game franchises including Street Fighter®, Okami®, Mega Man®, Darksiders®, Valkyria Chronicles, and more. The publisher’s ever-growing library also includes English editions of several Japanese manga titles, and the anthology art book series Apple. For more information visit www.UDONentertainment.com. Tags: Preorder , World of Warcraft , World of Warcraft Tribute Announcing THE LEGEND OF HEROES art books from UDON! June 24th, 2013 DISCOVER THE LEGEND! The Legend of Heroes  art books coming this fall from UDON Entertainment! www.UDONentertainment.com JUNE 24TH—  UDON Entertainment is proud to announce that it will release two new art books this fall based on the venerable  The Legend of Heroes  franchise! With a dozen games released over the past 20 years , The Legend of Heroes  is a mainstay of Japanese RPGs from pioneering game developer Nihon Falcom. The latest games in this series including  Trails of Blue, Trails of Zero,  and the  Trails in the Sky  trilogy, have inspired amazing love and dedication from fans around the world!  This fall, UDON will bring the art books collecting materials from these fantastic games to the North American public with  The Legend of Heroes: The Illustrations  and  The Legend of Heroes: The Characters. The Legend of Heroes: The Illustrations  weighs in at more than 272 pages,  and is comprised entirely of gorgeous, fully-rendered artwork created for the games, including pin-ups, story artwork, advertising art, and much more.  The Legend of Heroes: The Characters  is also 272 pages, and is a character-designers dream come true! It’s full to the brim with character designs, costumes, facial expressions, rough concepts, and tons more! Both books have been completely translated into English, and the artwork contained within covers the games  Trails of Blue, Trails of Zero,  and the  Trails in the Sky  trilogy, as well as the “Trails” artworks from the spin-off game “Ys vs. Trails in the Sky: Alternative Saga.” “ This isn’t the first time we’ve released an English-language edition of an art book based on a game that isn’t available in North America, ” said UDON Marketing Director Christopher Butcher. “It won’t be the last, either. While traveling in Japan, UDON Chief Erik Ko and I came across these books and just loved them, even in the Japanese. Whether fans are only familiar with the  Trails in the Sky  anime that was recently released in North America, or are coming to this series for the first time, we feel that they will appreciate the strong character designs, beautifully rendered artwork, and the hints of the epic adventures contained in these books… even without the games in hand!” The Legend of Heroes: The Characters  and  The Legend of Heroes: The Illustrations  will be simultaneously released this November by UDON Entertainment. Look for these books in comic book stores, book stores, online, or wherever beautiful books are sold! PRODUCT INFO: ALL IMAGES PENDING LICENSOR APPROVAL. The Legend of Heroes: The Illustrations Release Date: November, 2013 Price US: $44.99 ISBN-13: 978-1-926778-91-4 Size: 8.25 wide X 11.75 long Format: Softcover Page Count: 272, Color Buy at Amazon.com  |  Buy UDON Books  The Legend of Heroes: The Characters Release date: November, 2013 Price US: $44.99 ISBN-13: 978-1-926778-90-7 Size: 8.25 wide X 11.75 long Format : Softcover Page Count: 272, Color Buy at Amazon.com  |  Buy UDON Books  The Legend of Heroes: The Characters. Preview Image. All Images Pending Licensor Approval. The Legend of Heroes: The Characters. Preview Image. All Images Pending Licensor Approval. The Legend of Heroes: The Characters. Preview Image. All Images Pending Licensor Approval. The Legend of Heroes: The Illustrations. Preview Image. All Images Pending Licensor Approval. The Legend of Heroes: The Illustrations. Preview Image. All Images Pending Licensor Approval. The Legend of Heroes Covers. All Images Pending Licensor Approval. Tags: The Legend of Heroes , The Legend of Heroes: The Characters , The Legend of Heroes: The Illustrations , Trails in the Sky UDON ENTERTAINMENT ANNOUNCES 6 COMIC-CON EXCLUSIVES! June 21st, 2013 Announced today , UDON Entertainment will have an amazing range of exclusive and rare new books at this years San Diego Comic-Con International! These exciting new editions span some of our most popular licenses, including Capcoms Mega Man   and  Street Fighter , and Double Fine Productions  Brutal Legend . After the sell-out success of Comic-Con 2012s  Marvel vs. Capcom: Official Complete Works Limited Edition HC,  the UDON crew has worked hard to come up with a range of amazing editions that will debut at San Diego, and if they sell-0ut there, theyre gone for good! San Diego Comic-Con Exclusive: MM25: MEGA MAN  MEGA MAN X OFFICIAL COMPLETE WORKS LIMITED EDITION HARDCOVER Celebrating 25 years of the Blue Bomber, MM25 is the art book that fans have been clamoring for! Weighing in at over 400 pages, this book captures the art and design behind every iteration of the classic Mega Man and Mega Man X characters, including character art, concept sketches, game covers, rare pinups, over 100 pages of material never-before-published in English! Exclusively for San Diego Comic-Con, this special edition hardcover features a beautiful deluxe blue laser foil dust jacket, and amazing hard-cover production with awesome schematic design.  $100  San Diego Comic-Con Exclusive: STREET FIGHTER CONVENTION EDITION VS. Hardcovers!  UDONs fan-favourite comics set in the  Street Fighter  universe return, with brand new stories and amazing convention-exclusive editions! - San Diego Comic-Con will see the debut of  Street Fighter Origins: Akuma,   the long-awaited origin story of the most terrifying fighter in the world! Featuring story by Chris Sarracini and art by Joe Ng, this is the book that die-hard fans have been waiting for. At SDCC, fans will be able to get the exclusive VS. Convention edition, featuring an awesome Akuma vs. Gouken dustjacket illustration by James Ghio, with a bonus Sakura on the beach image on the reverse! $40 -  Start the UDON  Street Fighter  saga from the beginning, with  Street Fighter Classic Volume 1!   Collecting material from the first 10 issues of UDONs  Street Fighter  series, this brand new oversized hard cover edition of the material has amazing printing, great binding, and will match up on your shelves with our new  Origins  and  Super Street Fighter  graphic novels! This Comic-Con exclusive features brand-new Ryu vs. Sagat dust jacket illustration by James Ghio, with hidden Chun-li on the Beach image inside! $40 -  Fast forward to the all-new future of Street Fighter in  Super Street Fighter Volume 1: New Generation!   Super Street Fighter moves the timeline forward to the fan-fav Street Fighter III   era, but, with all of the popular Street Fighter IV characters included for the first time! Exclusive to Comic-Con International, this limited edition features a brand new Guile vs. Juri dust jacket illustration by James Ghio, with hidden Juri on the Beach image inside, and can be signed by UDON artists during the convention! $60  San Diego Comic-Con Exclusive:  THE ART OF BRUTAL LEGEND: HEAVY METAL SLIPCASE EDITION More Metal than Metal, this stunning tome of concept art and design work from the Double Fine Studios game Brutal Legend is guaranteed to blow art book fans away! The Comic-Con International Limited Edition features an exclusive heavy-duty silver metallic slip case, perfect to protect this collectible item no matter how much head-banging it inspires! Truly awesome! $80  San Diego Comic-Con Exclusive: WORLD OF WARCRAFT TRIBUTE: LIMITED EDITION HARDCOVER UDON Entertainments new World of Warcraft Tribute  artbook pays homage to Blizzards popular massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) with fantastic artwork from an international selection of artists! The hardcover edition is a Comic-Con exclusive and features a great hardcover binding, gold foil stamping, and stunning exclusive artwork by Blizzards own Arnold Tsang , who will be signing at the UDON booth during the convention! $100.00  Keep checking this page for more updates on UDONs plans for San Diego Comic-Con International 2013!  Tags: Brutal Legend , Comic-Con , MM25 , San Diego Comic Con , STREET FIGHTER , street fighter classic , Street Fighter Origins: Akuma , Super Street Fighter Vol 1 , The Art of Brutal Legend , World of Warcraft Tribute Something came in the mail today June 12th, 2013 While it should be pretttttty easy for die-hard fans to guess what this is, technically this is a print proof for an as-yet unannounced book or rather an unofficially announced format of an officially announced book or. Hmm.  This teaser stuff is hard. You should just enjoy the photo and all will be made clear next week.  Older Entries  Author information is disabled per default. Uncomment and fill in your details if you want to use it.AuthorA little something about you, the author. Nothing lengthy, just an overview.  2007-2012 Udon Entertainment CORP. All Rights Reserved.  