 Home Contact Us  Sign Up For Our eNewsletter!  Overview About Us Our Customers Our History Our Brand Values Quality Control  Brands ContiTech Rein Pentosin AJUSA  Media   Corporate   News  CRP News Press Releases Events  Locations   Corporate   Home ISO 9001: 2008 Certified  As leaders in Original Equipment timing belts, timing belt kits, V-belts, and serpentine belts, ContiTech and CRP offer NAFTA's most complete and cutting edge programs available for Asian, European, and domestic vehicles. Rein Automotive offers European Standard replacement parts and accessories for a wide range of European import applications, including A/C parts, coolant hoses, anti-vibration and suspension parts, axle boot kits, and wheel bearings  bearing kits.  Since 1927, Pentosin has provided some of Europe's leading automotive manufacturers with OE technical fluids. CRP offers the complete Pentosin program of antifreeze, brake and hydraulic fluids, motor oil, and transmission fluids. AJUSA is a leading international manufacturer of automotive gaskets/sets, cylinder head bolt sets, and hydraulic lifters. Manufactured in Spain, AJUSA offers the world's widest coverage of European and Asian applications. At CRP Automotive, we take great pride in our history of offering superior quality replacement parts and fluids through OEM and OES, as well as Warehouse Distributors in the USA, Canada, and Mexico. Perhaps more important than any individual part or program is our deep inventory of three essential items: Quality, Service, and Trust. It's these three simple qualities that truly keep CRP customers coming back. To find out more about our flagship brands, click on a logo at the left or call 800.526.4066 and speak to a representative about CRP Automotive. News Contitech 'Problem Solver' Timing Belt Kits Aid Specific Service Issues More CRP Automotive Offers OE-Quality Pentosin Transmission Fluids for Automatic, Manual and Double Clutch Applications More CRP Automotive Launches New Facebook Page More  CRP Launches New ContiTech Accessory Drive Kits More  Rein Automotive Offers Innovative First Aid Program for Problematic Parts More Pentosin Antifreeze Offered for Specific European Applications More  CRP Automotive Introduces AJUSA Cylinder Head Bolt Program More  CRP is proud to have achieved ISO 9001:2008 certification. Rigorous new standards were used to evaluate quality control and process management. More  Check us out on Facebook and YouTube Home | About Us | News | Media | Contact Us Site Map | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Terms and Conditions | CRP Corporate Home  2013 CRP Industries Inc. All rights reserved. 