  Sign in | Register now Like Us | Follow Us Milwaukee's Daily Magazine for Tuesday, Aug. 27, 2013  Spotlight: It's Milwaukee Rally time Spotlight: Harley Fest whiskey Spotlight: Stefan Richter Spotlight: Racine Art Museum Spotlight: Door Co., differently READ: Arts  Entertainment Articles Business Listings Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Bars Articles Best of Bars Business Listings Drink & Dining Specials Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Dining Articles Best of Dining, 2012 Business Listings Drink & Dining Specials Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Kids  Family Articles Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs School Matters MKE Living Articles Featured Blogs Readers Blogs Marketplace Articles Featured Blogs Guides Readers Blogs Services Shopping Milwaukee Buzz Articles Featured Blogs Readers Blogs Movies  TV Articles Featured Blogs Movie Showtimes Readers Blogs Music Articles Bands Featured Blogs Guides Live Music Readers Blogs Readers Blogs Post a Blog Entry Read Blogs Edit Blog Profile Edit Blog Photo View My Blog Entries Sports Admirals Badgers Brewers Bucks Marquette Packers UWM Wave The Active Pursuit Travel Articles Featured Blogs Guides Hotels and Motels Visitor Info INTERACT  EXPLORE: Business Listings Arts & Entertainment Bars & Clubs Dining Hotels & Motels Services Shopping Sports Visitor Information Suggest a new business Contests Event Calendar Search Events Submit An Event Podcasts RSS Summer Festival Guide Weather Weddings Weekend Preview MORE Blogs E-mail Newsletters Help Podcasts In Arts & Entertainment Reviews Alexandra Bonesho, David Cecsarini, Lee Palmer and Mary Kababik in Microcrisis. "Microcrisis" finds humor in financial upheaval By Dave Begel Contributing Writer E-mail author | Author bio More articles by Dave Begel Published Oct. 3, 2012 at 5:20 a.m. Tweet If you are in the audience for "Microcrisis," what you want is Barack Obama sitting on your left and Mitt Romney on your right. Then, as the play comes to an end, you want to be able to turn to each of them, hold out your palms, put a quizzical expression on your face and say, "Well? How 'bout that?" Perhaps if you are head of the Federal Reserve or the Dean of the Economics Department at Harvard you might get everything they talk about in this play. It was doubtful, however, if either of them were in the audience over the weekend when "Microcrisis" opened at Next Act Theatre. Talk about a play with modest goals. In just a little over an hour let's explain the entire banking meltdown and financial crisis that has rocked the United States. Easy, huh? Well, the version of the play mounted at Next Act is so funny, so clear and so meaningful that it's easy to tell Mike Lew, who wrote it, "Job well done." The play starts when a cell phone businessman in Ghana is loaned 200 cedi, which is a little more than a penny in United States currency, to expand his business by one phone. That starts the ball rolling both up and downhill, gaining speed and momentum as each step brings us closer and closer to a collapse that spins millions of people into its web. Veteran Milwaukee actor David Cecsarini is Bennett, the hustler who drives this Doubloon Ferrari as if it had no brakes. He's got enough sleaze to make you want to reach for the Purell. He manipulates people and dollars and cell phone apps as he blows hot wind into the balloon that keeps climbing higher and higher. John Kishline, another Milwaukee veteran, does a turn as the befuddled Frankfurt, who is the head of the New York Fed and a man given to pleasure in all things. You could say he has a mouth like a truck driver, but that would be unfair to truck drivers. Kishline and Cecsarini have done many plays together, and it shows with a kind of comic timing you used to see with Art Carney and Jackie Gleason. Special nods have to go to two newcomers to the Next Act family. Michael Cotey, who is the artistic director at the upstart Youngblood Theatre, proves his acting chops have a rare range. He was outstanding as Malcolm in "Macbeth" during the summer. As Randy in "Microcrisis" he unleashes a taste for comedy that is as subtle as it is surprising. When his romantic advances are spurned, his reaction makes you gasp and then laugh like crazy. And then there is Alexandra Bonesho, who just graduated from Marquette. She's a newcomer who plays a nice girl caught up in the spiral to the top of the financial pyramid. She is sexy, funny, pathetic, nave, determined, idealistic and cute, all rolled into one. And let's not forget to mention sexy. Again. She is the object of affection for Randy, but sells her body to Bennett as she tries to keep a little bit of her soul away from the growing disaster. She has the charity of Mother Teresa and the innocent sexiness of Marilyn Monroe, all wrapped up into one great package. She is a clear symbol of what happened in this country. She is caught up in a maelstrom of false numbers, false promises and, perhaps most troubling of all, false hopes. With hindsight as a guide, you want to reach out, grab her by the shoulders and shout "Wake up! Can't you see what's going on?" The answer of course, is "No"  she (or we) can't see what's going on. And boy, did we get slapped around for our blindness. There's a message of warning and caution to "Microcrisis," but this is no boring lecture. Instead, it does what humor does best  it makes you laugh through the tears. Tags: microcrisis , next act theatre , mike lew , theater , david cecsarini , john kishline , michael cotey , alexandra bonesho Print Talkback Share this: More Information Next Act Theatre 255 S. Water St. Milwaukee, WI 53204 (414) 278-0765 http://www.nextact.org Talkbacks Post a comment / write a review . Facebook Comments Disclaimer: Please note that Facebook comments are posted through Facebook and cannot be approved, edited or declined by OnMilwaukee.com. The opinions expressed in Facebook comments do not necessarily reflect those of OnMilwaukee.com or its staff. Related articles Mick Foley tells stories One thing I`ve learned in this life is that everyone has a story to tell. Truth is that some people are better at it than others. Mick Foley is one of them. "Duck Dynasty" in MKE In its first three seasons, "Duck Dynasty" has brought one bearded family to the spotlight with a hit reality show on A "Moby Dick" with puppets Milwaukee comedian Ryan Lowe created an 118-minute adaptation of Herman Melville`s "Moby Dick" with over 30 handmade puppets. The film features original music and voice-over work by dozens of well-known Milwaukee artists and comedians, and recently premiered at the Rosebud Theater in Wauwatosa. "Art" on display The Milwaukee theater season opens with the Milwaukee Chamber Theatre`s performance of "Art" by Yasmina Reza. The play follows the struggle between two longtime friends over a unique piece of modern art, and is a huge helping of rollicking fun. Everything New Brewers 1:09 p.m. Gennett studies up Milwaukee Film 10:59 a.m. "The World's End" Milwaukee Film Festival 10:02 a.m. Cream City Cinema Weather 10:00 a.m. 10-day forecast Festivals 7:28 a.m. Highland Games Media 6:24 a.m. WITI's "Studio A" Festivals 5:19 a.m. It's Milwaukee Rally time Bucks 5:05 a.m. Ellis, BJ disappoint Baseball cards Mon Can't let go of 'em Film Mon "Blackfish" Milwaukee bands Mon Juniper Tar's Mohr Media Mon Back-to-school drive camping Mon Happy little camper Harley-Davidson 110th Mon River Rhythms honors Brewers Mon Time to self-scout Landmarks Mon Twerk in Milwaukee Weekly Nibble Mon Harley Fest whiskey Weather Mon 10-day forecast Festivals Mon Put the Guns Down Back to school Mon 10 ideas for lunches Festivals Mon Third Ward Art Fest Photography Mon Edward S. Curtis show Public Art Sun Another big orange thing Harley-Davidson 110th Sun 110th at House of Harley Harley-Davidson 110th Sun Guide to the 110th Social Circle Sun Your "happy place?" Yerkes Observatory Sat Stargazing at Yerkes Stuff We Like Sat OMC Recommends Public Art Sat New Pink Planet to rise Packers Fri Defense rises to occasion Top Clicks Popular Stories | Top Searches | Most Comments New Pink Planet to rise over Third Ward Chamber Theatre offers an entertaining ... Coming soon: Milwaukee Chamber Theatre's ... Whitewater's Curtis captured vanishing ... River Rhythms celebrates Harley anniversary ... Enter the OnMilwaukee.com Milwaukee ... "Broken and Entered" breaks into the ... Lakefront summer fun guide What happened to Richie's brother "Chuck" ... Breakdance competition activates former ... Cast your vote at Racine Art Museum Get fired up about pottery classes and ... Barefoot Contessa Ina Garten enchants ... Milwaukee's in great company on new ... Guess where Playboy magazine is printed? The Splinter Group launches inaugural ... D'oh! Homer portrait finds his way onto ... New Riverwalk art catches a question Miami meets the Midwest in Daniel's ... "Pushcarts to Professionals" charts ... Summer theater makes a comeback in Milwaukee ... Why don't some black people like Elvis? "Mind Over Milwaukee" is a spellbinding ... Former "Simpsons" animator now makes ... Interview with a male stripper Mumford and Sons play Marcus Amphitheater ... Rep's "A Raisin in the Sun" an overwhelming ... "Art" sets the bar high for the rest ... Discover Lost Ozaukee Balloon Man creates twisted art Mondo Lucha is much more than Mexican ... Mick Foley to tell wrestling tales in ... Cocoon Room spreads its creative wings The Rockettes radio for a 21st century ... These "Miserable Men" want to make you ... Actor profile: Brian Mani of the American ... "50 Shades of Grey" invents "mommy porn" ... New books talk "Wisconsin Talk" and ... Shift Switch: Magician's assistant "Elvis Lives" presents energetic, authentic ... Wisconsin State Fair lines up four more ... Milwaukee Air and Water Show announces ... Tony Award winner steered Rep's search ... Road warriors, rebels and rock stars: ... Real kids review "Real Pirates" Park "pops up" under Holton Street bridge ... Wisconsin's Trussoni remains hot on ... Milwaukee Talks: author Lesley Kagen Celebrating Milwaukee's own Rembrandt ... Optimist puts on a very likeable "As ... Search OnMilwaukee.com! pizza man church festivals fireworks dave begel sarah brucker brunch fish fry weekend preview outdoor dining Time Warner Cable, Journal... Jennings, Ellis: They are ... Self-scouting should now be... New Pink Planet to rise over... Scathing SeaWorld doc "Blackfish"... Five Milwaukee eyesores Social Circle: Where's your... OnMilwaukee.com Live Tweets from @omc_talkbacks/onmilwaukee  About OnMilwaukee.com Dining | Bars  Clubs | Music | Movies  TV | Sports | Arts  Entertainment | Marketplace | Kids  Family | Living | Milwaukee Buzz | Travel  Visitors | Events | Weather | MyOMC | Readers Blogs | E-mail Newsletters | Text Headlines | Terms of Service | Help | Advertising Info | Feedback | About Us | RSS | Privacy Statement [if lt IE 8 ]>  window.attachEvent('onload',function(){CFInstall.check({mode:'overlay'})}) 