 Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates  Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying  Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling  Events Car Maintenance  Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips  Tools Loan Tips  Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums  Home | Car News | 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Convertible Set for Debut in Geneva 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Convertible Set for Debut in Geneva By Trevor Dorchies [ G+ ] | January 29, 2013 COMMENTS  15 PHOTOS Well, that was fast. Remember those images of the 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray with the missing roof ? It appears that well see it in the sheet metal much sooner rather than later. Sister publication Motor Trend received confirmation today that the Chevrolet Corvette Stingray convertible will, in fact, debut at the Geneva Motor Show in March. Why Geneva was picked instead of the New York Auto Show which takes place just three weeks aftershows General Motors is serious about bringing a global sports car to market. Not much is known about the car itself yet, but weve already seen it in camouflage , and if the image above is any indication, the Geneva unveil will mimic the havoc seen in Detroit a few weeks ago. The  2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray debuted with much fanfare at the 2013 North American International Auto Show a few weeks back, and its still being talked about today. A redesigned 6.2-liter V-8 engine will provide the power laying down 450 horsepower and 450 pound-feet of torque. The C7 Corvettes structure is now made up entirely of aluminum and the taillights go from the circular design to a more Camaro-esque lay-out. Until we see the genuine article, these images will have to hold you over until Geneva so stay tuned. Source: Motor Trend   Tags: Chevrolet , Convertible Car , Coupe , Detroit Auto Show , Exotic Cars , Geneva Motor Show , International , Luxury Car , Sports Car More on this Car: Specs, Compare, Safety, Pricing, Reviews, Rebates, Photos, Warranty  Next Article Report: Consumer Reports Finds High-Back Booster Seats Safest of All According to a report released by Consumer Reports, high-back booster seats are safer than a backless booster seat. Now, dont go and throw out your booster if its not high back; using a booster, regardless Read more Related Articles 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Convertible Sells for $1 Million at Auction Leading up to the dramatic reveal at the 2013 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, GM had kept a pretty tight lid on the 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray, and likewise did the same for Read more Official: 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Convertible Shows Up Ahead of Geneva Debut [UPDATED] Its apparent that General Motors has international aspirations with its 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray convertible, introducing it in Geneva instead of the U.S. But if you want to challenge the best sports cars in the Read more 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray to Debut at Geneva Motor Show On March 5, 2013, the 2014 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray convertible will make its world debut at the Geneva Motor Show. The new Stingray will deliver the same balance of technology, design, and performance as the Read more  Logout Profile Log in or Register to comment   Tweets by @MyAutomotive  About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content  Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. HALWBBLG9 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes   