 RideLust Videos Funny Hoonage Racing Car Reviews Import Domestic European Motorcycles Best of Top of the Heap Gaming FAIL Babes Rants  Raves News Rides Domestic European Import Motorcycle Other Rides Event Coverage Auto Show Racing SEMA Test Days Rants  Raves Alt Fuels  Featured Articles 2014 Chevrolet Silverado: Ridelust Review Ridelust Review: 2013 Dodge Challenger SRT8 392 Ridelust Review: 2013 BMW X6 M  Facebook Twitter RSS  AMC Eagle: The Original Crossover Vehicle Posted in AMC , Domestic Rides , General , Rides byMrAngry|April 8th, 2011|2 Responses| The Subaru Outback, Nissan Murano, Cadillac SRX and Honda CrossTour are all vehicles that combine the all weather utility of an SUV without the girth of a full sized truck. Nowadays automakers are calling these vehicles crossovers in the hopes that the buying public will think that theyre getting the latest and greatest. However, if you look back throughout the annals of automotive history, youll notice that there was one little car maker that brought the concept of the crossover out over 30 years ago. AMC (American Motors Corporation) recognized the need for a family sized utility vehicle that had the all-weather prowess of a full-sized truck, but without the size. In the early 1980s AMC released the Eagle, a wagon that combined the best of both worlds in a package that Americans could wrap their arms around. Now granted, Subaru had their DL wagons out in the late 1970s, but they were small and packed in about as much luxury as a burlap sack. The Eagle was introduced as a 1983 model and packed into it seating for five, leather interior (on limited models), a 4.2 Inline 6-cylinder and enough storage space to take the family away for a week with no worries. It also got an EPA rating of 28 mpg hwy when mated to its 4-speed automatic transmission or a very respectable 31 mpg hwy with a 5-speed auto. Those are great numbers even by todays standards. Shift-on-the-fly four-wheel drive was done with the slide of a switch and enabled drivers to feel comfortable in any driving conditions. When Chrysler took over AMC in 1987 one of the unfortunate side effects was the demise of the Eagle. Every now and then Ill see one of these little wagons tooling around and I cant help but wonder what wouldve happened if Chrysler had kept them in production. Unfortunately, in 1987 the minivan craze was in full swing, as where small SUVs like the Jeep Cherokee. I just feel bad for the little AMC Eagle though, because truth be told, this was a car that was truly ahead of its time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AMC_Eagle Our Best Articles 2012 Toyota Prius Plug-In Advanced: RideLust Review 2011 Cadillac Escalade ESV Platinum: Ridelust Review 2012 Nissan Maxima SV: RideLust Review 2011 Chrysler 200 Limited: RideLust Review The Best Performance Cars Under $25k Hyundai Sells First 2011 Equus In The U.S.  Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment  2 Responses Nancy says: January 12, 2012 at 4:56 am Hi, I just read the Eagle article. Very nice, although Im not sure Eagles got that kind of MPG. Chrysler only wanted Jeep and had no interest in pushing the Eagle as the real first SUWagon. Too bad for them. My husbands got 18mpg. But it was a good car. Not as good as my Hornet and Concords, though. Weve been looking for an Eagle for my son, hes 16 and doesnt want anything else. The child came by it honestly, im obsessed. Capital o capital b capital cessed. We have one AMC right now, down from four at once. We still have the 66 American. I am constantly trolling for a Hornet/Concord that we cant afford. yeh, obsessed.Thank you for saying nice things about a car that got no respect. Nancy Reply Rob says: May 7, 2012 at 3:24 am In 2001 I was 19 and laid eyes on the first AMC SX/4 (hatchback) I had ever seen while visiting Alaska. One year later, I HAD to have one, and in a stick. I went with my dad from Toledo to Philadelphia to buy one for $550. Despite wrecking it, it was my favorite car Ive ever owned. It had character and spunk. My I4 only saw 13MPG in town. So the lofty fuel econ stated here does seem very off. Reply  eBay Deal of the Week: 1973 Datsun 240Z Pro-street eBay Deal of the Week: 1973 BMW 2002 Touring Site Info About Ridelust Editor-in-Chief Mike Musto Lead Writer Kurt Ernst Contributors Dustin Driver Leigh D Jon James Advertise Advertising Options Contact RideLust ridelust@gmail.com Subscribe RSS | Email RideLust is a site for car enthusiasts by car enthusiasts. We feature new car reviews, videos, photos, product reviews, rants and raves and anything else we feel may be of interest to readers who loves cars, motorcycles or other wheeled transportation. A co-production of SeaWaves & Brainz . Copyright 2011-2099. Privacy Policy .  