  CONNECT WITH US  Sign up or Log in  CD Rates Savings Accounts Banking Credit Cards Bank Deals NEWS Frugality Videos Cars , Shopping 46 comments Buying Cars on Ebay: eBay Protection Policies by Jim Wang Email Print Tweet Email Tweet Email Do not depend on the eBay Buyer Vehicle Protection Program. Its not that I dont believe eBay will protect you, they have a vested financial interest in doing so, its that there are a lot of variables and a lot of things that can go wrong. In fact, whenever you buy anything, the protection policies should never come into play because you should only enter into a transaction that you are 100% confident in. If there is a inkling of foul play, dont buy the car. If the guy sounds funny or is not entirely forthcoming when you ask a question, dont buy the car. If youre on the fence about the vehicle, for whatever reason, do not buy the car . Vehicle Purchase Protection Ensures that you receive the vehicle you paid for, with coverage up to $20,000 against fraud or material misrepresentation. Thats the guarantee that eBay provides, with a $100 deductible. But if you look closely, it only protects you if the seller commits fraud or misrepresents the vehicle. A lot of times, the listing will state As-Is and so that absolves the seller of any problems that he or she didnt know about beforehand. Lets say you purchase a car and it has a huge scratch that the seller didnt mention. Well, thats something that the seller cant pretend to not have known about. But what if the problem is a small leak in the coolant line that ruptures, causes your car to overheat, and you blow a head gasket? Well, that small leak isnt something that the seller would necessarily know about, especially if the leak was small and grew over time. The repairs to your car would be in the thousands of dollars but you cant hold the seller liable because he or she didnt know. So, bottom line, if you would buy the car without the protection program, buy the car. If you see a car that you would only buy if you had eBays protection program, skip it. Do yourself a favor and skip it. No money is worth the headaches that a potential mysterious problem would bring. { 46 comments , please add your thoughts now! } Related Posts Buying Cars on Ebay: Feedback  Contacting The Seller Buying Cars on Ebay: Understanding Buy It Now  Reserve Prices Buying A Car On Ebay Series Buying Cars on Ebay: Hidden Costs Buying Cars on Ebay: Dissecting An Auction Listing By Jim Stumble It! Bookmark reddit.com Tags: Buying A Car On Ebay , eBay Feb 06, 2006 | Read more in Cars , Shopping Like this article? Get all the latest articles sent to your email for free every day. Enter your email address and click "Subscribe." Your email will only be used for this daily subscription and you can unsubscribe anytime. 46 Responses to Buying Cars on Ebay: eBay Protection Policies  Older Comments - kristyf says: 04/05/2009 at 5:36 pm ebay is a joke fraud galore and ebay protrects the fraud the sellers do on buyer why cause ebay gets there share is why. Reply Malu says: 05/02/2009 at 3:33 pm Quick question here as well, would you trust the vehicle protection plan? Is it true that you would get 5 days to inspect the car and if you choose to keep it after those 5 days, you alert ebay to process the payment? Im afraid of getting scammed Reply Jim says: 05/02/2009 at 8:16 pm I dont trust the plan only because so many things can go wrong, you either believe the seller or you dont. Reply  Ada says: 06/25/2009 at 10:56 am I also have a question on buying a car from E-bay, how can I be sure that i can get the car after I pay? will they hold the payment until I receive the car? I found a 2007 Rav4 on one of the Auto Trader website for only $3300USD, the car looks great, but I dont understand why hes selling it at such a low price, so I send him an E-mail, and ask him if there was any major accident to the car, he said no, hes selling the car because he moved to UK, and got a Job in there, and its not an easy thing to ship his car to the UK, so I asked him why he dont sell it to the Car Dealership in his home town (his car is in US, and Im in Canada) then he told me that its hard to sell a car to the dealership if hes not there in person. so he choose to go through internet, he dont even need me to pay for the shipping for the car, because his brother works at the DAS shipping company. He told me that he will not get the fund until I inform E-bay its OK to release money. But for a very good condition Rav4 for $3300, I think he can sell it in his home town, he dont even have to worry about shipping it out to Canada, Dont you think the deal is too good to be true? Im so worry that its a scam, so I want to ask for more opinions. Reply Susan says: 02/09/2010 at 1:20 pm Hi Ada, I have the same situation. This deal seems too good to be true. How do I go about approaching it? I am not comfortable with out of country sellers. I am in Canada right now. I saw this ad on auto trader and contacted the seller. The response I received was too similar to your situation: First I want to thank you for question about the 2007 BMW X5. The car is in perfect condition, no damage, perfect shape and the mileage is 23,000. It has all the papers and document and I am also the owner. The price is CAD$16,400 including shipping to your address (only in Canada). The car is located in Canada but currently I am located in London, United Kingdom, because I just finished the divorce with my husband and i have moved here to my parents for a while. The transaction will be made only through eBay vehicle purchase protection program also the payment will be made through eBay and only after you will receive the car, I will receive the payment. PS: If you are interested in buying it please provide me your FULL NAME and FULL ADDRESS  PHONE NUMBER so I can initiate the deal through eBay I will wait your answer (if you are interested to buy) very soon and i will also explain you all terms for this transaction. Also i am able to negotiate the price for a fast and quick transaction, If you are a serious buyer! any advice?? Reply A. says: 06/22/2010 at 9:07 am hey Ada, there is correspondence between me and a guy who claims to be living in the UK whos trying to sell his car as well.. he is selling his RAV4 for $8,900 he said he has to sell because he is relocating to UK so he is selling through ebay. sounds like a scam to me. he also assured me it has no damages and finance on it even though he refuses to give me the chassis and engine number to check up on it because he is overseas. check your cars background people! its the least you can do to see if theyre lying to you Reply  marsh says: 12/10/2009 at 4:32 pm i got a car on ebay and when i tryed to email them about the car no would email me back i dont know what to do i hope i get the car Reply mg says: 03/23/2010 at 11:16 am hi susan, in same situation. how did yours turn out? Reply Victoria says: 04/10/2010 at 3:09 pm Hi. I just wanted to let everyone know that scammers always use the, Im out of the country for work, Im a sailor and dont need the vehicle, After my divorced I moved back to Paris, this is my only option for selling the vehicle at a low price for a quick sale since I moved back to my country, and (my all time favorite) I just need to get rid of the car, you can have it free, just pay shipping. And they all ask to be paid through ebay. If it sounds too good to be true, then yes it is. Use your instincts people. Dont fall for this crap. Take your rear to a dealer or visit someone local that is selling and rid yourself of this stupidity. Reply Victoria says: 04/10/2010 at 3:11 pm Hi. I just wanted to let everyone know that scammers always use the, Im out of the country for work, Im a sailor and dont need the vehicle, After my divorce I moved back to Paris, this is my only option for selling the vehicle at a low price for a quick sale since I moved back to my country, and (my all time favorite) I just need to get rid of the car, you can have it free, just pay shipping. And they all ask to be paid through ebay. If it sounds too good to be true, then yes it is. Use your instincts people. Dont fall for this crap. Take your rear to a dealer or visit someone local that is selling and rid yourself of this stupidity. Reply E says: 06/07/2010 at 6:25 pm I will say that I have been buying vehicles, and other stuff, on Ebay for over 10 yrs. Ive bought probably 25 vehicles, sight unseen on Ebay, including 3 over $50,000 and the 4 in my driveway right now. I think that theyve all come from dealers. Ive never had a single problem, until now. I bought one 2 weeks ago from a lady in GA. It appears to be a pile of junk. Doesnt look like any value at all right now. I am looking for a way to threaten her for misrepresenting the vehicle, which she certainly did. Anyone with any advice?? Thanks Reply Patricia Iden says: 09/28/2010 at 4:20 pm I just got took in Wallingsford Conn. same thing I even got mice Reply  Patricia Iden says: 09/28/2010 at 4:18 pm Do not buy anything on E Bay unless you see it in person I just got took on a vehicle that did not even have tires and even had a mouse nest in it it was supposed to have a stereo system (pioneer) did not even have one just a few wires no mounted TV got 10 miles and had a flat paid $259.00 to have towed while owner stood there could not drive the 10 Hrs home had to find another way everything I have bought has been a flop pictures are deceivingI have to back and get it or let them sell it again I paid 1,525.00 I have it sold for 500.00 lucky me it is not even worth that and it was ready to go acrossed country JOKE Reply Eric says: 04/18/2011 at 10:31 pm DO you guys think this is a scam The car is in perfect condition, no electric problems, no accidents/liens/loans. No scratches, never been repainted. I have all the car manuals, title,documents. Im selling this car because my child of only 19 died 4 months ago in a car accident,a drunk driver hit him and his fiancee. He was with his fiances car coming to our home at his little brother birthday of 10 years old. The car belonged to my son and it brings me bad memories and thats the reason I want to sell it. The last price is $2,125. Me and my husband travel a lot with our business and we want to make this deal through eBays Buyer Protection Program.I just need your full name,full shipping address, home/cell # so I can open a case.(with no further obligation or fees).eBay will contact you with all the Transaction/shipping details you will need.We will take care of the shipping so dont worry. Reply jwt says: 06/30/2011 at 11:45 am be very careful buying cars on ebay check around local sales first. many sellers on ebay will post that they are not responsible for inaccuracies on desriptions- basically they can say anything and not be held accountable-as is means as the car is. ebay recommends having the vehicle inspected-yeah right- i live 180 miles away, or in another state.personally i think ebay ought to stop vehicle bidding!!!!!!!! Reply e says: 09/22/2011 at 10:53 pm call these rotten bastards outdont trust them and call your local bureau of consumer affairs and report ebay for being complicit in criminal activity Reply e says: 09/22/2011 at 10:54 pm if they dont use correct English grammar and there name is Jennifer Welch for example, living in the UK but unable to write properly in English.ummm not likely Reply jon says: 10/27/2011 at 1:45 pm I just received an email from Jennifer Welch. She is living in the UK and wants to sell a car in Canada Reply  Anonymous says: 05/30/2012 at 10:03 pm I want to purchase this car but scared 2800 for an 05 accord it looks nice What u all think Reply  Older Comments - Please Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Email Address (never published) Website URL Bargaineering Comment Policy Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Previous Article:  NO GEICO Multiple Insurance Discount Next Article: $1M Umbrella Insurance Policy  Our Most Popular Card Intro APR GoToRate Annual Fee 0%* 10.99% - 20.99% (V)* $0* Advertising Disclosure td>Subscribe