 All HTML, JavaScript, other software code, and design elements are exclusively owned by Viewpoints.  2006-2013 Viewpoints. All rights reserved. Skip to content Sign Up Log In Your Account Sign Up Log In Your Lists Your Reviews Your Rewards Settings Log Out Browse categories Write a review  Home  Browse categories  Car Seats  Best Car Seats  Britax View more car seats This product has been discontinued But, there are similar products View similar products 96 Britax Marathon Classic Convertible Car Seat Reviews  777 Reviews  Brand: Britax #1 car seats brand  Type: Convertible Car Seats  Other Car Seats:  Average: 89  High: 100  Voted best for: Long Car Rides Ease of installation 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Childs comfort 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Support and safety 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Ease of use 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Design 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Based on: 777 reviews Review it  /  Embed ⚑ Claim this  Add to list  777 Britax Marathon Classic Convertible Car Seat Reviews Sort By : Default Most helpful Date Overall rating (high to low) Overall rating (low to high) Filter reviews about : All Ease of Installation Childs Comfort Support and Safety Ease of Use Design Durability 1 - 15 of 777  1 of 52  garrettsmama Facebook verified 51 reviews 47,482 reads Updated: 02/07/2012 better than the last car seat Overall 4 Rated 4 out of 5 We purchased the Britax Marathon convertible car seat once my son grew out of his bucket car seat. There are some features on this car seat that I really appreciate. I like that the two buckles snap independently. It is so much easier to do one at a time, especially when you have a squirmy 11 month old. The harness adjusts very easily. The seat is quite large, and almost feels too large for our mid-sized SUV. I am sure that as my son continues to grow, we will be thankful for the extra space. Once we are able to flip it around so that it is forward facing, I will move it to the middle seat and I think it will feel more roomy. I do wish that there was a place to attach a hanging toy. Really, there is no place to attach anything. Generally, the Britax convertible car seats are pretty pricey, but we were able to find a great deal on Amazon that makes it completely worth the price. I am looking forward to using the converting features as my son continues to grow. Update: We love this carseat. We have traveled with it multiple times, lugging it to the airport and installing it in multiple cars. It is big, but so is every other car seat out there. They just are. The only thing that would make it better would be a carrying strap, maybe so you could carry it like a backpack through the airport. It is awkward to move. But, for 99% of its life, it has lived in our SUV and we love it. Lots of room for my almost 2 year old. Ease of installation 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Childs comfort 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Support and safety 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Ease of use 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Design 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (3) Claim this product to reply to review tiffanyblitz Facebook verified 13 reviews 13,327 reads Updated: 02/16/2012 Great for Rear-Facing, But So BIG... Overall 4 Rated 4 out of 5 We bought a Britax Marathon for our daughter - just like everyone else, we were sold by the great safety reviews from customers and Consumer Reports alike. Although it was big and bulky, it worked likea charm while she was rear-facing. The only issue we had from time to time was the handy velcro bits (to hold the straps in place while you get in/out) scratching her, or catching on clothing. As soon as we turned it around, though, we all began to enjoy it less. It was still big and bulky, which now made it hard for her to learn to get in and out of alone. It also is stubbornly reclining. She wants to sit up, look out, and see the world like a big girl, and spent a lot of time straining against the belts. When we added another little one to the family, we heaved a sigh of relief. We gave him the Britx (back in the starring rear-facing role), and purchased a Radian 65 for her - hands-down a better seat for front-facing children (see my review on that seat, also). The size and price trade-off was worth it for a great rear-facing seat, but I dont find it workable for older, front-facing children. Ease of installation 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Childs comfort 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Support and safety 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Ease of use 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Design 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (1) Claim this product to reply to review Mega6vancouver Facebook verified 5 reviews 12,423 reads Updated: 02/09/2012 Britax has the best carseats Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 We bought this carseat over a year ago and my daughter who is now 2 years old still sits in it just fine. Its very easy to install and i have moved it from car to car and can install it very quickly and efficently and always know that my daughter is safe in her seat too. I love all the different fabics that britax offers too. I love this one that we have now and i know that when i have another child we will purchase another britax carseat. I have also had to take apart this carseat more then once do to diaper accidents and wash it, its easy to dissassemble and then reassemble. The carseat cover washes amazingly like its still brand new. We used this seat rear facing first and I kept her rear facing til she was 16 months old and she liked rear facing just as much as she likes forward facing too. It was a very easy transition to change the seat from rear facing to forward facing. I hope my daughter stays in this seat for as long as possible because i know its a realiable seat. Ease of installation 5 Rated 5 out of 5 The latch system makes it very easy to install and take out to clean when needed. Childs comfort 5 Rated 5 out of 5 My child is now 3 years old and still sits in this seat and loves it. Support and safety 5 Rated 5 out of 5 I love that my daughter who is 3 cant get out of it. She cant buckle or unbuckle herself at all! Ease of use 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Design 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review momsdefault 33 reviews 34,675 reads Updated: 02/09/2012 Great car seat, taking them from infancy to booster seat. Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 I really like this car seat. It has a wide range for weight so that it works for a newborn all the way up to 65 pounds! The material is nice and soft and a good neutral color. It has a five-point harness and is easy to fasten. It works well for both rear and front facing positions and can be installed using the latch system or a seat belt. It fit nicely into the seats of both my SUVs. The cover is removable for washing (although it is NOT easy to remove and can be time-consuming to do). I do wish they made the cover lined with a water-proof type backing (I dont know if anyone who makes car seats does this). But trust me, you would want that too after a diaper leak or a vomiting episode. It is great that you can remove the seat cover, but underneath it is the foam which is an important shock absorbing safety feature. The foam is NOT washable except for surface wiping. That is fine when you are only washing the cover due to food/formula/milk spots, but not for the other things I mentioned. Overall, I am so happy with the car seat that I bought the exact same one for my second child. Ease of installation 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Childs comfort 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Support and safety 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Ease of use 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Design 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review holliewoodstarr 12 reviews 13,208 reads Updated: 02/08/2012 Keeps daughter SAFE and comfortable Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 We wanted to keep our daughter rear-facing in the car for as long as possible. This meant that at 10 months, when she had grown too big for her infant carseat, we had to purchase a new seat that could continue to be rear-facing for a long time. After researching many different brands and styles, the Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat fit everything we were looking for. It allows for children to be rear facing from 5-35 pounds, and forward facing from 20-65 pounds - both with a 5-point harness. The fabric cover is very comfortable and has decent padding so the child doesnt feel like theyre just sitting on a hard, plastic seat. Installation was a breeze in our Chevy Trailblazer which has the LATCH system. However, it is also easy to install in my mothers early 90s convertible which has no LATCH at all. Im glad that this carseat will be able to take my daughter through her toddler years right up until the time she needs a booster seat. She gets in it with no fuss and never complains about being uncomfortable. In fact, its a good place for a nap according to her! Ease of installation 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Childs comfort 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Support and safety 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Ease of use 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Design 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review huskerflyboy 5 reviews 3,427 reads Updated: 02/08/2012 Buying the Britax Marathon has been totally worth it to have a s Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 When my son grew out of his infant carrier, I did a lot of research on car seats and eventually decided to go with a Britax Marathon based on its reviews for safety and performance. Now Im so glad I went that direction! My son is now 3, and the seat has been a great purchase. This seat can fit a child from infancy until 60 pounds, so weve had no other need for a different car seat. Its durable and easy to clean no matter what gets spilled on it. Its easy to install and to switch off between vehicles. But probably the best feature is how comfortable its been for my son. It has extra padding for when your child is smaller and needs more cushion around the head area. Plus, theres a fabric swatch around the area where the belt clips in to protect their little legs from getting pinched. This seat did cost more than others I looked at, but the extra expense has been totally worth it to have a safe and comfortable seat for my son that will last until hes ready for a booster, at which time my daughter will move into the seat, and Im confident it will last the whole time for her as well. The only thing Id change about the seat is to add a cup holder. Ease of installation 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Childs comfort 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Support and safety 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Ease of use 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Design 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review codeblack 9 reviews 16,055 reads Updated: 02/13/2012 Comfortable, safe feeling Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 I bought this car seat from a random website and it was a discontinued print, so I was able to purchase it for much less than the full price. It is a very expensive brand and seat. It is a convertible, so it can be used for babies up. I did not use it as a baby seat, so I cannot review that use of it. I bought it when my daughter outgrew the infant car seat. We really like this car seat in our Saturn Vue. It is a SUV and she is the only child. She sits in the middle seat and there is plenty of room. This is, however, a very large seat. When we have needed to put it into our other car, a midsized sedan, it is very cramped. The front seat directly in front of the car seat has to be placed very far forward. I have only used this rear facing so far, so that is also how I am reviewing it. It is recommended to be rear facing until the child reaches 35 lbs, which is more than some convertible car seats. This was another selling point for me as I have read that rear facing is safest for as long as possible. The straps are pretty easy to use, but do get twisted a little often. It has velcro on the sides to hold the straps in place, which is helpful. Im not crazy about the pattern or the light color, it gets dirty easily and is a pretty big job to take off the cover and wash it. The cover does wash in the washer. Overall, I am extrememly satisfied with it, but would consider a different seat if we needed to use it in the car more often and not an SUV. Ease of installation 3 Rated 3 out of 5 Childs comfort 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Support and safety 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Ease of use 4 Rated 4 out of 5 Design 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Durability 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review mollysmommy Facebook verified 17 reviews 29,334 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 I have THREE of these in my Sienna for a 5, 3 and 1 year old Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 When it comes to my childrens safety, I wont compromise. Thankfully my husband is of the same mindset. After much research we decided upon the Britax Marathon and are up to three of them in our Sienna. Our 1 year old is Rear facing and will remain that way until shes at least 2 and the other 2 are forward facing. Why do we love the Marathon so much? Britax stakes its reputation on safety. They are KNOWN for their safety. We found a great deal on a girlie marathon print for my son- guess what? Its been a year and no complaints from him. He rocks the brown and pink car seat. Its safe. 5 pt harness, safety tested time and time again. Its worth the extra money to know your child will be safe if something ever happens. Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (1) Claim this product to reply to review aboggs352450 Facebook verified 9 reviews 9,285 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 The best Britax car seat ever! Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 We love this car seat. It is beautiful, soft, and easy to care for. I bought this for my daughter a while ago and we get so many compiments on it. The cushions are very soft, making it easy on my baby for longer rides. And, she looks very comfy in it. It is very easy to cleanwhen the baby makes a mess. I simple take the cushion off and wash it. Most of the time it is something simple and we can wipe it off easy. My daughter has used this seat for over a year, and it is still in great shape. I also feel that this is a very safe car seat. The seat stays in place while we are going.The sides are tilted in, so if something were to happen the baby should be protected on the sides of her head. The only con that I could think of it you have a smaller car with other seats, is that is it wide. It seems to take up about 1/3 more of the area/space then a lot of other car seats. Overall this car seats meets and exceeds my expectations. Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review ChrissyStoll Facebook verified 10 reviews 9,453 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 This seat will last a long time and is a great value. Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 I bought this car seat in 2008 right after my son turned one. The main reasons I purchased it are: 1) It was rated very highly on the Consumer Reports safety ratings that year (it has since fallen a bit, but still very good), 2) The upper weight limit is 60 lbs instead of the usual limit of 40lbs that I have found on other seats, 3) The Britax name is associated with quality, 4) All of the other moms I talked to who had Britax seats just raved about them. I chose this particular model for both the color, as it matched our dark gray interior, and the price. The cover washes well and looks brand new after laundering. The seat has been easy to use, and seems comfortable for my son. I have since purchased 3 more Britax marathons, 1 for our other vehicle, and 2 for my infant daughter to be used in a few months when she is old enough. We did not use it in the rear facing position, so I dont know how well it would fit in our cars that way. The upper weight limit being 60lbs means that our kids will probably use this seat until theyre old enough for boosters instead of purchasing the cheaper seats with the lower limit and then having to buy an intermediate seat when they are over 40lbs but still too small for the boosters. That makes the price completely worth it in my opinion. My only complaints about the Britax Marathon are that there is not a very padded headrest and no cup holder, but those things are minor when compared to the safety, comfort, longevity, and value of this seat. Reviewer received a sample of this product. Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review DawnWilkinson Facebook verified 3 reviews 7,041 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 A true life saver!!! Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 Before my daughter was born, my husband and I shopped for car seats for months. We finally decided on a travel system. The ride home from the hospital was one of the only rides that was peaceful for her and us. She absolutely hated riding in her seat. She screamed almost the entire time she was in the seat. We tried several other seats and spent hundreds of dollars trying to find a seat that would be comfortable for her. She was then diagnosed with reflux and we learned that the reason she screamed was because she was in pain when laying on her back. Then along came the Britax Marathon. I actually bought it without telling my husband because I knew he would be less than happy with the price. From the moment it was installed, we found peace! The car seat allowed her to sit upright. She LOVED her new seat, but not nearly as much as I did. My daughter is now 4 and we just recently were forced to buy a new booster seat. I hated the day we took the Britax out of the car. I have passed it along to a friend who is expecting any day now with a word of praise. The seat is a little pricey, but it is well worth every penny! Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review becbeck Facebook verified 7 reviews 14,274 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 comfortable seat for my children Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 I purchased my first Britax 4 years ago when I heard some car seat horror stories. The Britax is number one in safety and my children are so very important!! I have 3 Britax car seats and am very pleased with the quality and comfortability of them all. This seat is wonderful because it is good for infants up to 65 pounds. It can be rear facing and forward facing. The material of the seat is amazingly soft and silky. It cleans easily. The buckles are sturdy and easy to use to fasten baby in and take baby out. My children have never complained while riding in this seat. Safety is very important. These seats are a little more costly than other brand seats but the straps never get twisted and they are much safer. They are totally work the extra money. I have had other brand seats that the buckles always got twisted or were hard to buckle. This seat is a great gift for someone having a baby. Reviewer received a sample of this product. Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (3) Claim this product to reply to review MelanieSangerQuickel Facebook verified 10 reviews 6,493 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 more expensive but worth it Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 My daughter outgrew her infant carrier around the 10 month mark. When looking into what new car seat to buy her I kept hearing such great things about the Britax car seats. They seemed so much more expensive than the others. However, after reading the reviews I decided to go for it and spend the extra money. I am so glad I did. This car seat will last my daughter until she is 60 pounds and ready for a booster. It is extremely well made and durable. THe cushions lift out and can be wiped down easily with a wet paper towel or cloth. This is such a nice feature. The cushions are comfortable for her and she likes being in her seat. It would be nice if the seat had a cup holder but, the straps to buckle her in are really easy to use and they stay put. Once in a while they get tangled and I have to spend a few minutes fixing them. My only complaint is that when used as a rear-facing seat it is hard to tighten the straps. Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review MarishannonBaker Facebook verified 21 reviews 20,778 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 you pay more for quality Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 It is true that a no-frills $40 car seat can perform just as well a more expensive Britax, but with the more expensive Britax you are paying for quality and comfort as well as ease of use. I certainly dont want to sit in a plastic box with a sheet over it everyday and the Britax Marathon ensures that your child has the most comfortable ride with lots of padding. I have said more than once that I wish I had a big Britax to climb into in the car! I feel that my child is extremely safe in this seat because of the excellent ratings it gets and the extra testings that the company does above the minimum that is required. I also like the side-impact protection. The seat seems confusing to install at first, but then again, most car seats do. If you read the manual well, it is really not that hard to install and it is much easier to get a great, tight fit in this seat than with many others. Car seats are not supposed to move more than an inch on either side, and this seat ensures that it doesnt move much at all! It is a pain to raise the straps, but since that doesnt get done very often, it wouldnt stop me from buying another one. It rear faces to 35 pounds which is a good thing, though it is a larger seat and takes up a lot of room. Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review DanielleB Facebook verified 19 reviews 39,079 reads Updated: 12/02/2011 Absolutely the BEST, most comfortable, safe and stylish!!!! Overall 5 Rated 5 out of 5 We have owned this exact car seat for 3 years now and absolutely love it. We love it so much that we just bought our son a black one as well. I have another brand convertible car seat for grandma and we both dislike it. I thought I could buy a less expensive one for grandmas car but never should have done that! The Britax Marathon has so many benefits. Its super comfortable. We drive to Florida from Michigan at least once a year and drive straight through the night. Both of our kids sleep in their car seats and never complain and/or are uncomfortable. Of course they get a little antsy from sitting but they sleep comfortably which is why we drive at night. I love this pattern and the fabric is very soft, almost suede feeling. It has comfortable padded covers for the shoulder areas so no rough strap on your little ones neck. It also has the padded piece that goes against the childs belly so the buckle isnt uncomfortable against them. We dont always use that part but it is nice to have on long trips. I think the biggest benefit besides safety is the buckles are much easier to push than other brand car seats. My daughter is almost 4 and still cant unbuckle it but thats okay I would rather her not have her unbuckle herself. However, its easier for me than some other brands. Reviewer received a sample of this product. Report problem with review Submit Vote review helpful (0) Claim this product to reply to review 1 - 15 of 777  1 of 52   Best Convertible Car Seats Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 Car Seat 92 445 reviews est. $ 139 Safety 1st Alpha Omega Elite Convertible Car Seat 89 132 reviews est. $ 300 Graco My Ride 65 Convertible Car Seat 88 175 reviews est. $ 129 Graco ComfortSport Convertible Car Seat 83 126 reviews est. $ 110 Recent Reviews Britax Marathon Classic Convertible Car Seat is comfortable. The Britax Marathon Classic Convertible Car Seat is a comfortable car seat. My child enjoys sitting in her car seat. Its comfortable enough for he... 06/30/2013 Worth the Price Although it is a bit pricey this carseat is definitly worth the cost! 11/27/2012 Top Car Seat Brands Britax 95 Chicco 93 Recaro 93 The First Years 91 Browse categories Write a review Follow us Kitchen Appliances blenders coffee makers dishwashers mixers refrigerators Laundry  Cleaning clothes dryers detergent sewing machines vacuums washing machines Home  Garden air conditioners dog food grills mattresses paint Bath  Beauty acne blemish treatments anti aging skin care hair coloring shampoo sunscreen Health allergy sinus medicine diet pills diets electric toothbrushes vitamins herbs minerals Home About Articles Advertising Support Site Map Privacy  Security Terms of Service BUILT IN CHICAGO Local Viewpoints 2006-2013 Viewpoints. All rights reserved.  