  Home Auto Sales Clients Service Brake Replacement Sitemap Contact Us    Categories maintenance Specials Uncategorized  Recent Posts Maintenance, Maintenance, Maintenance Get Ready for Winter Special Jump into Spring! Vote for us as the Best Auto Repair Center! Car Guys Auto Center in Fraser, Michigan Welcomes You  Archives June 2013 October 2011 April 2011 August 2010 April 2010 February 2010 December 2009 Welcome to Car Guys Auto Center, Fraser Michigan Car Guys Takes the Guessing Out of Repairing Your Car   It’s frustrating when you have a problem with your car, and no repair shop can fix it correctly. At Car Guys in Fraser, they take the guessing out of car repairs. Car Guys will test your car to correctly diagnose the problem, and fix it right the first time. Owner Robert Newman is proud of their new 16,000 square foot location on Groesbeck in Fraser which offers top quality repairs on all makes and models of vehicles. “Many people think they have to bring certain types of repairs to a dealer, but we can fix it and fix it right,” Robert says. The repair shop, which was formerly located in downtown Mt. Clemens, has big plans for the new facility, including an enhanced customer waiting area and an indoor showroom. They can handle all types of repairs such as brakes, suspension and steering, heating and cooling, and even more complicated electrical and computer issues. And they fix it all with a 12 month, 12,000 mile warranty in most cases. “I have built my business on honesty,” Robert says, “and that’s what brings customers back.” Car Guys lets the customer have a say in their automotive repairs, by offering several options on replacement parts. “Other shops will replace a part with one that gives them the largest profit margin,” Robert adds, pointing out that they give their customers options on their repairs and pricing so they can stay within their budget. “We can offer O.E.M., after market and even used and rebuilt parts. It gives customers choices, And they like our honesty and fairness” “We won’t advertise a low price just to get you in the door,”Robert says. “Our warranty, quality of service and prices can’t be beat.” Car Guys is located at: 32639 Groesbeck between Masonic and 14 Mile in Fraser, Michigan Open Monday thru Friday 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Phone 586-285-4444 for more information. Let Car Guys repair your car without The guessing!                    Bookmark It  Hide Sites  Comments are closed.  Tags  48026 Alarms automobile Auto Repair Auto Service axle Best Auto Shop Metro Detroit Car Guys Auto Center brakes Car Guys Car Guys Auto Center car repair Cars differential Electrical Fraser gear gears inspection inspections Macomb County maintenance Michigan New Tires oil change Rear End repair ring and pinion service suspension tire rotation Trucks Used Parts Used Tires Copyright © 2009 - Car Guys Auto Center | 32639 Groesbeck Hwy, Fraser, Michigan 48026 | 586-285-4444  Powered by Spyder Byte Media, Inc. 