 Maps of World We do magic to Maps World Maps North America Map South America Map Europe Map Asia Map Africa Map Australia Map USA Map Buy Maps  World Map / Chad Map / Arts and Entertainment in Chad  What's New? CheckourBlog Chad Map Political Map of Chad Where is Chad Chad Outline Map Chad Physical Map Chad Cities Map Chad Lat Long Map Chad Google Map Chad Mineral Map Chad River Map Outline Map of Chad in deutsch Download Free Map of Chad in PDF, JPEG, GIF, PNG & PCX Formats World Map in Arabic World Map in French Buy Chad Maps About Chad Facts about Chad Chad Flag Ndjamena, Capital of Chad Independence day of Chad Chad Population Chad Geography Chad Society and Culture Education in Chad More Information Healthcare in Chad Chad Travel Tourist Attractions in Chad Hotels in Chad Major Cities in Chad N'Djamena Map Abeche Map Bongor Map Kelo Map Koumra Map Mongo Map Moundou Map Pala Map Sarh Map  Arts and Entertainment in Chad  Chad-arts and entertainment includes important contribution from the electronic media and theatrical performances. Chad-arts and entertainment is a broad sphere, which has been highly commercialized in the recent times. Arts and entertainment in Chad plays a pivotal role in bringing about a positive change in the society of Chad. Entertainment Provided through Television and Radio The television channels, which provide authentic news, regional Chadian serials and programs, are a vital source of entertainment. Even the radio stations broadcast a wide variety of news and interesting chat-shows that not only entertain the general public but also makes them aware of the current political, social and economic scenario of their country. Entertainment Provided through Music and other Performing Arts The culture of rap and pop music is very much prevalent in Chad. Even the tribal cultural dancing is commonly seen in the rural areas of Chad. There are many local Chadian festivals and occasions, which are an integral part of arts and entertainment of Chad. Some popular artistic personalities also carry out workshops and classes in order to spread the various kinds of art forms such as painting, dancing, singing and acting. There are some well-known theaters in Chad where performing arts such as acting, mono-acting and mimicry are conducted. There are many cinema- halls where regional as well as English movies are shown to the Chadian audience. Entertainment provided through Restaurants and Eateries Due to the presence of restaurants and hotels in Chad people have the choice of experimenting with a wide variety of cuisines especially Chinese, continental and Thai cuisines other than the typical Chad cuisine. These restaurants offer a good ambiance along with superb food. For further reference browse through the following links: Chad Television Chad Radio Chad Restaurants  Click on any of the below sections for its Information  Country Maps US Map Canada Map Mexico Map Costa Rica Map UK Map Germany Map Italy Map France Map Spain Map Russia Map Singapore Map New Zealand Map Brazil Map Argentina Map China Map India Map Japan Map South Africa Map Egypt Map Ireland Map Israel Map City Maps LA Map London Map Chicago Map Paris Map NYC (New York City) Map Sydney Map Rome Map Tokyo Map Hong Kong Map Delhi Map All about Maps New Maps World Political Map World Atlas World Map in Different Languages World Physical Map World Map Printable World Map - Image US Map - Image Thematic Maps Travel Maps Honeymoon Destinations World Travel Destinations US National Parks World Top Ten Maps Earthquake Maps Oceans Map Mineral Maps Location Maps Weather Map Rail Maps Road Maps River Maps Air Routes Map History Maps Outline Maps World Weather Chart World Language Map World Time Zone Map Wall Maps Map Quiz Utilities Map Games Route Planner Flight Schedule International Airports Landkarten Weltkarte Kontinentkarten Europakarte Deutschlandkarte Country Information World Lat-Long Maps Flags of the World Projection Maps Countries and Capital Connect with us Facebook Twitter Apps RSS Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter Download Free Maps | Infographics | About Us | Media Kit 2013 | Advertise With Us | Feedback | Sitemap | Privacy Policy Compare Infobase Ltd. 