  - AEN: this is the webcammatteo 111599 012600 020800- Tue, 27 Aug 2013 13:03:52 -0500 new mood?  red  orange  yellow  green  blue  indigo  violet  okay, try this  soundtrack? Network Congestion gty.ch4 Mars Chicago O'Hare bonus Purple Haze Symph. for Dot Matrix Printers  daily MeMe READ, LISTEN, WATCH explore unbuild make play tell   Natural Selection matteo 012800this randomly includes one of a number of cfm files. Natalie Bookchin The Intruder Jenny Holzer Please Change Beliefs Lynn Hershman Leeson Tillie the TeleroboticDoll MTAA V-TAV: The ADS Show Mongrel Natural Selection Alexei Shulgin Remedy for Information Disease top 10 Link o'the day     Diane Caney + Robin Petterd  Archiving Imagination    Marc Lafia The Vanndemar Memex or Lara Croft Stripped Bare by her Assassins, Even C5 1:1 Thursdays, 11.00pm GMT entropy8zuper! Wirefire Robbin Murphy Wrestling Tips from the Coach/Curator South to the Future C-SPAM Personalize? membership homepage  RTMark Featured Projects Jennifer + Kevin McCoy Airworld David Crawford Charming One Bedroom Vuk Cosic ASCII History of Moving Images Daniel Garca Andjar Technologies to the People     Masaki Fujihata  Light On the Net      daily poll Maciej Wisniewski  Jackpot +  Turnstile II Prema Murthy Bindigirl Claude Closky Calendar 2000 Word.com +  Eric Zimmerman SiSSY FiGHT 2000     I/O/D 5:    .    Piotr Szyhalski Amends Ken Goldberg + BobFarzin Dislocation of Intimacy weather     Marc Lafia + DanielCoffeen  Hyperdiction   Andy Deck Icontext     Olia Lialina  Agatha appears   Mark Amerika PHON:E:ME Joachim Blank + Karl Heinz Jeron Dump Your Trash! + re-m@il Margaret Crane/JonWinet Democracy-The Last Campaign email trash  Natalie Bookchin + Alexei Shulgin Universal Page June Houston The GhostWatcher Auriea Harvey An Anatomy Patrick Lichty Grasping at Bits: Art and Intellectual Control in the Digital Age     Cary Peppermint  Pro Girl    Sawad Brooks + BethStryker with Guest Editor GeertLovink DissemiNET Melinda Rackham [ carrier ] help privacy policy copyright  Lev Manovich Freud-Lissitzky Navigator Mark Napier bots Michal Samyn I Confess Julia Scher please enter...NOW! Vivian Selbo open_source     Sensorium  Breathing Earth   Eugene Thacker ftp_formless_anatomy Change Your Star Sign freshen  up? Natalie Jeremijenko Market Research 12.00am GMT Eddo Stern Summons to Surrender ADS# 1003  SWM, 30ish, non-professional seeks you, the way you were when you held a desire for your future - a future full of options that you saw stretching forward to an undefined point - a future that you now see moving further and further away. Yes, I know that I can not have a meaningful relationship with a you that no longer exists, but I am willing to give it a try. Please, no smokers or ex-vegetarians.  Respond  to an AD?  Your javascript is disabled which means this really won't be as much fun, nor will some of the stuff make very much sense. Turn it back on and join the party, why don't you? 