 Autos.com Car Pricing  Home Car Pricing Car Pricing  For many consumers, dealing with car pricing can be one of the most daunting aspects of the vehicle buying experience. Understanding a few of the many factors that contribute to the price of an automobile may help make the process of purchasing or leasing a car a little easier. MSRP (Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price) One of the most commonly heard phrases related to car pricing is MSRP, or manufacturer's suggested retail price. Often known as the "sticker price," MSRP refers to the recommended amount that a manufacturer thinks a dealer should charge for a particular vehicle make and model. MSRP was designed to help create a standard for prices among various retailers. It is also meant to indicate the price of a car before fees for taxes, shipping and registration are applied. MSRP usually excludes add-on features such as moon or sunroofs and certain stereo components. An important point to remember is that dealers do not have to sell a car for the suggested retail price. New or popular vehicles in particular may sometimes sell for well over the MSRP. Invoice Pricing Another key term related to car pricing is invoice pricing. Generally, this refers to the wholesale amount paid by a dealer to buy a vehicle from a manufacturer. This price is typically the same for dealers throughout the country, and may be viewable to consumers at many car manufacturer's websites. The invoice price is often used by the dealer to help negotiate a vehicle's final price. One common sales strategy is for dealerships to advertise their cars as selling at or below invoice price. While these are just two important concepts related to car pricing, understanding what MSRP and invoice pricing are and how car dealers use them may help when it comes time to visit your local showroom. Car Pricing General Information Why Do Car Pricing Quotes Vary? Finding Used Car Prices: Free Ads Consumer Reports: New Car Price Services Cost Where to Find the Best Truck Prices on the Web Finding the Best Car Prices Used Car Prices: Free Ads Car Quotes Mades Simple Car Leasing Quotes Made Easy The Best Sites for Auto Quotes Where to Find a Car Price List You Can Trust See All Car Pricing Tips Used Truck Pricing Made Simple The Best Web Sites for Car Quotes Where to Get Auto Quotes Buying an Auto: Diminished Value Cars How to Estimate Auto Costs 4 Great Car Quote Tips Where to Get General Car Quote Information Guides: Car Prices and Finding Deals Buying Very Cheap Used Cars Getting Cheaper Car Dealer Prices See All Hybrid Pricing What Are the Running Costs of a Hybrid Car What Are Average Electric Car Costs? Average SUV Hybrid Prices The Hidden Costs of Hybrid Cars What is the Real Cost of a Hybrid Car? Car Pricing: Hybrid and Electric Vehicles See All New Car Pricing The 7 Best Sites for Car Prices Online 5 Great Tips for Negotiating a Car Price The New Car Price Guide Where to Find Average New Car Prices Price Comparisons: Cars Finding Better Than Average New Car Prices How to Negotiate Car Prices like a Pro How to Pay Less Than Sticker Price on a New Car Six Great Sites for New Car Quotes What Are the Hidden Costs of Buying a New Car? See All Truck Pricing The Best Used Trucks to Buy: A Performance Cost Comparison Guide The Best Truck to Buy Based on Price, MPG, and Consumer Ratings and Reviews The Best 3 Web Sites for Truck Pricing Where to Find Good Pickup Truck Prices On the Net 4x4 Pricing Guide Where to Find a Used Truck Bumper Where to Find the Best Truck Prices Your Guide to Used Chevrolet Truck Pricing How to Figure out If a Truck Price Is Fair Used Truck Part Pricing: What to Expect See All Used Car Pricing Do Dealers take Trade Ins with a Salvage Title? Will a Dealer Ever Pay Full Kelley Blue Book Trade In Value Prices? Why is there a Difference Between Kelley Blue Book and NADA Trade In Value? What Do Car Dealers Base their Trade In Price On? 4 Sources for an Accurate Used Car Price List Determining the Used Car Wholesale Price How to Do a Quick Used Car Price Check What to Look for in Cheap Used Cars 4 Steps to Estimate a Used Car's Value The Best Places to Find a Used Car Quote See All  Topics in Car Pricing Car Pricing General Information Car Pricing Tips Hybrid Pricing New Car Pricing Truck Pricing Used Car Pricing  Aftermarket Parts Auto Insurance Auto Loans Auto Repair Car Buying Car Maintenance Car Pricing Car Rentals Driving And Safety  Autos.com Affiliate Program Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Dealer Inquiries How Models are Ranked Tech Support Autos.com is an company. Copyright 2004-2010 Autos.com, Inc. About Us Search by Model Search by Class Home 