  Tweet Austin | Dallas | Houston  Home Arts/Entertainment City Life Fashion/Style Food/Drink Home/Design Real Estate Social Scene Sports Travel   Arts/Entertainment  Day of the Dead On The Way Better hurry! Enthuastic artists snatch up tins - again - to create Dia de Los Muertos retablos By Barbara Kuntz 08.27.13 | 02:18 pm  Some 300 Houston artists are having all the fun celebrating Dia de los Muertos a bit early this year. Members of this festive group have tins in hand, ready to ... Unlikely A-List Appearance Johnny Depp makes waves in small Texas town for a weekend of Gulf Coast fishing By Tyler Rudick 08.26.13 | 04:03 pm  The Texas hamlet of Rockport is all abuzz after some strangetwist of fate brought Johnny Depp to the small Gulf Coasttown for an apparent fishing expedition. KIIIChannel ... Book Talk Inprint's literary world tour begins at home: UH novelist Robert Boswell explores Tumbledown lives By Tarra Gaines 08.24.13 | 03:20 pm  Theres been no summer rest for Inprint, Houstons wickedly good literary arts organization. It seems like it only just ended the 30thanniversary season of the Margarett Root ... Ultimate Reality Series The ultimate Reality series: Cult '90s classic set in Houston may be headed to TV By Clifford Pugh 08.24.13 | 01:00 pm  Could this be another Friends ? Reality Bites, the cult 90sfilm that centered around the lives of recent Generation X college grads and was heralded for capturing the essence of ... Classical Music Scandal Longtime Houston Symphony conductor heckled and booed for lame Mozart: No love for Eschenbach By Joel Luks 08.24.13 | 10:01 am  For loyal classical music patrons in the Bayou City, longtime Houston Symphony maestro Christoph Eschenbach is something of a revered celeb whose mere walking on stage elicits standing ovations even ... Now through November Texas Biennial embraces Houston's art fever: City supplants Austin as the No. 1 stop By Tyler Rudick 08.24.13 | 07:02 am  The fifth Texas Biennial kicked off Friday, beginning more than two straight months of gallery shows, speaking engagements and performances from the Lone Star States top working artists. While ... Mondo Cinema Lake Bell finds the funny in voice-over movie: In a World... makes even Eva Longoria entertaining By Joe Leydon 08.23.13 | 03:02 pm  In a world where talented but underemployed people often become multitaskers to control their own destiny . . .Lake Bell has given herself a world-class showcase, and created something hugely entertaining in ... Theater District Cheat Sheet Art discounts: How to take advantage of Theater District Open House and save big bucks By Joel Luks 08.23.13 | 11:51 am  For two decades, the Theater District Open House has created an alliance between the many moving parts that make Downtown Houston a destination for world-class productions. The family-friendly, day-long, free ... The CultureMap Interview Texas director looks to classic '70s outlaw films for Sundance fave, Ain't Them Bodies Saints By Alex Bentley 08.23.13 | 08:34 am  Dallas writer/director David Lowerys sophomore feature film, Aint Them Bodies Saints , has gotten buzz almost from the moment it was announced. Featuring an enviable cast of young ... Bridal Buzz Kelly Clarkson cancels lavish wedding but still plans "happily ever after" ending By Claire St. Amant 08.22.13 | 12:15 pm  The lavish October wedding between Kelly Clarkson and Brandon Blackstockis off. And although Clarkson knows all too well that what doesnt kill you makes you stronger, in this ... Love on Top Beyoncé songs put new twist on classic fairy tale in "Cinderoncé" By Clifford Pugh 08.22.13 | 08:30 am  Queen Bey is now a princess, too. A new video posted on YouTube by former American Idol semi-finalist Todrick Hall uses songs by the pop superstar to tell the classic ... Alien end times Shaun of the Dead team tackle extraterrestrial invaders in The World's End By Joe Leydon 08.21.13 | 03:47 pm  After playing fast and loose with the conventions of zombie thrillers in Shaun of the Dead , and then transporting the tropes of supercop action flicks to a quiet English hamlet ... Music Star in Houston Music superstar already building buzz for Houston Symphony's unconventional opening concert By Joel Luks 08.18.13 | 05:01 pm  Even back in the mid 1990s, students at the Eastman School of Music spoke of alum Rene Flemingwith the same fervor kids these days talk about Beyonc. The ... The Hip Hop Life Drug bust doesn't stop a Houston rapper — the concert goes on despite some TMZ moments By Desiree Alvarez 08.18.13 | 02:39 pm  Its not usually good news when youre caught on camera by TMZ. Just ask Houston rapper RiffRaff. He and two friends were captured on tape as police ... Mondo Cinema Wasting Oprah and big stars galore: The Butler disappoints, fails to live up to the weight of its story By Joe Leydon 08.17.13 | 03:01 pm Lee Daniels The Butler (at Sundance Cinemas and other theaters) is just good enough to make you wish it were much better. The film  originally known simply as The Butler ...  Page: 1 Next  8.26 Chip Kelly lite: Gary Kubiak must embrace high-speed offense — and unleash monster Andre Johnson 8.25 Sean Payton's true secret: The Bountygate comeback run promises an even more innovative offense 8.25 Case Keenum setback? T.J. Yates gets a big boost in Texans QB battle 8.17 Inside HISD's massive food services operation: Where does that school lunch come from? 8.9 Bun B and the Mayor partner up again — and this time, there are winning videos 7.27 A giant puzzle mural sends a powerful message while beautifying a Houston school 27 | aug at 6:00 pm Lambda NextGen Houston's August Happy Hour Hendricks on Kirby 27 | aug at 6:30 pm The Narrative Process Lecture Series: Geoff Hippenstiel Alabama Song 27 | aug at 7:00 pm Lecture: "Shaping Holocaust Memory: The Second and Third Generation Response" with Alan Berger Holocaust Museum Houston 27 | aug at 7:30 pm Interactive Wine Classes at the Tasting Room The Tasting Room—Uptown Park See more events  Not-To-Be-Missed Ceviche Where the NFL/NBA Players Play  Hugos Escalantes-Highland Village Cyclone Anayas Ninfas on Navigation Picos Mex-Mex Del Friscos Double Eagle Steakhouse Vic  Anthony’s Hotel Icon Sushi Raku Yaos Restaurant and Bar at Houston Pavillions (closed) Read full list  Read full list   Places to see an art house movie Shops for the Hip H-Town Man  Sundance Cinemas River Oaks Theatre Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Brown Auditorium 14 Pews Alamo Drafthouse Mason Park Rice Media Center AMC Studio 30 Mortar Reserve Supply Company Kuhl-Linscomb Billy Reid Hamilton Shirts Read full list  Read full list  Indie Coffee Joints Gallery Hopping in The Heights  Tuscany Premium Coffee Brasil Agora Black Hole Café Catalina Coffee Down House The Coffee Groundz Gallery M Squared Hiram Butler Gallery 18 Hands Gallery G Gallery Redbud Gallery Read full list  Read full list  Downtown Watering Holes A-List Art Deco  CharBar The Flying Saucer Draught Emporium Hearsay La Carafe McElroys and Mollys State Bar notsuoH Lawndale Art Center Houston City Hall JPMorgan Chase Building University of Houston — Downtown Macys Downtown Read full list  Read full list   Frosty Sno Cone Stands The Bow Wows of Dog Parks MAMs House of Ice Tampico Tropical Chill Sno Beach Market Square Park Danny Jackson Family Dog Park Congressman Bill Archer Dog Park Millie Bush Dog Park Discovery Green Ervan Chew Dog Park Read full list  Read full list   Imperiled Architecture Happy Hour treats  River Oaks Theatre Alabama Theater Astrodome Rice Museum building Sears Uchi Benjys-Washington Alto Pizzeria (Closed) Bistro Bar Brennans of Houston Flemings-River Oaks Down House Read full list  Read full list   Hotel Bar Great Escapes Cool hotel pools for chilling  The Bar at La Colombe d’Or Hotel Bar Malatesta Monarch Lounge Monnalisa Vinoteca Line and Lariat Hotel Granduca Four Seasons Hotel Hotel ZaZa The St. Regis Hotel Hotel Sorella, CityCentre Westin Houston Memorial City Read full list  Read full list   Late Night Bites Quirky Houston attractions  Spanish Flowers BBs Cajun Café Franks Pizza House of Pies Theos Smith  Wollensky La Tapatia Taqueria Beer Can House National Museum of Funeral History Orange Show Center for Visionary Art Anderson Fair Glenwood Cemetery Read full list  Read full list   Free Museum Days Swell Party Venues  The Menil Collection Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Contemporary Arts Museum Houston Houston Museum of Natural Science Childrens Museum of Houston Holocaust Museum Houston Blaffer Art Museum The Corinthian Goodes Armadillo Palace Hotel ZaZa Houston House of Blues Houston Hudson Lounge La Colombe dOr Lucky Strike Lanes Read full list  Read full list   Cupcake Heaven Test Drives: Todays hottest cars  Sprinkles Cupcakes Crave Cupcakes Sugarbabys Cupcake Boutique Ooh La La Dessert Boutique Dessert Gallery-Kirby Celebrity Cupcakes Jodycakes Formula One technology hits the streets: A sneak peek at McLarens new supercar Revving up summer in the 2011 Chevy Camaro convertible: Does the top down love stack up? A sporty new Range Rover thats big on style: CultureMap previews the new Evoque The Ford Mustang GT convertible is the original pony car, but is it the best? An exotic tour of the town with Houston Motor Club: Inside the culture of hot car swapping Volvo S60 T5 strives to be a little naughty, but with nifty features it sure is nice The comeback kid: Chrysler experiences a renaissance with the 200 and 300 Read full list  Read full list    Houston news, views + events  Special offers + exclusive deals  News you can eat  Curated experiences at exclusive prices  We will not share or sell your email address Please verify your e-mail by following the link we just sent you. Look for an e-mail from CultureMap mailer@culturemap.com 8/15 Ciao down: Galveston's Grotto restaurant brings top-notch Italian right to the Gulf beachfront 8/9 Stay and play: Boutique boardwalk hotel beckons just south of Houston 7/26 Get in the swim of things: Vegas-style pool lounge gets summertime just right in Galveston 8/9 A truck that's not just tough, but city stylish: Ram changes the pickup game 7/24 RAM & CultureMap: Dine Around Houston continues with a chef-driven foodie event 7/10 Dine Around Houston: RAM and CultureMap partner on the foodie event of the summer 8/6 Dining out at CITYCENTRE: Not-to-miss menus for Houston Restaurant Weeks 7/1 Summer fun at CITYCENTRE: How to spend the hot nights at Houston's coolest spot 6/11 Driving development in west Houston: CITYCENTRE plans more expansions in multi-use complex 08.27.13 03:24 pm Brazen Montrose home invasion has neighborhood on edge 08.27.13 02:18 pm Better hurry! Enthuastic artists snatch up tins - again - to create Dia de Los Muertos retablos 08.27.13 02:06 pm Move over Zara and H: Topshop is headed to Houston 08.27.13 12:41 pm Is a historic yet crumbling house the next Midtown hotspot? 08.27.13 11:51 am Shooting at Washington Ave. Denny's leaves one customer dead and an employee wounded Home | About Us | News Tips  Suggestions | Submit An Event | Advertise | Terms  Conditions | Privacy Policy | Turn Mobile View On  2009-2013 CultureMap LLC. All Rights Reserved.  Houston news, views + events  Special offers + exclusive deals  News you can eat  Curated experiences at exclusive prices  We will not share or sell your email address Please verify your e-mail by following the link we just sent you. Look for an e-mail from CultureMap mailer@culturemap.com Celebrate Legacy's Annual Community Health Services Luncheon Catch Ted Cruz and Wendy Davis at Texas Tribune Festival RSVP to Dine Around Houston with Fusion Taco  