 Cars  Motorcycles  games  photos  Videos  Contact Us Top Speed search form manufacturers manufacturers Acura Alfa-Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Dacia Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Koenigsegg Lamborghini Landrover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Mahindra Maserati Maybach Mazda Mclaren Mercedes Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Peugeot Pontiac Porsche Renault Rolls Royce Saab Scion Seat Skoda SRT Subaru Suzuki Tata Tesla Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen Volvo view all manufacturers (254) categories research body style convertible minivans vans Station-Wagon(...) coupe pickup trucks suv crossover sedan trucks hatchback car class classic cars green cars prototype compact cars limousine race cars concept cars luxury cars rally cars cool fast cars midsize cars roadster economy cars muscle cars small family cars fullsize cars Sports Utility / sports cars enthusiast topics auctions car watches government safety auto shows Celebrity Cars green cars special editions awards design study guide speed car commercials drag racing history Spy Shots and(...) car crash drifting industry news stupid car gift ideas drivers jay leno garage technology car girls emissions news topgear car movies formula 1 new cars topspeed garage car of the year fuel Accessories top ten car racing funny police cars video car tuning future cars rumors world record car video games view all categories (568) auto shows auto shows Beijing Auto Show Essen Motor Show New York Auto Show SEMA Auto Show British Motor Show Frankfurt Auto Show Paris Motor Show Shanghai auto show Chicago Auto Show Geneva Motor Show Pebble Beach Concours Tokyo Motor Show Detroit Auto Show Los Angeles Auto Show Spyshots Future Cars crossover crossover Pictures (7391) Videos (144) A crossover SUV or XUV is an automobile with a sport utility vehicle appearance but is built upon a more economical and fuel-efficient car-based platform. 2015 Mercedes GLA45 AMG Posted on 08.26.2013 16:00 by Simona Up to this point, everyone knows that Mercedes is about to unveil a small A-Class -based SUV named the GLA . While until now our spy photographers have caught only the standard version during its testing sessions. Today, however, the GLA45 AMG has been caught testing for the first time. In fact, Mercedes decision to also offer an AMG version for the upcoming GLA-Class is genius, considering that we are going to see a production version of the Audi RS Q3 Concept . This GLA45 AMG prototype was caught testing in the freezing cold of Nothern Sweden. When compared to a standard version, this prototype features dual exhaust pipes, bigger wheels and cross-drilled brakes. Our spy photographers also noted that when it drive off in full throttle it confirmed the fact that it was indeed an AMG version. The Mercedes GLA45 AMG is powered by a 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine that delivers a total of 350 horsepower. The engine is mated to a seven-speed AMG Speedshift MCT dual-clutch gearbox that sends the power to all four wheels. The standard GLA-Class will be unveiled in September at the 2013 Frankfurt Motor Show and we expect the AMG version to arrive in early 2014. Updated 8/26/2013: We have created a pair of renderings of the upcoming GLA45 AMG based on the spy shots we have received. You can see them up close after the jump. More gallery: 2015 Mercedes GLA45 AMG   2016 Jaguar XQ-type Posted on 08.26.2013 08:00 by Tom Burkart Details about the new Jaguar XQ-type midsize crossover are emerging from Coventry ahead of the $45,000 models expected debut next month in Frankfurt . Exclusive TopSpeed renderings offer a speculative glimpse at the styling of this make-or-break next generation of aluminum models. Twinned with the XQ-type is the Q-type sedan, which will be the smallest models in Jaguar s range outside of the F-type sports cars. The XQ-type aims for the sweet spot of the premium crossover market occupied by the Audi Q5 and BMW X3, each of which are formidable competition for Jaguars first American family SUV. Fast-tracking the XQ-types ‘PLA’ code name aluminum chassis and body panels means this new compact benefits from both a nimble chassis and the best current and future components in the Jaguar Land Rover parts bin. Both the XF s 2.0-liter four-cylinder and the supercharged V-6 are expected, with the latter to offer Jags new Instinctive AWD as seen on both the U.S.-market XF and XJ. A sporty bias for The XQ-type offers enough space between this model and the Land Rover SUVs, and the XQ is even likely to run as a rear-drive model in base configurations. The XQs performance will be closely benchmarked against its German rivals, with further R and R-S options on the table. The beauty of this chopped-length PLA architechture, which will also underpin the new XF and XK, is that even the compact models will be quite wide and should be able to fit the firms rorty supercharged V-8 under that shapely bonnet. Is this the dream Jag for sporty crossover shoppers? Click past the jump to stare into the future of the Jaguar XQ-type, which is a sure thing to be officially imported into the U.S. as a late 2015 or early 2016 model. More 2013 Nissan Juke Star Wars Edition Posted on 08.25.2013 06:00 by Kirby Garlitos + The popularity of the Nissan Juke came as a surprise to a lot of people. Wed like to think that Nissan knew what it had from the very beginning, but its hard to argue that even it couldnt have expected the kind of traction the funky crossover has achieved in the short time that its been around. The Jukes popularity has even translated to a number of special edition models, including the Juke-R , the Juke Nismo , and arguably most peculiar, the Juke Dark Knight Rises Edition . The Dark Knight Rises Edition, in particular, ushered in a new approach that Nissan is once again taking advantage of with another unique movie franchise collaboration. Set to be unveiled on the 26th of August, Nissan went ahead and teased the Juke Star Wars Edition. Mercifully, the automaker didnt use Jar Jar Binks in the teaser, opting for the far cooler Storm Troopers to drop hints on what we can expect when the Juke Star Wars Edition breaks cover tomorrow. As somebody who grew up loving the franchise, this is one car that Im getting giddy just imagining what itd look like. Fortunately, the wait wont be that long of a wait. Click past the jump to watch the teaser video of the Nissan Juke Star Wars Edition More Source: Nissan Japan Spy Shots: 2015 BMW X4 Caught on German Streets Posted on 08.23.2013 10:00 by Justin Cupler + The BMW lineup shifting continues beyond the addition of the 2 Serie s and 4 Series with an all-new crossover SUV that it has dubbed the X4. Positioned just below the existing X6 , we expect this SUV to carry the same underpinnings as the X3, as well as its engine lineup here in the U.S., but to feature a body style more similar to the X6. This was made evident by the X4 concept that BMW unveiled recently and now our spy photographers caught on in action. Our spy shooters caught this miniature X6 testing out in the open on roads in Germany. A less keen eye may have chocked this up as a new X6, but its smaller proportions were a dead giveaway to our photographers keen eyes. Though the 2015 X4 rides on the same platform as the X3, it does sit lower and wider, which means this sporty SUV will likely handle significantly better than its X3 donor. Engines will likely include a 2.0-liter turbocharged engine in the X4 xDrive28i and a 3.0-liter turbocharged six-cylinder with 306 horsepower in the X4 xDrive35i. We may also see an xDrive35is model with a few extra horses. click past the jump to see the spy shots up close.   gallery: 2015 BMW X4 Concept    More 2013 BMW X5 eDrive Concept Posted on 08.22.2013 15:00 by Tom Burkart BMW revealed the concept X5 eDrive today ahead of its public debut at next months Frankfurt Auto Show . This BMW -developed plug-in hybrid powertrain looks quite promising: it maintains the xDrive AWD systems torque split ability to all four wheels even when running in hybrid or full electric mode. Cabin space is said to be only marginally trimmed from the advanced Li-ion battery pack under the rear cargo tray area - but the real headline is a sprint time that is still under 7 seconds and an all-electric cruising range of 19 miles at speeds up to 75 mph. This BMW eDrive concept is the second time a plug-in hybrid has emerged from Munich  the first being 2012s Active Tourer  a front-drive MPV heading for launch in a few years. Of course, BMWs i brand also has some striking electrified models waiting in the wings with the i8 and i3 - both of which are scheduled for big launch news during the companys Frankfurt press conferences. The concept X5 eDrive tests the mood for a future plug-in hybrid luxury SUV, but brings numerous technological advancements so far unseen from the smash-hit Lexus RX450h and supercharged seven-seat 2014 Nissan Pathfinder Hybrid . As currently planned, the X5 eDrive will lag behind the main models to market by about a year - for a projected late fall 2014 arrival in American showrooms. Click past the jump to read the full preview of the 2013 BMW Concept X5 eDrive and check out the image gallery of the full i8 -style makeover of this popular luxury crossover. More 2014 Land Rover Range Rover Evoque Posted on 08.22.2013 13:00 by Justin Cupler + The Range Rover Evoque has quickly become the hottest-selling model in Land Rover s lineup and isnt showing any signs of slowing down for 2014, thanks to a new release from the automaker. While all of the specifics of the 2014 Evoque are still unknown, Land Rover UK has outlined some of the technological advancements the model will carry into 2014  we assume these will be a part of the 2014 U.S.-spec Evoque too. The global Evoque lineup will carry three different engines: a 150 horsepower 2.2-liter diesel, a 190-horsepower 2.2-litrer diesel and a 2.0-liter gasoline engine with 240 horsepower. The U.S. market will certainly receive the 2.0-liter engine, but it may also gain one of the two diesel offerings in 2014. These engines all link up to an all-new nine-speed ZF-sourced transmission, which has unperceivable shifts and wide spread of gear ratios to make for smooth acceleration and excellent fuel economy. Also new for 2014 is the Active Driveline, which according to Land Rover is an "on-demand" four-wheel drive system that enhances agility and improves fuel economy, thanks to it deactivating the rear wheels at speeds over 22 mph. However, should the Evoque need that extra grip over 22 mph, the system takes less than 300 milliseconds to activate the rear wheels. Additionally, an E-Diff on the rear delivers Torque Biasing between the rear wheels for optimal traction and control. Safety features also take center stage in 2014, as the Evoque will feature Park Exit to help you pull out of parallel parking spots; Perpendicular Park to automatically center the SUV in a parking bay; Closing Vehicle Sensing and Reverse Traffic Detection to warn the driver of traffic behind the vehicle; Lane Departure Warning; Traffic Sign Recognition; and Wade Sensing. Also included will be Land Rover InControl Remote to contact emergency services in the event of an accident or Land Rover Assist in the event of technical issues, and Land Rover InControl Secure to track the vehicle in the event of a theft. And finally, there are a few aesthetic changes that include minor detail changes on the exterior, new colors for the interior, four new alloy wheels and revised :and Rover badges. More details will come as we get closer to the models release in Europe in the third quarter of 2013. Click past the jump to read more about the 2014 Range Rover Evoque More 2013 Nissan Juke Nismo by Senner Tuning Posted on 08.20.2013 17:00 by Justin Cupler + The Nissan Juke has surprisingly been one hot seller, especially in Europe, and the Juke Nismo is particularly hot. With a 197-horsepower 1.6-liter in tow, it is really no surprise that it is such a popular model. Well, Senner Tuning is about to make the Juke Nismo even more desirable to you by offering up a comprehensive kit that makes the peppy crossover pop both aesthetically and performance-wise. The Ingelhein-based tuner started by dousing the Juke in a black metallic Z11 paintjob, then it installed candy red-painted, carbon-fiber mirror caps for some extra contrast. A set of 9-by-20-inch Barracuda Tzunamee wheels in "Glossy Black" with red spoke accents and red center caps  matching the mirror caps  make their appearance on the corners wrapped in Vredestein Ultrac Sessanta tires sized 255/30R20. To help the rims fill the wheel wells perfectly and to bring the center of gravity down, Senner also installed a set of 35 mm (1.4-inch) lowering springs. Senner then took to task under the hood, installing its ECU software, a performance air filter and a stainless-steel exhaust system with 130-by-105 mm (5.1-by-4.1-inch) tailpipes. These updates took the Juke Nismo up from 197 horsepower to 225 horsepower  a 14-percent increase. Not too bad for so little work. With the Juke Nismo included, this total package comes in at €37,650 ($50,545 at the current exchange rate), but you can opt to upgrade your existing model for €7,990 ($10,726). Click past the jump to see the package in a little more detail More gallery: 2013 Nissan Juke Nismo by Senner Tuning   Spy Shots: 2015 Mercedes-Benz GLA 45 AMG Caught Lapping Nurburgring Posted on 08.19.2013 11:00 by Justin Cupler + Last week, Mercedes released the GLA250 to its U.S. customers, but we still have yet to get an undisguised look at the upcoming GLA 45 AMG . Since Mercedes decided to leave us in the dark on the powerful crossover, our spy photographers decided to hang out at Nϋrburgring Nordschleife in an attempt to catch the crossover lapping the famed course. Well, their diligence paid off, as they managed to catch the GLA 45 AMG doing a few hot laps around Nϋrburgring. The AMG variant will, of course, feature the same basic shape as the standard GLA250, but with plenty of aggressive styling additions to give the GLA-Class a sportier look. Under its hood, we expect the GLA 45 AMG to carry a turbocharged 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine with 350 to 360 horsepower on tap. We also assume the that AMG variant of this sporty crossover will carry the same transmission as the GLA250 with standard 4MATI all-wheel drive. We anticipate the GLA 45 AMG coming in around €50,000 ($66,795) in Europe, but were not too sure if it will make its way across the pond to U.S. showrooms. Click past the jump to read more about the model that our spy photographers caught testing More 2013 Kia B-Segment Concept Posted on 08.9.2013 09:00 by Justin Cupler + The Frankfurt Auto Show is ramping up nicely and it will kick off in just a few weeks on September 10th. With the show quickly approaching all of the key players in the automotive realm are in full teasing mode. Even Kia has gotten into the teasing game, as it released a few teaser images of a B-segment concept that will debut in Frankfurt. The teaser images dont give up too many details, but we can tell that this is a sleek compact crossover that features almost GT-R -like headlights and what appear to be gull-wing doors. Also evident on from the images is the staple Kia grille outlined in yellow and underscored by large fog lights that make it stand out from the shadows. Also highlighted in yellow are the side-view mirrors and wipers. The interior image shows us s super-modern theme with a one-piece front seat, a knob-selector transmission and a sleek dashboard. We can also make out the same yellow highlights surrounding the air vents as surround the front grille. The neon yellow highlight also finds its way onto what look to be paddle shifter behind the steering wheel. Short of those key details that are evident in the teaser images, the rest of the car is up in the air. We assume that because this is a city car concept that it will feature a small-displacement engine or possibly a hybrid setup for optimal fuel economy. By zooming in on the interior image, we also can make out that this model will feature all-wheel drive, hill decent control and an electric parking brake  these are evident by a series of labeled buttons on the dashboard. Judging by the fact that this concept only appeared on Kias UK site, we can assume that this is concept is gauging only UK customer interest . Click past the jump to read more about this concept More 2013 Mazda CX-9 Posted on 08.8.2013 17:00 by Tom Burkart The revised CX-9 follows on company’s hot streak of stylish new models like the Mazda3 and Mazda6 sedan. New LED lights and a slinky Kodo grille revamp the face of Mazda ’s largest and most expensive model. The seven-seater CX-9 carries over its previous 3.7-liter V-6 in front or AWD configurations. Paired to the crossovers singing engine is a premium Aisin six-speed automatic with sport and manual modes. A 60 mph sprint time in the mid 7 second range shows off the CX-9’s impressive chassis design – even without the SkyActiv banner that helps build buzz around the smaller CX-5 . Refined but sporty damping helps this full-size Mazda crossover to be quite competitive in the $35,000 large crossover segment, and the new gearstick design is a classy touch. Mazda is firmly in touch with premium buyer needs by the looks of the interior, and the CX-9’s revised cabin maintains the stylish vertical accent bars up the sides of the center stack. Touchscreen technology and rear-seat movies are offered in the plush Mazda CX-9, but what are its key advantages over the Honda Pilot and Toyota Highlander ? Click past the jump for the full review of the 2013 Mazda CX-9, including the features and pricing by trim level and a large photo gallery of the new styling. More 1 2 3 4 5 next > 2014 Land Rover Range Rover Evoque 2013 Mazda CX-9 2014 Honda CR-V 2014 BMW X1 M Sport sDrive28i 2014 Volvo XC70 crossover reviews 2020 Toyota Venza by Lotus*  2016 Audi A4 Superavant*  Jaguar XQ-type*  Report: Revised Land Rover Defender(...)* 2015 Mercedes GLA45 AMG  BMW X4 Concept*  Buick Anthem* Infiniti Q30*  Porsche Macan*  Volkswagen Touareg CC*  2014 Audi Q5  BMW X1 M Sport sDrive28i  Buick Enclave  Cadillac SRX  Chevrolet Captiva Sport  Chevrolet Equinox  Fiat 500L  Fiat 500X  Ford Explorer Sport  Honda CR-V  Jeep Patriot  Kia Sorento  Kia Soul  Land Rover Range Rover Evoque  Lincoln MKC  Mazda CX-5  Nissan Juke NISMO RC Prototype Subaru Forester  Subaru XV Crosstrek Hybrid  Suzuki SX4  Volvo XC70  Dodge Journey SRT6* Jaguar Crossover*  Mercedes B-Class EV*  Volvo XC90*  2013 Acura Concept SUV-X  Audi allroad  Audi Q1  BMW Concept Active Tourer  BMW Concept Active Tourer Outdoor  BMW X6  BMW X6 M  Buick Encore  Chevrolet Captiva Freedom Rider(...)  Chevrolet Traverse  Chevrolet Traverse to debut at New(...)  Citroen DSX Concept  Ford Flex  Fornasari RR99  GMC Terrain Denali  Honda Crosstour Concept  Hyundai ix35 Fuel Cell Vehicle  Infiniti FX37  Kia B-Segment Concept  Kia Cross GT Concept  Kia Sorento  Kia Soul Shaker  Lexus RX  Lexus RX 450h  Lexus RX F-Sport  Lincoln MKT  Mercedes A-Class  Mercedes B25 AMG  Mercedes GLK-Class  MINI Clubman Bond Street Edition  Mini Countryman JCW  Mini John Cooper Works Countryman(...)  Mini Paceman John Cooper Works  Nissan Juke Midnight Edition  Nissan Juke n-tec Special Edition  Nissan Juke Star Wars Edition  Nissan Pathfinder  Opel Adam Rocks Concept  Porsche Cayenne Diesel S  Qoros 3  Renault Captur  Renault Scenic XMOD  Smart Forstars Concept  SsangYong SIV-1  Subaru Viziv Concept  Subaru XV Crosstrek  Toyota RAV4 Premium  Toyota Venza  Volkswagen CrossBlue Coupe Concept  Volvo V40 Cross Country  Volvo XC40  Audi Q5 Cabriolet*  Audi RS Q3 Concept*  BMW X5 eDrive Concept*  Chevrolet Spin Minivan*  Kia Provo Concept*  Kia Sorento "Justice League" by West(...)*  Lexus CX*  Lincoln MKT Town Car Fleet* Maserati Crossover*  Mazda CX-9*  Mercedes BLK*  Nissan Juke Nismo by Senner Tuning*  Range Rover Evoque Dark Tungsten(...)*  Range Rover Evoque RS250 Fuji White(...)* 1 2 3 4 next > * dark blue background: non-standard  Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Contact Us TopSpeed Team Log in via  | Home sitemap Cars Motorcycles Boats RSS Copyright TopSpeed. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms  conditions 