 Top Links Login Register Sign Up for Newsletter Subscribe to Magazine Advertise About Us Contact Us Tuesday, August 27, 2013  Primary links Home News African American Africa and Caribbean Business Headlines SMALL BUSINESS Black Entrepreneurs Business Advice Marketing Online Marketing Financing How-To Personal Finance Taxes Investment Home Owner Retirement Technology Business Technology Personal Technology Review Career On The Move Career Advice Jobs Lifestyle Auto Health  Fitness Travel Arts  Entertainment Black History Magazine Archives Current Issue Digital Subscribe Calendar TNJ Events 25 Influential Black Women 40 Under Forty TNJ Africa 40 Under Forty Videos Photos   Arts  Entertainment Arts  Entertainment Arthur Ashe Memorabilia On Display at NY Hall of Science Photographer Jeanne Moutoussamy-Ashe, widow of tennis icon Arthur Ashe, has compiled some of her late husband’s belongings and created an interactive exhibit that is currently housed at the New York Hall of Science in Queens, New York August 26 2013  Arts  Entertainment Haitian Designer Helmer Joseph Altering Canadas Fashion World Helmer Joseph is on poise to fashion fame. Since he debuted his Canadian collection during Montreal Fashion Week in 2007, his name--and designs--have become a force in Canadian fashion. August 12 2013  Arts  Entertainment Pioneering Black Producer Ashton Springer, Dies at 82 Ashton Springer’s determination as a producer was evident at the start of his career. Springer, 82, died last Monday in Mamaroneck, NY.   July 23 2013  Arts  Entertainment Black Cinema Breaks Through 2013 appears to be the year that Black cinema is breaking through in the U.S., with important movies that tell crucial stories. July 19 2013  Arts  Entertainment Trimming the Book Tree Writer Herb Boyd says: "One of the problems about being a relatively successful author—and even a more visible journalist—is the accumulation of friends and fans, many of them published writers with books in search of blurbs, forewords, and most importantly reviews."    Here, Boyd tells us "what’s to be done", and he offers up a few "brief reviews" while he's at it. July 12 2013 Arts  Entertainment Celebrating the Life and Times of Artie Georges and Ray Moore Artie Georges and Ray Moore, were true NYC sports and educational legends, fine ball handlers, capable shooters and extraordinary role models.  June 7 2013  Arts  Entertainment TNJ Executive Editor Receives Malcolm X Black Unity Award Rosalind Kilkenny McLymont, executive editor of The Network Journal and CEO of newly launched AfricaStrictlyBusiness.com, received the 44th Annual Malcolm X Black Unity Award for her “consistent, concrete work through the decades to build, teach and develop pan-African economic, as well as literary projects and businesses.” May 24 2013  Arts  Entertainment Singer Cissy Houston Honored at The Riverside Theater Cissy Houston, mother of the late songstress Whitney Houston, was honored last month at the Women of Excellence in the Arts event in NYC. May 21 2013 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Next last  Sign up for the FREE TNJ Newsletter   Lists/Resources Historical Black Colleges and Universities Black Magazines Listing Listings of African American History Resources: Museums, Organizations and Publications Black Newspapers Listing African American Scholarships Black Organizations and Organizations Serving Black Communities Major African American Inventions  Quick Poll The Stop-And-Frisk Policy Has Been Declared Unconstitutional. Mayor Bloomberg Plans to Appeal. Will He Be Successful? : Yes? No? View Result  Home News SMALL BUSINESS Personal Finance Technology Career Lifestyle Magazine Calendar TNJ Events Videos Photos Articles African American News Black American News Black Magazines Black Business Leaders Entrepreneurship Articles Sitemap © 1995-2011 The Network Journal. All Rights Reserved. Privacy 