 Sign in or register with your favorite social identity Sign In or Register Quick links: 7 Day WHNT Apps Emails WHNT: 50 Years WHNT2  Comcast ABA Virtual Job Fair: Aug. 26-30 WHNT.com Partly Cloudy 88 H: 88 L: 62 Tue Partly Cloudy Wed Partly Cloudy Thu Partly Cloudy See complete forecast › Up Next: News at 5 p.m. Schedule Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home News Email Alerts Traffic Huntsville Decatur Sand Mountain Shoals Shoals CrimeStoppers Digital Life Leadership Perspectives Weather Forecast Interactive Radar  Maps 7 Day Valleywx.com Email Alerts Jacks Cams Other Cams Warnings Sketch The Sky Weather 101 Sports Preseason Team Profiles Football Friday: Coming Aug. 30 SEC Report SEC Videos 19th Hole Taking Action Investigative Fighting For You Get A Job Deal or Dud Restaurant Ratings Money Saving Monday Driving You Crazy Pay It Forward Consumer Alerts Photos On-Air Live Streaming 50th Anniversary Seen on WHNT Noon Interviews WHNT Schedule WHNT2 Schedule Find WHNT2 Closed Captioning CBS Shows Community Events Garden Tips Tools for Teachers Birthday Bunch Pets Mr. Food Yard Sales Kids To Love See Meth/Stop Meth Dr. Oz Legal Contests Get a Free Mortgage Payment Giveaway – 1st Family Mortgage Real Deals Contact ShoalsCrimeStoppers Help law enforcement catch criminals and solve cases.  Huntsville to Launch Two Arts  Entertainment DistrictsThursday Posted on: 2:27 pm, June 18, 2013, by WHNT News 19 , updated on: 07:35pm, June 18, 2013 HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (WHNT) The City of Huntsville is launching two new  Arts  Entertainment Districts  on Thursday, June 20 in downtown Huntsville. The City is taking advantage of the State’s new open container legislation to develop cultural districts where street performers, block parties, concerts, live art demonstrations, art strolls, outdoor movies and more will occur in the Quigley and Meridian Arts  Entertainment Districts. This downtown entertainment will showcase the arts in Huntsville while supporting restaurants and bars as they participate in the new district by serving drinks “to-go.” The districts will begin with a 90-day soft rollout on Thursday and Friday evenings from 5 – 10 p.m.  During that time, patrons may purchase a beverage at one of the participating bars and restaurants and stroll downtown to experience the entertainment. “When we first looked at the Entertainment District legislation, we recognized it was basically an open container law, and we knew that wasn’t exactly what we wanted,” said Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battle. “We assembled a stakeholder group of citizens, businesses, city employees and downtown interests and asked for their input. They decided the City should animate downtown with arts and cultural activities.  Strolling with a beverage was just an extra plus.” To set the stage for a successful cultural launch, Mayor Battle turned to The Arts Council for assistance in helping to develop programming for the Quigley District. Allison Dillon-Jauken, Director of The Arts Council, said her group was pleased to help. “The new arts programming is a natural fit with events already happening in downtown Huntsville during the summer months,” said Dillon-Jauken. For example, the  Sidewalk Arts Stroll  will feature area artists once a month in Constitution Village on June 20, July 18 and August 15. The  Historic Huntsville Foundation  is bringing back the popular “Movies In the Park” series and asking patrons to cast their vote on their preference of films at  www.historichuntsville.org .  The Greene Street Market , hosted each Thursday on the corner of Eustis and Greene streets, welcomes the public to visit downtown and purchase fresh products from local farms, bakers, gardens and more. When the district opens for the first time this Thursday, The Arts Council will kick off weekly Art2 programming with free, public performances around the square and in Big Spring East. Highlights of Art2 programming through July 5 include: Thursday, June 20th  - Performances by saxophonist Reginald Jackson, the Rocket City Jugglers, street magician Dr. Osborn, ukulele singer/songwriter Wanda June, acoustic musician Scott Morgan, and the flute/guitar duo Toot  Twang on the square, and the Huntsville Drumline in Big Spring Park East. Friday, June 21st  - Performances by Gavin Boost and Geoff  Bryan Acoustic Duo on the square; saxophonist Alex Banks, II, followed by Live By Satellite in concert in Big Spring Park East. Thursday, June 27th  - ArtsAlive Block Party on Eustis Street off the square featuring The Arts Councils 2013 Homegrown Talent Final Round and The 911 Reporters, performance on the square by the North Alabama Flute Choir, and live art demonstrations by the North Alabama Wood Crafters and Green Pea Press. Friday, June 28th  - Performances by Winslow Davis and Audio Radiance on the square and additional programming in Big Spring Park East. Thursday, July 4th  - No programming due to Independence Day. Friday, July 5th  - Performances by Wanda June and Chris Wade on the square; Splitting Atoms concert in Big Spring Park East. The Arts Councils  Art2 programming  is made possible with support from Big Spring Partners, Committee of 100, The Downtown 47, Historic Huntsville Foundation, and the City of Huntsville and its Department of Parks  Recreation. More information on the Arts  Entertainment Districts may be found on the City of Huntsville web site at  www.huntsvilleal.gov/artsentertainmentdistrict/ . There is a map of the districts, and answers to  Most Frequently Asked Questions . Comments about the districts are welcome on  www.imaginehuntsville.com/ and by emailing  contact@huntsvilleal.gov . Filed in: Huntsville Topics: Arts and Entertainment districts , Huntsville , open container law , The Arts Council  Most Viewed 367 Dogs Seized in Multi-State Dog Fighting Case; Alabama Included Update: Cullman Police Identify Men Killed in Apparent Murder-Suicide Weather Walmart CEO Speaks Out On Companys Wage Reputation How Prepaid Phones Could Pay Off For You Photo Galleries Your Photos: August 22 Heavy Rains andFlooding Your Pictures: Back to School2013  VIEWER PHOTOS: 2013Supermoon Pictures: UPS Cargo JetCrash More galleries ›  ShoalsCrimeStoppers Help law enforcement catch criminals and solve cases. Mobile Apps: Android App iPhone  iPad App Severe Weather iPad App Severe Weather iPhone App Follow Us: Facebook Twitter RSS E-Mail News Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Shoals CrimeStoppers Decatur Politics Digital Life Weather Forecast Maps  Radar 7 Day Forecast Weather Blog Sign up for weather email alerts Warnings Sketch The Sky Weather 101 Severe Weather: Be Prepared On-Air Live Streaming Noon Interviews Program Schedule Antenna TV Schedule CBS News Live Feed Watch CBS Shows Sports Football Friday Taking Action Investigative Fighting For You Get A Job Deal or Dud Good Question Pay It Forward Driving You Crazy BBB Consumer Alerts Volunteer Lawyers Traffic Gas Tracker Community Events Pets Mr. Food Yard Sale Tracker Garden Tips See Meth/Stop Meth Kids To Love Dr. Oz Legal Contests Real Deal Contact Online Public File Terms of Service Privacy Policy 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 --- A Local TV LLC Station Powered by WordPress.com VIP Copyright  2013, WHNT  