   alfredmundo2     Tuesday, August 16, 2011 Arts and Entertainment,Celebrity Gossip News - What do you think ... Well it's a bit like security marking your property. a tattoo permanently marks you as someone with poor taste. you might as well have 'CHAV' permanently tattooed across your forehead. it does help the police however. Tattoo's are very unique to individuals, and suspects can be identified easily by their tattoos. so ? if you are a law abiding chav, go ahead and get marked. if you are into crime ? beware ? you are a marked man (or woman). you asked for my honest opinion, so no offence meant to anyone. the only tattoo i'd find tasteful is one that comes from some kind of initiation rite. if its something the girl 'earned' through initiatives of some kind then unless its a sleeve, or some kind of facial monstrosity I'd find it attractive, otherwise if its something they just felt inclined to get whether it be the name of a lost sibling, a piece of poetry, or some kind of imagery its a total turn off. yes i recognise that my attraction is pscyhological because I'd find 'earned' tattoos attractive, I still stand that a tattoo without a solid history behind it is a turn off. It fully depends on the tattoos and the situation. For instance I personally think that people with Kanji (asian characters) they can't read are idiots. anyone can can tell you something means strength when it actually means soup? mostly though, they don't bother me. Tattoos are VERY popular these days so all types of people have them. one small discreet tattoo on an area of the body not normally in view? thats really nice like a small rose on the upper arm but anything else and especially down the legs and lower arms make a person look like either an escaped convict or a criminal ! edit: and why someone would want them all over their face and neck God only knows that looks terrible indeed I hate tattoos on anyone. I think they look ugly and common. My dad was in the army, throughout World War 2, and most soldiers those day got tattoos done. when he died at the age of 81, they looked awful, all wrinkly and saggy (sorry Dad) Hi Skycat, Well,I have 7 tats myself..I am Irish and my tats tell a story about my Irish background..I don't see anything bad about having tattoos..It's body art(if done in good taste).. Your Friend, poppy1 eh, whatever, don't care. there's a certain amount of trashiness to having someone's name tattooed on your neck, tho. but i've known a girl who had that who i totally liked and respected, so ? whatever, i don't care. I just think most people get tattoos for the wrong reasons. my little brother has about three now and I'm like "whhhhyyy???" and he's planning more. I just don't understand. Maybe I didn't scare him enough as a child? I would not have one myself but I know plenty of people who do have them. I don't think I have a right to comment on what other people choose to do with their bodies. I don't care all that much for them. They tend to look low class most of the time. i guess it all depends on what you get, where at, how big, etc. I think if they are small and on a tasteful part of the body, they can be nice. but I'm not a huge fan of tattoo sleeves, tramp stamps, or facial tattoos. I think when you get them on your face or anywhere else easy viewable you are a dumb a@@ It really does handicap you in life i have a few tattoos. people from every walk of life have tats. its not just one type of person. I hate tatoo's i think that they are super tacky. I don't mind the small tatoo's tho, that are not visible when your outside etc. Well, it depends on what tattoos they have. Tattoos can say a lot about a person. I like them but i dont like it when they have it all over their bodys i think thats just gross I think they look dreadful. I have never seen any one with one that it did not make them look like trash I don't like them but i think if there are a few(and not a lot) it's bearable I don't like it especially on a female, but it's not my body I don't mind them, I have two. i like the art work , its very clever and artistic? people who have them ? well i dont people on what they have ? Hope they make it to heaven. you are suppose to respect your temple, putting ink on it especially permanent is disrespecting yourself. so unpure white men who like black women like then pure and virgin like!!!!! Source: http://www.freegby.com/what-do-you-think-about-tattoos-and-the-people-who-have-them-be-perfectly-honest.html army shell piers morgan avm 21 americas got talent gang of six Posted by alfredmundo2 at 7:41 AM Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook  No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Followers Blog Archive   2013 (79)   January (79)    2012 (2623)   December (186)    November (164)    October (129)    September (220)    August (268)    July (231)    June (285)    May (281)    April (248)    March (222)    February (178)    January (211)  2011 (604)   December (97)    November (147)    October (143)    September (94)  August (123) Health Risk Assessment: Some ... - eHealth and Fit... Army officer sought in 4 slayings found dead Somik Raha: The Purpose of Marketing (Huffington p... Getting better Looks with Cosmetic surgery Loans. ... Silver or Gold?What#39;s the right metal to inves... Beyonce shows off baby bump at MTV video awards ... What#39;s ?Encuestas Pagas?? | Whats Happening How Franchise Consultants Help Promote Business Gr... Andis Blades Ag Agc Agrc A5 # 35 Hair Clipper Blad... 5 Cool Collars for Dogs - Pet Tails China bars some Lady Gaga hits from download sites... How To Find Business Success When You Increase You... Identity Theft Laws ? How a Legal System Can Defen... Centre refuses to reduce eligibility marks for tri... The Benefits Of Acquiring Support Through Locksmit... Lil#39; Bratz: Cloe Reviews | prandah.com Protein linked to Parkinsons disease may regulate... Baby Shower Invitations 101 paid video game | Gamers Lounge Blog Presidents Day Bessons Suu Kyi film The Lady to open Rome fest... What Virtual Assistants Say Regarding Home-based B... Video: Killing zombies on the moon is pretty fun brady - How Garden Furniture is Used Outdoors Toda... Gloss Find: Genius Nicer Dicer | Recipes, Entertai... Is gymnastics a real sport? - Mister Poll Yearly Free Credit Report Stocks sink; Banks rise on BofA deal (AP) Scientists Crack The Physics Of Coffee Rings Cash Advance Payday Loan ? Low Cost Finance to Sal... Significance Of Physical Therapy To Restore Optimu... Technical Writing ? Simple Steps for Editing Your ... China paper warns of impact from euro crisis Blac... Video: Daniels: ?Ought not rule anything out? in s... Link Constructing Price: No Have To Get Bankrupt -... Back to school (Offthekuff) What to Drink with What You Eat: The Definitive Gu... Family Tree University Virtual Conference Summer 2... Pc Gaming | A New Role-playing Video Game Puts A R... Backpacking - North Shore (Lake Superior) ? Attrac... ali - Many Injured Local Workers Look For Disabili... Articles 20VN | Make Podcasting Your Auto Pilot Tr... Tolls and fares to rise in NYC area (AP) Hungarian rhapsody (Balloon Juice) Watch Brighton vs Blackpool Live Stream Online, Fr... A Rapid Presentation Towards Blooming Tea | AutoRo... 100 What you require To be sure Just before gettin... Supremacy: Great Health Benefits Of Green Tea ? He... Hello Kitty, Snoopy lend their brand equity to the... Senna reviewed: a riveting Formula One documentary... Long Distance Relationships How To Make Them Work Learn Why Branding Is So Important To Your Neways ... AP sources: US call for Assad departure imminent ... Martin s DreamTrips Membership Presentation ... - ... Wedding Photography ? ArticleAnswer.net eTrust Internet Security Suite: Do Not Take Protec... 4 Top Customer Service Tips For Small Business ? S... Planned Parenthood to end abortions in 3 AZ cities... Were Antarctica, North America attached? Tonga Travel Guide Launched ? American Banking New... TPO Roofing: The Advantages of Thermoplastic Roofi... Advanced Baseball Concepts Every Player Should Kno... Green Tea For Weight reduction: Fact Or Fictional?... What Is Real Estate Investing? How to Become a Suc... Bermuda Premier Paula A. Cox on the Lack of Women ... Inside The Lives Of The Jolie-Pitt Kids Cooking New Recipes for Your Family | Happy to Cre... Verizons Now Selling the BlackBerry Bold 9930 [Bl... Understanding More About Relationship Successes Th... US court rejects appeal in Iraq rape, slaying ... 1945: Sports | As they saw it Insurance | Cow Paper Towel Holder Stylish And Ele... Children of depressed mothers have a different bra... Watch Orioles vs Athletics Live Stream Online MLB ... New York Real Estate Investing ? Some Tips On Inve... Hackers protest BART decision to block cellphones ... Arts and Entertainment,Celebrity Gossip News - Wha... Consulting An Attorney is the Best Way to Handle M... Commercial Truck Financing ? The Present Opportuni... PFT: Panthers fans already chanting for Newton how would I go about getting old sales taxes ... -... Fast Immigration Legal Advice logic vs love - Sexuality and Relationships - Shro... Adult Dyslexia- Learning Difficulties in Adults | ... How the Cloud is Transforming Business Intelligenc... No convictions after 2-month Ala corruption trial ... Looking For More Online Profits? - SearchEngineMar... Weekly precious metals review at King World News |... Boston Terriers: Great Family Pets | Home and Fami... Google+ Games: Another fiscal FarmVille in the mak... J.C. Penney posts flat 2Q profits (AP) TBS canceling comic George Lopezs talk show ... Organizing Your Home Office: Simple And Innovative... Losing Your Parents Is An Immense Loss And ... - S... 3D Laser Gifts | Custom-Made Laser-Etched Crystal ... We locate lost Pets. | New York | eBay Classifieds... Mad Catz Cyborg Rat Albino first hands-on Cheyenne Frontier Days Rodeo ? New West Gallery Emergency communications using smart-phones | Sout... Bathroom Panels | Lighting | Home Improvement www.domesticviolence.co - relationships Stats Painting the Interior Wall of Your Home New Frontiers in Enterprise Risk Management | Supp... Source: soccer games soccer games gia limousine es... Natural means for hemorrhoid treatment ? get the b... Protect Yourself Against Elder Abuse ? Get Help Fr... Source: wells wells ultimate ultimate rock rock ce... The Analog Salon (Grand Opening Aug. 27th in Culve... Mental Health Benefits Of Exercise | Online Fitnes... Travel Insurance Above 80 ? Actually Vital for Men... Rugby in New Zealand | windycitypooch.com Source: icon solar panels nick lachey acropolis ju... Source: reuters reuters weather boston bart cosco ... Source: james brown eragon backtrack tom watson ir... Source: priceline dino d day connecticut amber ale... How To Build Auto Lawn Sprinklers, Home  Garden For even the most successful blacks and Hispanics,... 4 European Jobs.com | Display Job SALES MANAGER Obama announces deal to avert US default (AFP... Student Loans Vs Credit Cards | Topics Info | Fina... Regulations on the Administration of Business ... ... Practicing legal profession in Vietnam ? Global Vo... Real Estate Pa | Tips For Staging Your Home To Get...  About Me alfredmundo2 View my complete profile   Travel template. Powered by Blogger .  