 AutoGiftGarage.com Celebrating-Car-Culture How early roads shaped our lives August 27th, 2013 Over the past few weeks, I have become more aware how early roads shaped our lives. While visiting some friends in Madison, Indiana, one of them asked what was the first highway in Indiana. After some thought I correctly answered the Michigan Road. The Indiana State Legislature commissioned the Michigan Road in 1826, thus predating construction of the National Road in Indiana by one year. The Michigan Road became a key route in opening the state for settlement by connecting Madison on the Ohio River to Michigan City on Lake Michigan via the new state capital in Indianapolis. Pioneers used the road as a path to homesteading new lands up through the central part of the state. Imagine these intrepid souls coming down the Ohio River on flat boats and disembarking at Madison – a long, hard journey. Next, they procured their homestead deeds and then set out along the Michigan Road to their new land on the frontier in Indiana. The road was improved over the course of the 19th century and early 20th century as a series of county, state, and US highways. Now, it is officially recognized as the Michigan Road Historic Byway by the State of Indiana. You can retrace the route of the Byway by following the directions here . 1916 Map of South Bend I have two links to the road. My father was born on a farm along the Michigan Road just west of South Bend. A little while later, while he was growing up, this section of the road became part of the Lincoln Highway. He later used the road to move to Indianapolis shortly before the start of World War II. Road improvements on this section of the road, in October 1914 during Good Roads Day, were some of the first along this route to northern Indiana. I was born near the Butler University campus not far from where the Michigan Road crosses the White River. I can still recall hearing the trucks crossing the river bridge and climbing the hill on their way out of town. Just south of the river is the highest point in Indianapolis at Crown Hill Cemetery. This is a great place to get a panoramic view of the city. The road as it winds through Indianapolis from the southeast to the northwest provides a good indication of migration to the city and its development as thoroughfare. 1916 Map of Indianapolis So, what’s your story on how early roads shaped our lives? Tags: Indianapolis , Madison , Michigan City , Michigan Road , Michigan Road Historic Byway , National Road Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  Are Motor Manners appropriate for today’s driving? August 21st, 2013 The National Highway Users Conference published Motor Manners by Emily Post in 1949. Are motor manners appropriate for today’s driving as they were some 64 years ago? Although the underlying focus of the pamphlet was to promote highway safety in the post World War II era, perhaps the group thought that the influx of female drivers would respond better to a list of manners rather that a set of rules from a driver’s manual. In any case, Post’s booklet harkens back to a time when our society was concerned about the proper motor manners. Motor Manners cover Copyright © 2013 AGG Publishing Just plain simple courtesy and consideration for others at all times will make the use of streets and highways safer, more efficient and more pleasurable. Here is a “Code of Courtesy,” as written by Post, that can be followed by all would be well-mannered drivers and pedestrians. 1. A well-mannered driver will share the road, never usurping the right-of-way from other vehicles or pedestrians. 2. A well-behaved driver uses his horn as a warning device in emergencies and never as a bad-tempered voice to threaten or scold. 3. An honorable man or woman would no more cheat traffic regulations than cheat at games or in sports. 4. Courteous pedestrians will cross busy streets at intersections, respect traffic lights and avoid darting out from behind parked vehicles. 5. An obliging driver will never fail to dim his lights when meeting other cars in the dark. 6. Well-bred people, whether drivers or passengers, are just as considerate of each other as are hosts and guests in a drawing room. 7. An accommodating driver parks his car so as not to interfere with the use of other parking spaces or with the movement of other vehicles. 8. Orderly drivers always keep to the right, except when using the proper lane for turning or passing. 9. A courteous driver never fails to signal his intentions to stop, turn or pull out. 10. Considerate persons always drive at speeds which are reasonable and prudent, considering traffic, road and weather conditions. 11. One who has any consideration for the safety of others will refrain from driving when physically exhausted. 12. Kindly persons never show curiosity at the scene of an accident and always give any assistance that may be passable. So, what do you think? Tags: Emily Post , Motor Manners , National Highway Users Conference , post World War II era Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  The Indianapolis Motor Speedway needs to get back to its roots. August 12th, 2013 I believe the Indianapolis Motor Speedway needs to get back to its roots. I and many other Hoosier natives were disappointed at the dismal turn-out at the Brickyard 400. I am concerned that if the situation at IMS isn’t remedied quickly we will lose this piece of our Hoosier heritage that we’ve enjoyed for over a century. In the first two years of IMS’s existence in 1909 and 1910, management held numerous races each season with declining attendance at each event. After the second series of 1910 races in July, the Speedway founders Carl G. Fisher, James A. Allison, Arthur C. Newby, and Frank H. Wheeler knew they had a problem. Doesn’t this sound familiar today? Ideas had been percolating in Fisher’s and Allison’s minds for a number of weeks when they called the founders together. Fisher noted that had they been placating the AAA officials by keeping race distances down to what they considered sensible distances, thus holding multiple meets. 1925 Dusesenberg Model A At 2013 Celebration of Automobiles He proposed holding a 1,000-mile race, or maybe a 24-hour one, but the partners were concerned about asking attendees to endure an overly long event. They countered: “Let’s give people something they can see start to finish in a reasonable amount of time.” On September 7, 1910, they announced the “Indianapolis Motor Speedway 500-mile International Sweepstakes” for May 1911, with a purse of $25,000. This single race, the 1911 500-mile race, solved the problem of multiple races drawing declining attendance. Take this lesson from the early days and rebuild the traditional month of May around a one race format. 1930 Stutz SV16 Monte Carlo At 2013 Celebration of Automobiles I have to applaud Speedway management for initiating the Celebration of Automobiles on opening day in 2011. This event draws on the track’s legacy of entertainment showcasing our automotive heritage, but it has much more potential. I believe the Speedway could grow this event into a multiday automotive festival attracting tens of thousands attendees, much like the Goodwood Festival of Speed, which drew over 185,000 spectators to last year’s event. Why not expand the Celebration of Automobiles to a full weekend event and create a three-day auto festival featuring all kinds of automotive entertainment to energize and excite multiple generations of enthusiasts? An event like this at the longest continuously operating racecourse in the world would be a signature event that trumpets the Speedway’s legacy. 1920 Cole 870 Aero-Eight At 2013 Celebration of Automobiles What do you think? Tags: Arthur C. Newby , Carl G. Fisher , Celebration of Automobiles , Frank H. Wheeler , Indianapolis 500 , Indianapolis 500 Mile Race , Indianapolis Motor Speedway , James A. Allison Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  We’re writing a book on the 1913 Hoosier Tour August 5th, 2013 As many of you know, for the past few months we have been working on our book Hoosier Tour: A 1913 Indiana to Pacific Journey. This book documents the 1913 Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour. We have known about the IAMA Tour for a number of years and decided to share this story of Hoosier ingenuity during its centennial year. This book examines how the 1913 IAMA Tour served as a model of promoting Indiana-built automobiles and generating interest for building roads, like the proposed Ocean-to-Ocean Rock Highway later to be known as the Lincoln Highway. This road was the impetus to the start of our federal highway system. Previously all roads were developed and maintained by local governments. The first transcontinental highway, the Lincoln Highway, showed the federal government the opportunities brought by linking good roads from coast to coast. We were to arise from the mud onto paved roadways. Today we can dash across interstates, from city to city, state to state. This modern-day convenience owes a great deal of thanks to the 1913 IAMA excursion. We urge you to follow our book launch process as we bring this story to fruition. Tags: 1913 Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour , Hoosier Tour , IAMA Tour , Lincoln Highway Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  VisitIndy professionals are the greatest! July 29th, 2013 In late June, I met with Sandra Johnson and Mary Huggard at VisitIndy to discuss my needs as a VisitIndy Partner. We had a very productive meeting reviewing my background as a “Genuine Car Nut” and my goals for my new venture “Indianapolis Auto Tours.” Indianapolis Auto Tours new landing page Sandra and Mary reviewed my marketing materials and website. Their suggestions for improving my website to better attract tour groups and leisure travelers to take our auto tours were awesome. It is great how experienced convention professionals can lend a different perspective to engage tour groups with our offerings. They also offered suggestions on other organizations around Indy that might be possible partners in other ventures. This is a win-win situation for everyone. With their feedback, I redesigned the Indianapolis Auto Tours website to feature our unique tours. With my background in Indiana’s automotive history, I believe that we can offer unique tours celebrating Indianapolis’ automotive heritage. With their help, I am now better prepared to engage tour groups and individuals to take one of our Indianapolis Auto Tours. Thanks to Sandra and Mary at VisitIndy. I invite you to check out our Indianapolis Auto Tours website and see what you think. If you like what you see, why not share a link with someone visiting Indianapolis? Tags: genuine car nut , Indianapolis Auto Tours , Indianapolis’ automotive heritage , Indiana’s automotive heritage , tour groups , visit Indianapolis , VisitIndy Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  Celebrating the Hoosier Tour July 22nd, 2013 The Indiana Region of the Classic Car Club of America celebrated the 100th Anniversary of the Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour on July 1st. The celebration featured vintage cars, biographical author Jerry M. Fisher, character actor Jeff Kuehl as Carl Fisher, and Carl Fisher’s 1914 Packard roadster that paced the 1915 Indianapolis 500 Mile Race. Carl G. Fisher’s 1914 Packard Copyright © 2013 Dennis E. Horvath Before lunch three vintage 1914 autos gathered in front of the Athenaeum for a photo opportunity of the nearly 100 year old vehicles. One of these autos was Carl Fisher’s original unrestored custom roadster. This car sported many unique features along with a custom body. Next was an American Underslung six-passenger touring car from the company’s last year in business. This American represented the top end of the company’s product line. The other car was a Cole five-passenger touring car. Coles were advertised as “The Standardized Car,” indicating that they were “the standard for quality in the industry.” The last two cars were Indianapolis-built on South Meridian St. and East Washington St. respectively. The luncheon presentations by the “two Fishers” featured the significance of the 1913 IAMA Tour and how it served as a model for developing the Lincoln Highway. Jerry Fisher calls Carl Fisher the forgotten man from the early part of the twentieth century. 1914 American Underslung Copyright © 2013 Dennis E. Horvath After lunch everyone commenced the 40-mile reenactment of the first day’s drive of the 1913 IAMA Tour in western Indiana on the way to the west coast. No one was daunted by the light showers as we ambled across the National Road to the Clay County courthouse in Brazil. Our afternoon ended with dinner at the Lake House Restaurant in Staunton. Thanks to Carol and Larry Pumphrey of the IN Region CCCA for planning this centennial event and celebrating Hoosier auto pioneer Carl G. Fisher. Dennis Horvath  Beauford Hall with his 1914 Cole Copyright © 2013 Dennis E. Horvath For more information about the 1913 Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour click here . For more about Hoosier auto pioneer Carl G. Fisher click here. Tags: 1914 American Underslung , 1914 Cole , 1914 Packard , Carl G. Fisher , Classic Car Club of America , Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association , Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour , Indiana Region of the Classic Car Club of America , Indianapolis , Indianapolis 500 Mile Race , Jerry M. Fisher , Lincoln Highway Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  Two new product launch tools July 18th, 2013 I’m finding the truth in the adage. “When the student is ready, the teacher will come.” I am in the process of relaunching a venture. While researching some ideas, I was serendipitously introduced to two items that hit the product-launch nail on the head. The first is the book Start with Why by Simon Sinek. The second was a blog post “9 Creative Ways to Use Social Media to Launch a Product” by Michael Stelzner. Start with Why discusses how when making connections we need to lead with the why and how we do something. “Why” is the reason that differentiates our offering in the marketplace. It’s a great message on how to communicate with others on your personal story. 9 Creative Ways is a roadmap to engage your social connections to launch any new product. It’s about engagement, not marketing. I will be telling the story how I became a “Genuine Car Nut” and sharing our automotive heritage. These new tools are helping me relaunch my Indianapolis Auto Tours venture. Stay tuned to see what develops. Tags: genuine car nut , Indiana auto heritage , Indianapolis , Indianapolis Auto Tours , launch a product , Michael Stelzner , product launch , Simon Sinek , Social Media , Social Media Examiner , Start with Why Posted in Auto Alert | No Comments  Connersville automotive history July 7th, 2013 With Connersville, IN, celebrating its bicentennial this year, I believe it is time to share a little about its automotive history. During the 1905-1941 timeframe, 13 cars were made in Connersville and the community was very much alive as an automotive center in the United States. One journalist nicknamed the town the “Little Detroit of Indiana.” Connersville built automobiles sorted by name Name Manufacturer Dates Ansted Lexington Motor Car Co. 1921-26 Auburn Auburn Automobile Co. 1929-36 Central Central Manufacturing Co. 1905 Connersville Connersville Motor Vehicle Co. 1906 Connersville Connersville Buggy Co. 1914 Cord Cord Corp. 1936-37 Empire Empire Motor Car Co. 1912-15 Howard Lexington-Howard Co. 1913-14 Lexington Lexington Motor Co. 1910-27 McFarlan McFarlan Motor Car Co. 1910-28 Pak-Age-Car Auburn Central Co. 1938-41 Packard Darrin Packard Motor Car Co. 1940-41 Van Auken Electric Connersville Buggy Co. 1913 Connersville made the move to the Twentieth Century when in 1886 John B. McFarlan converted part of the family farm into one of the first industrial parks in the U.S. In his desire to expand his carriage business, he lit the spark for what turned out to be a center for automobile production (36 years) and automotive component manufacturing, which exists today. An early example is Central Manufacturing Company which was incorporated on April 7, 1898 to manufacture vehicle woodwork at 123 West Seventh. In 1903, it began to manufacture rear entrance automobile bodies for Cadillac. A Central car was built in this plant in 1905, but unfortunately the car was lost when the plant burned in 1905. The company moved to a new building in McFarlans park (on 18th Street north of the intersection at Georgia Street) in 1906. Central bodies became standard units on Stutz, National, Premier, Cole, H.C.S., Moon, Gardner, Wescott, Davis, Auburn, Elcar, Haynes, Apperson, Paige, Overland, Lexington, and Empire Automobiles. The McFarlan was the outgrowth of the McFarlan Carriage Company (on the south end of the industrial park) which turned to manufacturing automobiles in 1910. The company turned out very fine automobiles built to customer specifications for the next 18 years. A 1923 McFarlan Knickerbocker Cabriolet priced at $25,000 with all outside trim being gold plated was shown at the National Automobile Show in Chicago. In 1910, a group of Connersville businessmen enticed the infant Lexington Motor Car Company to relocate from Lexington, Kentucky, to a new plant at 800 West 18th Street in the industrial park. In 1914, the new Lexington-Howard Company produced the Howard automobile. In 1915, the name changed back to Lexington Motor Company. Two short wheelbase Lexington race cars won the Pikes Peak Hill Climb in 1920 and 1924. 1935 Auburn 852 Speedster Copyright © 2008 Dennis E. Horvath In 1912, Carl G. Fisher and Charles Sommers, both of Indianapolis, decided to contract for all parts and final assembly of their Empire Automobile by Rex Wheel Works (between Lexington Motor Car and Central Manufacturing in the industrial park on 18th Street). The Connersville Buggy Company built a parcel post van, under contract for Van Auken Electric Company of Chicago in 1914. In 1927, E. L. Cord purchased Lexington Motor Car Company and the adjacent Ansted Engineering buildings. In 1928, he purchased the Central Manufacturing Company and then bought the McFarlan Motor Car plant five blocks south of his existing plants in 1929. On January 15, 1929, the first Auburn 6-80 sedan, rolled off the 900-foot final assembly line. Seventy-five percent of Auburns cars were built in Connersville until 1933. In the fall of 1933, Cord moved Limousine Body Company of Kalamazoo, Michigan (builder of the Auburn open car bodies) into the Central Manufacturing facilities. By 1934, all Auburn final production was done at the 82 acre Connersville center. 1936 Cord Model 810 sedan Copyright © 2008 Dennis E. Horvath On February 15, 1936, the first production Cord model 810 rolled off the final assembly line. Production of the Cord model 812 ended on August 7, 1937. On August 25, 1938, the Auburn Automobile Company purchased the Pak-Age-Car Division from Stutz in Indianapolis. They produced the multi-stop delivery truck until 1941. Howard Darrin built his Packard Darrin in the factory during 1940 and 1941. On March 10, 1941, Willys-Overland awarded Auburn-Central (the new corporate name) a contract to build 1600 Jeep bodies. This was the first of many contracts that lasted through 1948 for Willys and Ford. The total for Jeep bodies reached 445,000 over a 45-month period. Unfortunately, today there are no existing automotive heritage landmarks in Connersville. The Fayette County Historical Museum at 103 Vine Street has a number of automobiles and other artifacts from this era. Tags: Auburn , Carl G. Fisher , Central Manufacturing , Connersville , Cord , E.L. Cord , Lexington Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  Motoring for Pleasure June 30th, 2013 Last week’s article about the 1913 Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour was all about motoring for mileage. An article in the June 8, 1911, Motor Age Magazine shares some century old ideas about motoring for pleasure. The article states: “When you go after pleasure on a motor tour you can make it a genuine Holiday. The best definition of a holiday is getting your mind off your work; being able to go from morning to night without even thinking that such a place as an office exists; and being able to go from Monday morning until the following Sunday night without once being disturbed with a remembrance of a business transaction, or having a solitary shadow of work flit across your memory. On a pleasure tour of this kind you never hurry.” The article goes on to talk about taking time to stop along the roadside and spend an hour or so reading the inscriptions and taking snapshots of the many monuments and markers. In some areas you can pause and inquire about the history and industry of a locale. A typical 1911 road scene along the Winooski River on the run from Montpelier to Burlington I believe these are good ideas for today. With all of today’s hustle and bustle we don’t truly enjoy the journey. One hundred years ago auto tourists faced a different set of challenges on their journey. As you can see in the photographs, outside of urban areas most roads were unimproved in any fashion. Headlights of the day offered poor illumination, and few road signs marked the way. The autos themselves offered rough riding and little protection from the elements. Roadside gas stations and accommodations were only found in major towns and cities. Care, maintenance, and outfitting the auto were another concern. Before starting on a trip the autoist conducted a thorough inspection of running gear, battery, trunk rack, tires, tire pump, jack, tool box, anti-skid chains, lamps, and adjusted the brakes. Tours of a week or more required six spare inner tubes, two tires, and five-gallons of lube oil. 1911 Along the Ausable River in Wilmington Notch between Upper Jay and Lake Placid Packing for the tour was another routine. If more than three adults were on tour it, was best to pack everything in a trunk. It was best to put rain coats, sweaters, or overcoats on the robe rail on the back of the front seat. Spare tools, a coil of wire, and other small items could be stored under the front seat cushion. The fore door pockets were a great location for the Blue Book route directions, spare goggles, and matches. Whew, with today’s modern autos we don’t have to worry about many of these items because of the longevity therein. We can just check the oil, coolant level, clean the windows, get gas, and set our GPS to begin motoring for pleasure. Tags: 1911 Ausable River , 1911 Winooski River , Lake Placid , Motor Age Magazine , motoring for pleasure Posted in Car Culture | No Comments  What was happening in Indianapolis on July 1, 1913? June 24th, 2013 At 2 pm, on July 1, 1913, more 70 people and 20 Indiana-built cars and trucks gathered around the south side of University Park in Indianapolis for the departure of the Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour. At the time, the IAMA Tour was one of the largest transcontinental tours attempted in the United States. Elwood Haynes, president of Haynes Automobile Company conversing with W. S. Gilbreath, secretary of the Hoosier Motor Club at University Park The 1913 IAMA Tour was designed to promote Indiana-built automobiles to the larger market outside of the Midwest and to generate interest for building better roads. The reawakening Good Roads Movement members felt that the auto industry would only grow when travel by road was made easier. But, investment in roads would only occur when people showed more interest in the automobile industry. IAMA members envisioned a way to help make that happen – a cross country tour to build the country’s interest in automobiles, particularly Indiana’s products, and better roads. When the IAMA Tour left Indianapolis on July 1, 1913, the Hoosier tourists experienced numerous thunderstorms, crossing the Rocky Mountains and the Western deserts in primitive automobiles that are hard to imagine 100 years later. The tour took 34 days to cover the 3,600 miles and allow for propaganda work and sociability. They passed through Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Kansas, Colorado, Utah, Nevada, and California. Nearly every vehicle accomplished this trek and arrived in Los Angeles after never being more than 24 hours behind schedule. The Lincoln Highway sponsored Marmon was one of the tour participants that made it to California. Left to Right: Capt. Robert Tyndall, Carl G. Fisher, Charles A. Bookwalter, and Heine Scholler. The 1913 IAMA Indiana-Pacific Tour served as a model of promoting Indiana-built automobiles and generating interest for building roads, like the proposed Ocean-to-Ocean Rock Highway, later to be known as the Lincoln Highway. This road was the impetus to the start of our Federal Highway System. Previously all roads were developed and maintained by local governments. The first transcontinental highway, the Lincoln Highway, showed the federal government the opportunities brought by linking good roads from coast to coast. We were to arise from the mud onto paved roadways. Ray Harroun in the Henderson Motor Car entry at California State Capitol in Sacramento Today we can dash across interstates, from city to city, state to state. This modern-day convenience owes a great deal of thanks to the 1913 IAMA Indiana-Pacific Tour. Tags: IAMA Indiana-Pacific Tour , Indiana Automobile Manufacturers’ Association Indiana-Pacific Tour , Lincoln Highway , Ocean-to-Ocean Rock Highway Posted in Car Culture | No Comments   Older Entries Search for: Author information is disabled per default. Uncomment and fill in your details if you want to use it.AuthorA little something about you, the author. Nothing lengthy, just an overview. Pages About Celebrating-Car-Culture Archives August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 Categories Auto Alert (4) Auto Landmarks (7) Auto Pioneers (10) Auto Styling (6) Car Care Tips (3) Car Culture (95) From My Bookshelf (3) Indiana’s Historic National Road (4) Uncategorized (1) Vintage Indianapolis 500 (7) Blogroll Autoextremeist AutoGiftGarage.com eBay Motors Blog Hemmings Blog Jalopnik Jay Leno’s Garage Subscribe to Celebrating-Car-Culture The New York Times Collectible Cars The Old Motor Meta Log in Valid XHTML XFN WordPress For more information on unique auto gifts  visit AutoGiftGarage.com.  