  Legal News Business Law General Business Finance & Banking Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Real Estate - Commercial See All Subjects  Personal Law Criminal Law Estate Planning Family Law Personal Injury Worker's Compensation See All Subjects  Government Law Elections & Politics Military Law Government Contracting Administrative Law Civil Procedure See All Subjects  Trending [7] 10 Pitfalls to Avoid in HR Investigations Legal Guide to Social Media Use in the Workplace [Video] William Faulkner v. Woody Allen [Hot Topic] On Social Media & the Law [Hot Topic] On the Family Medical Leave Act [Hot Topic] On Independent Contractors [Hot Topic] On Mortgages Browse All Law News Topics  Find an Author By Subject: Business Business Organizations Finance & Banking Intellectual Property International Law & Trade Labor & Employment Law See All Subjects  By Subject: Personal Criminal Law Family Law Personal Injury Wills, Trusts, & Estate Planning Worker's Compensation See All Subjects  By Location California DC Florida New York Texas See All Locations  Subscribe Email Updates Twitter Facebook RSS Law Blogs iPhone Feeds for Publishers For Reporters Log In  Art, Entertainment & Sports Law Updates Read Art, Entertainment  Sports Law updates, alerts, news, and legal analysis from leading lawyers and law firms:  News & Analysis as of August 27, 2013 Tweet Why Bud Selig's Tactics in Pursuing A-Rod for PEDs are a "Circus" Social Networking: New Risks & Opportunities at Work Inside NFL's Jaguars Owner's Fulham FC Purchase What is a domain name? Is it the same as a company name? Porn Copyright Trolls Receive Punitive Sanctions You Have to Know a Bit About the Law to Be a Sports Fan: Brad Sham, Voice of the Cowboys Yankees' Lawyer on Manchester City MLS Partnership Patent Series: Protecting inventions Trademark Series: Use-based trademark protection Trademark Series: Protecting your mark from becoming generic Trademark Series: Matching your commercial strategy Trademark Series: Building a global brand Harlem Shake's Copyright Issues Why Did Godzilla & James Bond Need Congress' Protection? After Trademark Ruling, Yankees are Officially "The Evil Empire" Jeff Ifrah on the Historic Legalization of Online Gaming in New Jersey Wanting Him to Stay Home, HS Running Back’s Mom Takes Letter of Intent to Lawyer New Happy Birthday Song, Copyright-Free NHL's Lawyer: Lockouts Are 'Necessary' Weapons "A Great Day for New Jersey" - On Governor Christie's Move to Bring Online Gaming to NJ King James rules off the court, too by  Loeb & Loeb LLP on 8/27/2013 Even before all of the confetti has hit the ground and the last float on the celebratory parade has rounded the final corner of Main Street in the champions’ home town, commentators are, well, commenting on the potential... more Washington Nationals Suit Highlights Value of Commercial Crime Insurance by  Gilbert LLP on 8/27/2013 A recent lawsuit by the Washington Nationals (the “Nationals”) against its insurance carrier related to the team’s hiring of a player based on false information about his age and identity highlights the importance to sports... more Evolving Case Law on the Fair Use of Famous Trademarks in Video Games by  Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP on 8/27/2013 A recent spate of cases has generally upheld, on First Amendment grounds, a developer’s right to include unlicensed trademarks in video games. However, until the body of case law becomes so prevalent that trademark owners... more The Most Profitable Baseball Team Of All-Time And Commitment To Ethics And Compliance by  Thomas Fox on 8/27/2013 Sorry to interrupt my three-part series on the greatest ethics and compliance article ever written but I just could not help myself. On Monday, forbes.com, in an article entitled “2013 Houston Astros: Baseball’s Worst Team Is... more Maryland Basketball Player Dez Wells Files Lawsuit Against Xavier by  Anthony Caruso on 8/26/2013 Maryland Basketball Player Dez Wells Files Lawsuit Against Xavierby Anthony Caruso on August 26, 2013A new lawsuit against NCAA school Xavier University by a former basketball playermay challenge universities' legal... more Interns Sue P. Diddy’s Record Label by  Lawyers.com on 8/26/2013 A former intern is suing Sean Combs/P. Diddy’s record label, alleging it violated federal and state labor laws by not paying her and other interns for the work that employees should have been doing.... more Are Unpaid Internships Coming to an End? by  Anthony Caruso on 8/23/2013 Are Unpaid Internships Coming to an End?by Anthony Caruso on August 23, 2013In what has raised more questions about the legality of unpaid internships, a lawsuit was recently filed against Sean "Diddy" Combs' Bad Boy... more Gaming Legal News: Volume 6, Number 17, August 22, 2013 by  Dickinson Wright on 8/23/2013 In this issue:- OLG ISSUES NEW “HOSTING FEE” PAYMENTS; NEW OLG CHAIR ISAPPOINTEDThe Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation (OLG) has agreements, known as “Municipality Contribution Agreements,” with the... more Live Poker Is A Skill Game by  DLA Piper - IP Technology in Italy on 8/23/2013 The Italian Supreme Court held that live poker Texas Hold’em tournaments are a skill game and therefore their performance does not trigger an illegal gambling activity provided that they comply with some requirements.... more NFL Suspends Player for Violent Helmet Swing Towards an Opposing Player by  Ogletree, Deakins, Nash, Smoak & Stewart,... on 8/23/2013 Between the whistles of play, professional football is an arguably violent game.... more Association Membership and Program Restrictions and the Antitrust Laws: Don’t Stumble Out of the Gate by  Venable LLP on 8/23/2013 Trade and professional associations benefit society by promoting various industries, professions, and other interests. To realize their goals, however, associations must sometimes limit membership in the association or... more Free network feed-in for public channels in Germany by  DLA Piper - Sports, Media and Entertainment on 8/22/2013 The German district court in Bremen held on the 9th of August 2013 that Kabel Deutschland (plaintiff), the biggest cable network company in Germany, is legally obliged to carry public channels, including that of Radio Bremen,... more Could Having a Tattoo Result in a Lawsuit? by  Winthrop & Weinstine, P.A. on 8/22/2013 As football season approaches, it is not surprising that star quarterbacks such as San Francisco 49er Colin Kaepernick are making the news. I read an article in Forbes magazine about “Questions Concerning Copyright of Athlete... more Texas Plaintiff Takes Another Swing at the "Baseball Rule" by  Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP on 8/22/2013 For many, excitement at the ballpark includes the possibility, however remote, of a batted ball heading into the awaiting throngs in the stands. Because this is considered an ordinary part of the game that fans expect, if not... more Online Gamer Gets Professional Athlete Visa by  Fowler White Boggs P.A. on 8/21/2013 The world of online gaming has become a booming industry, and like most other industries, online gaming attracts participants from all over the world. Participants who want to come to the U.S. to play and compete in online... more NFL Doctor’s Role in Concussion Lawsuit May Prompt More to Join Litigation by  Anthony Caruso on 8/21/2013 NFL Doctor’s Role in Concussion Lawsuit May Prompt More to Join Litigationby Anthony Caruso on August 21, 2013NFL doctor, Elliot Pellman, has served players for several years and made critical decisions about whether... more Do the Final Episodes of "Breaking Bad" Qualify As Trade Secrets? by  Clingen Callow & McLean, LLC on 8/21/2013 For die-hard fans of the greatest TV show of all time, these next six weeks are absolute gold.Which led me to think: Do the plot lines over these final eight episodes qualify as "trade secrets"? ... more Intellectual Property Newsletter - July 2013 by  King & Spalding on 8/21/2013 In This Issue: - Good-faith Belief in Patent Invalidity Can Rebut Allegations of Induced Infringement- With the PTO’s cancellation of claims on reexam, a prior validity ruling goes poof- Grant of a Permanent... more NFL Doctor’s Role in Concussion Lawsuit May Prompt More to Join Litigation by  Anthony Caruso on 8/21/2013 NFL Doctor’s Role in Concussion Lawsuit May Prompt More to Join Litigationby Anthony Caruso on August 21, 2013NFL doctor, Elliot Pellman, has served players for several years and made criticaldecisions about whether... more R Star Claims "Blurred Lines" is Not Substantially Similar to Marvin Gaye or Funkadelic Songs by  DLA Piper - Copyright & Trademark on 8/20/2013 Last Thursday, R star Robin Thicke, along with fellow artists Pharrell Williams and Clifford "T.I." Harris, filed a suit for declaratory judgment in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against... more Robin Thicke, Marvin Gaye, and the Blurred Line Between Inspiration and Infringement by  BakerHostetler on 8/19/2013 Robin Thicke’s Blurred Lines has been a pop-music juggernaut: the year’s best selling song in the United States and the UK is entering its 11th week at the top of Billboard’s Hot 100 chart.... more Calling All Gamers by  Winthrop & Weinstine, P.A. on 8/19/2013 As some of you may know, the most recent installment of the Call of Duty franchise is set to hit stores later this fall–November 5 to be exact.... more IP/Entertainment Law Weekly Case Update for Motion Picture Studios and Television Networks -- August 16, 2013 by  Loeb & Loeb LLP on 8/19/2013 Marvel Worldwide, Inc. v. Kirby, USCA Second Circuit, August 8, 2013 -Second Circuit affirms grant of summary judgment in favor of plaintiffs, comic book publishers, and against defendants, heirs of renowned comic... more Factors That Go Into Television Network Contracts by  Anthony Caruso on 8/19/2013 Factors That Go Into Television Network Contractsby Anthony Caruso on August 19, 2013Many sports analysts are watching the ascent of Fox Sports 1 as it makes multi-year television network contracts with several sports... more CA Senate Bill No. 678 - The Internet Poker Consumer Protection Act of 2013 (Sen. Correa) by  Ian Imrich on 8/19/2013 CALIFORNIA LEGISLATURE— 2013–2014 REGULAR SESSION SB 678, as amended in Senate on August 19, 2013, Senator Correa. Internet gambling. (1) The Gambling Control Act provides for the licensure of certain individuals and... more Pirates, or Freedom Fighters on the Electronic Frontier, Copyright Changes for the Digital Age? by  Winstead PC on 8/19/2013 The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) announced this month that they will be engaging with stakeholders through public comments and roundtables to study a variety of policy issues highlighted in the Department of... more UK: Government publishes responses to POC tax consultation by  DLA Piper - I-gaming on 8/16/2013 In the 2012 Budget, the UK government announced its intention to tax remote gambling on a point of consumption basis. A consultation ran from 5 April 2012 until 28 June 2012 whereby operators, suppliers and other interested... more Court Tackles Product Market Definition for NFL-Licensed Apparel Case by  BakerHostetler on 8/16/2013 Beginning in 1922 with the Supreme Court’s decision in Federal Baseball Club of Baltimore v. National League of Professional Baseball, professional sports leagues have been involved in antitrust litigation.... more Cuba Practice Update -- August 15, 2013 by  Akerman Senterfitt on 8/16/2013 Cuban Baseball and the Embargo -Twice in recent weeks news has surfaced highlighting the effects of U.S. sanctions on Cuba's participation in regional tournaments and on Cuban ballplayers who have recently defected or... more NCAA Racks Up More Circumstantial Evidence Against Johnny Manziel by  Anthony Caruso on 8/16/2013 NCAA Racks Up More Circumstantial Evidence Against Johnny Manzielby Anthony Caruso on August 16, 2013Texas A quarterback Johnny Manziel may be facing more heat from the NCAA forpotentially profiting from autograph... more National Ambulatory Services Firm Seeks Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection by  Joel Glucksman on 8/16/2013 National Ambulatory Services Firm Seeks Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protectionby Joel R. Glucksman on August 16, 2013Rural/Metro, an ambulance and fire protection services company, announced it has filed for Chapter 11... more A-Rod Situation Highlights Risks of Long-Term Contracts by  Gary Young on 8/16/2013 A-Rod Situation Highlights Risks of Long-Term Contractsby Gary S. Young on August 16, 2013The two contracts previously awarded to Alex Rodriguez are widely regarded as being the two worst contracts in the history of... more Greece: Government sells its stake in OPAP by  DLA Piper - Sports, Media and Entertainment on 8/16/2013 On 12 August the Greek government put pen to paper to complete the sale of its 33% controlling stake in the gambling monopoly OPAP for €652 million to Emma Delta, an equity fund led by Czech billionaire Jiri Smejc.... more Advertising Injury Coverage and Fashion Designs by  Wahab & Medenica LLC on 8/16/2013 Modern businesses today consider their intellectual property as one of their most valuable assets. This is certainly the case for the fashion industry, where brands rely heavily upon trademark laws in the absence of a more... more Norway: Athletes gambling sponsor income under pressure by  DLA Piper - Sports, Media and Entertainment on 8/16/2013 Norwegian athletes from a variety of sports, including UK Premier League football players, NHL players, cross country skiers and pole vaulters have signed sponsorship deals with various gambling operators. Norway practices a... more NCAA Concussion Cases – In the News...Again by  The Rothenberg Law Firm LLP on 8/15/2013 Brain Disease Probable Factor in Former NCAA Football Player’s Death -The discussion surrounding sport-related concussions in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) is once again making headlines as a... more Australia: The Coalition’s “policy to help problem gamblers” by  DLA Piper - I-gaming on 8/14/2013 The Opposition has released a four part plan which focuses on a national voluntary scheme to tackle problem gambling and help problem gamblers. The four part plan includes... more The future of gaming video terminals after Supreme Court decision by  DLA Piper - IP Technology in Italy on 8/14/2013 The Italian Supreme Court held that it is possible for shops to place video terminals (the so called “totem”) connecting to Italian online gaming licensed platforms under the regime in force before the implementation of the... more Leveling the Playing Field: Providing Equitable Athletic Opportunities for Disabled Students by  Pullman & Comley, LLC on 8/14/2013 When Congress enacted Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, 20 U.S.C. §§1681 et seq. [“Title IX”], it forever changed the landscape of interscholastic and intercollegiate sports. Although as the recent Biediger v.... more Rookies Thrown Out of NBA Transition Program May Struggle to Manage Legal Issues by  Anthony Caruso on 8/14/2013 Rookies Thrown Out of NBA Transition Program May Struggle to Manage Legal Issuesby Anthony Caruso on August 14, 2013Shabazz Muhammad made headlines recently when it was announced that he was sent home from the... more Sweden: ATG, the governmentally owned Swedish Horse Racing company, wants to abolish the Swedish gambling monopoly by  DLA Piper - I-gaming on 8/13/2013 The Swedish Horse Racing Totalisator Board, ATG, was established by the Swedish government in 1974 and currently has monopoly on horse betting in Sweden.... more Norway: Texas Hold’em allowed under the Norwegian Penal Code but still illegal pursuant to the Lottery Act by  DLA Piper - I-gaming on 8/13/2013 The Norwegian Appellate Court (Nw: Lagmannsretten) (the Court) recently handed down it’s decision in a case where the Oslo Regional Prosecutor’s Office had charged a person with hosting a gambling event and confiscation of... more Copyright or Copywrong? Evidence Suggests that Our Current System Might Be Broken by  Winthrop & Weinstine, P.A. on 8/13/2013 Intellectual property, like the information in a book, is different than other property like, let’s say, the coffee mug sitting next to me. As for the coffee mug, only one of us can use it at a given time. Either you have... more Does A Radio Station Have Goodwill? by  Charles (Chuck) Rubin on 8/13/2013 A recent Claims Court case addressed whether a radio station's assets include goodwill.... more Shakira Defeats Ex’s Claims for a Cut of Her Career by  Lawyers.com on 8/12/2013 A California judge has dismissed a 2010 lawsuit filed against Shakira by the singer’s ex-boyfriend, claiming he was owed a cut of the popster’s $300-million deal with Live Nation. ... more Sweden: Proposal for new rules for the protection of online gamblers by  DLA Piper - I-gaming on 8/12/2013 The Swedish Gambling Authority (Sw. Lotteriinspektionen) has recently published a proposal for increased protection of online gamblers. In accordance with the proposal, gambling operators will be required to provide detailed... more IP/Entertainment Law Weekly Case Update for Motion Picture Studios and Television Networks -- August 9, 2013 by  Loeb & Loeb LLP on 8/12/2013 Brown v. Electronic Arts, Inc., USCA, Ninth Circuit, July 31, 2013 -Ninth Circuit affirms dismissal of NFL great Jim Brown’s Lanham Act claim against video game developer Electronic Arts, Inc., concluding that Rogers... more MTV, Comedy Central go head-to-head over Daft Punk booking by  Anthony Caruso on 8/12/2013 MTV, Comedy Central go head-to-head over Daft Punk bookingby Anthony Caruso on August 12, 2013Prior to booking a musical act, many people figure if an artist doesn't have a performance lined up on a certain date then... more Chad Elie v. Ifrah Law PLLC [Professional Negligence Claims] REPLY IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO DISMISS AMENDED COMPLAINT by  Ian Imrich on 8/9/2013 REPLY IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO DISMISS AMENDED COMPLAINT -- to Response to MOTION to Dismiss filed by Defendants Alain Jeffery Ifrah, Ifrah PLLC. (Attachments: # 1 Exhibit Exhibit G, # 2 Exhibit Exhibit H, # 3 Exhibit Exhibit... more Dang v. San Francisco Forty Niners - Consumers can challenge Reebok's exclusive NFL apparel deal based just on a market of... by  Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP on 8/9/2013 On August 2, 2013, District Judge Edward J. Davila denied a motion to dismiss antitrust claims brought by consumers of NFL apparel against Reebok and the NFL in Dang v. San Francisco Forty Niners, Case No. 5:12-CV-5481 (N.D.... more This page is undergoing maintenance and upgrades and will be back soon.We're sorry for the inconvenience. Follow Art, Entertainment & Sports Law on: Explore Related Topics Copyright Infringement Sports Trademarks Gambling Internet Gambling EU Motion Picture Industry Athletes Video Games Advertising Casinos Fair Use NCAA NFL See all  All Legal News by Subject All Legal Feeds Administrative Law Agriculture Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) Antitrust  Trade Regulation Art, Entertainment,  Sports Law Bankruptcy Business Organizations Business Torts Civil Procedure Civil Remedies Civil Rights Commercial Law  Contracts Communications  Media Law Conflict of Laws Constitutional Law Construction Law Consumer Protection Criminal Law Education Elections  Politics Electronic Discovery Energy  Utilities Environmental Law Family Law Finance  Banking Franchise Law Government Contracting Health Immigration Law Indigenous Peoples Insurance Intellectual Property International Law  Trade Labor  Employment Law Law Firm Marketing Law Practice Products  Services Maritime Law Mergers  Acquisitions Military Law MLM / Direct Sales MLM Consulting / Network Marketing Nonprofit Law Personal Injury Privacy Products Liability Professional Malpractice Real Estate - Commercial Real Estate - Residential Science, Computers,  Technology Securities Law Taxation Toxic Torts Transportation Wills, Trusts,  Estate Planning Worker's Compensation Zoning, Planning  Land Use See more Find an Art, Entertainment & Sports Law Author Trending Legal News Same-Sex Marriage ERISA Plans Fracking At-Will Employment Discrimination HIPAA Omnibus Rule Foreclosure Data Breaches Whistleblowers Hiring & Firing     Home About Terms  Conditions Privacy Policy Testimonials Blogs Pro Services Reporters on Deadline Contact Jobs Copyright  JD Supra, LLC 