  Elementary Resources | Links | Submit | About Home  Links  English Language Arts Literature Reviews, Theme Lists  Lesson Plan Resources Children's Literature Web Guide A very extensive website put together by D.K. Brown at the University of Calgary that compiles many resources related to children's literature: award winners, best sellers, activities for the classroom and links, links, and more links !  How Novel!: Canadian Young Adult Literature Developed by the Saskatoon Library, this site is dedicated to Canadian young adult fiction (fiction written by Canadians, about Canadians, or which takes place in Canada). Resources include cover art, annotations, reviews and publisher information, as well as author photographs and biographies. Searches can be made via subject or author.  Fairrosa Cyber Library of Children's Literature A site of Children's literature links consisting of other book lists, recommended books and awards, thematic lists, and special interest books.  Carol Hurst's Children's Literature Site A very large collection of children literature reviews that are organized by title, author, genre, and reading age. Additionally you can find fun activities for the classroom, reccommended related books, and related links.  BDD Books for Young Readers Teacher's Resource Center Reviews and lesson plans on various books. Books organized into these searchable categories: Alphabetical Title Index, Authors and Illustrators Index, Awards Index, Black History Month Index, Grade Index, Interdisciplinary Index, Newbery Award Winners, and Reluctant Readers Index  Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books Reviews of materials for young people  The Book Report Book Reviews, Author Interviews, Book Excerpts, Book Editorials and Book Commentary  Cooperative Children's Book Center Online lists of books organized thematically and a review of a new and recommended book for children every week.  Canadian Children's Book Centre The Canadian Children's Book Centre is a national, non-profit organization founded in 1976to promote and encourage the reading, writing and illustrating of Canadian children's books by supporting the Canadian children's publishing industry. Info about Canadian Children's Book Week, how to get published, children's book awards, and other related infromation.  Kids Webrary "Find lists of great books from adventure to space travel, class and story hour schedules, and information on upcoming children's programs."  A Line in the Sand A site of interest to those who tell stories or lead craft programs that use traditions from different cultures.  Language Arts from the Smithsonian Ideas and lessons including: Celebrating the Smithsonian's Birthday; Conversing with an Object; Creating a Classroom Museum; Explaining How Things Work; Telling a Painting's Story; Telling Your Story; Using Community Resources to Enrich Your Curriculum and Plants and Animals: Partners in Pollination  Awards for Children's Books This project deals with the award origins, criteria, medal descriptions, and award books for Newbery and Caldecott Awards from 1985-1994.  The Newbery Medal Home Page Read about the winning books and authors of this prestigious award.  Bantam Doubleday Dell Teacher's Resource Center Provides free teacher support materials for their catalogue of books, including teacher's guides, activities and interdisciplinary ideas. Through their thematic index and interdisciplinary index find specific books/guides that may support classroom activities. author and illustrator profiles including bios, photos, and e-mail connections.  Booktalks--Quick and Simple A database that contains approximately 600 short booktalks that can be used by school library media specialists and teachers. The database is indexed by author, title, subject, and interest level. Also includes bibliographical information for the books.  Reading Rainbow Find out information about excellent children's literature and dive into special segments of the television show.  Children's Literature Web Guide List of sites.  Invisible Ink: Books on Ghosts  Hauntings Has reviews and excerpts of over 500 ghost book titles from around the world. Also contains information about writing ghost book, activities using ghost books, and bibliography of more ghost books.  Houghton Mifflin Teachers Views Activities to do with children's books organized by grade level.  Economics and Geography Lessons for 32 Children's Books Lesson plans for teaching grade 1-5 students geography and economics concepts within the study of popular children's books. Columbia Education Center (CEC): Language Arts Lesson Plans Over 100 lesson plans, organized by elementary, intermediate and high school grade levels.  Teaching with Folklore A collection of resources to help teachers use Internet folkloreresources with elementary classes. You can find learning activities and lesson plans designed for five different genres (fables, legends, myths, tales, and religious).  Making Multicultural Connections Through Trade Books Using multicultural books with children that focus both on specific cultures and on the universality of human experience  Helping Children with Books Lists of books to help children deal with topics like death, bullies, fears, divorce, hospitals and many more.  Great Family Read Alouds A list and reviews of family read aloud books for young children. Categories include fantasy, folklore, imaginary animals and timeless classics.  Percussion Folktales A list of references to sources of stories involving percussion.  Little Planet Times Encourages kids to read and write with The Little Planet Times, a newspaper created by and for kids. Top stories creatively present monthly themes, like conflict resolution. Readers can find out what's new in the "School Spotlight" or check out the Entertainment section for movie reviews or sports news. "Creative Corner" invites readers to view work of others or submit original poems, stories or artwork.  Children's Library of Reviews "An on-line database of children's book reviews written for children, by children from around the United States and the world. Looking for a good book, we may be able to help. Search through our Author and Theme indexes, stop by our Guestbook and say hello, or submit a review of your own with our on-line form."  Eldrbarry's Folk Tales A selective listing of folk tales, First Nations legends and Bible stories.  100 Picture Books Everyone Should Know A list from A to Z put together by the New York Public Library  Sierra Club Books for Children Information about nature books for children.  Magazine Book Reviews Reviews of books for children of all ages are made by teachers for this Canadian Review of Materials.  The Bulletin of the Center for Children's Books: The Bulletin Dozen Monthly theme-based list of book titles and summaries.  A Selection of Barefoot Beginners Reviews of original picture books from traditional cultures all over the world.  Charlesbridge Children's Books Reviews of picture books in categories including counting books, outdoor adventures, history and bilingual books. Story Time Review "Provides a fun and reliable online guide to the best in childrenÂs books, including reviews on the latest books, award winning books, news, reading lists, all-time favorite childrenÂs books, seasonal lists, reviews written by kids, and information on childrenÂs book authors and illustrators. www.CanTeach.ca 