 Popular: Chevy Cobalt | Ford Edge | Ford Escape | Hyundai Elantra | Nissan Rogue | Nissan Versa | Scion xD | Scion tC | Toyota Corolla | Toyota RAV4 Convertible      Q: Which was the world's first mass-produced car model?   A: Volkswagen Beetle C: Ford Model T   B: Toyota Corolla D: Cadillac Model A     Car Buying Tips  Request a Quote Get a quote for a new car from a dealer in your area. Used Car Listings Find a used car in your area. Convertible Models Audi A5  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Mid-Size Coupe , Mid-Size Convertible Powered by 6- and 8-cylinder engines, the handsomely styled Audi A5 features save and sporty handling thanks to standard all-wheel-drive, and seats four passengers in a high-quality interior. Audi R8  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Luxury Coupe , Performance Convertible Powered by a mid-mounted V8 or V10, the Audi R8 offers a compelling mix of sportiness, comfort, and style that's hard to beat even in this class. Audi TT  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Sports Coupe , Roadster The Audi TT comes powered by a choice of 4-cylinder engines with available all-wheel-drive. Roadsters seat two, while the coupe seats four in a handsome and well handling package. BMW 1-Series  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Compact Coupe , Compact Convertible Powered by smooth 6-cylinder engines driving the rear-wheels, the BMW 1-Series offers excellent performance and handling. BMW 3-Series  Bodystyles: Sedan , Coupe , Convertible , Wagon Classes: Near-Luxury Sedan , Mid-Size Coupe , Mid-Size Convertible , Wagon Available with a choice of 6- and 8-cylinder engines, the BMW 3-Series features handsome styling, excellent build quality, and class-leading handling. BMW 6-Series  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Luxury Coupe , Luxury Convertible Powered by a choice of V8 and V10 engines, the BMW 6-Series delivers excellent performance, brilliant handling and that arrow-like stability that defines BMW. BMW Z4  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Roadster Powered by a choice of inline-6 cylinder engines, including turbocharging, the BMW Z4 offers enthusiastic handling and features a foldable hardtop roof. Cadillac XLR  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Luxury Convertible Based on the rear-wheel-drive underpinnings of the Corvette, the XLR features a folding hardtop and sporty handling. Powered by a V8, its styling is edgy and distinctive. Chevrolet Camaro  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Mid-Size Coupe , Mid-Size Convertible Reviving an old musclecar nameplate, the Chevrolet Camaro comes powered by a choice of V6 and V8 engines and features improved handling and great looks. Chevrolet Corvette  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Luxury Coupe , Luxury Convertible , Supercar Available in coupe and convertible bodystyles, the Chevrolet Corvette offers excellent handling, powerful V8 engines, and handsome looks for a price unrivalled in its class. Chrysler 200  Bodystyles: Sedan , Convertible Classes: Mid-Size Sedan , Mid-Size Convertible Available in sedan and convertible bodystyles, the Chrysler 200 comes powered by four- and six-cylinder engines. The convertible is available with a retractable hardtop. Dodge Viper  Bodystyles: Convertible , Coupe Classes: Performance Convertible , Supercar The Dodge Viper is an uncompromised sportscar. Powered by a giant V10, the Viper is loud and massive, its suspension rock hard. The Viper is not very refined, but all the more involving. Ferrari California  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Performance Convertible The California is Ferrari's model with a front-mounted V8 engine. It offers seating for two with optional rear seats and a host of techical gadgets, the highlight being a retractable hardtop roof. Ford Mustang  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Mid-Size Coupe , Mid-Size Convertible , Luxury Convertible Powered by a choice of strong V6 and V8 engines driving the rear wheels, the Ford Mustang offers lots of straight-line performance for a low price and even handles quite well. Infiniti G  Bodystyles: Sedan , Coupe , Convertible Classes: Near-Luxury Sedan , Mid-Size Coupe , Mid-Size Convertible Powered by V6 engines, the Infiniti G is available in sedan, coupe and convertible bodystyles, featuring handsome styling and excellent handling. AWD is an option on sedan and coupe. Jaguar XK  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Luxury Coupe , Luxury Convertible Featuring an aluminum body and a choice of V8 engines driving the rear wheels, the Jaguar XK is handsomely styled inside and out, and offers 2+2 seating and sporty handling. Lamborghini Gallardo  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Supercar , Performance Convertible Powered by a 5.0l V10, Lamborghini's all-wheel-drive entry-model perfectly blends Italian character with German precision and build quality. Lamborghini Murcielago  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Supercar , Performance Convertible One of the best supercars around, the Lamborghini Murcielago features spectacular looks, including Lamborghini's trademark scissor doors, and excellent all-weather usability. Lexus IS  Bodystyles: Sedan , Convertible Classes: Near-Luxury Sedan , Mid-Size Convertible Powered by a choice of V6 and V8 engines, the Lexus IS sedan and convertible feature sporty looks and handling, and a high-quality interior. AWD is available with the sedan. Lexus SC  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Luxury Convertible Featuring a retractable hardtop, the Lexus SC 430 comes boldly styled and offers a refined ride. The 2 + 2 cabin is exclusively equipped and offers comfortable seating for the front passengers. Lotus Elise  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Roadster With an open roof, at least 189hp, and less than a ton to move, the Lotus Elise is arguably the most agile, best handling sportscar in the world. There's nothing as entertaining on a curvy road. Mazda MX5  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Roadster Powered by a zippy 4-cylinder, the Mazda MX5 Miata is an awesome small roadster with handsome looks, excellent handling, and good build quality. A retractable hardtop is available. Mini Cooper  Bodystyles: Hatchback , Convertible Classes: Subcompact , Compact Convertible Powered by fuel-efficient 1.6l engines, the Mini Cooper comes in hatchback and convertible styles with, in hatchback form at least, decent space, and offers excellent handling. Mitsubishi Eclipse  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Mid-Size Coupe , Mid-Size Convertible The Mitsubishi Eclipse features aggressive, yet handsome looks, a choice of 4- and 6-cylinder engines, seating for four passengers, and competitive handling. Nissan 370Z  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Sports Coupe , Roadster Powered by a strong V6 driving the rear wheels, the Nissan 370Z offers seating for two, a handsome exterior, and excellent handling, for an affordable price. Pontiac G6  Bodystyles: Sedan , Coupe , Convertible Classes: Mid-Size Sedan , Mid-Size Coupe , Mid-Size Convertible Powered by four- and six-cylinder engines, the Pontiac G6 offers a wide portfolio of bodystyles and trims, clean styling, good handling, and a comfortable ride. Pontiac Solstice  Bodystyles: Convertible , Coupe Classes: Roadster , Sports Coupe The Pontiac Solstice is a good-looking two seat sports car, powered by a choice of 4-cylinder engines, including a turbocharged version. Handling is not on a par with most of the competition. Porsche 911  Bodystyles: Coupe , Convertible Classes: Luxury Coupe , Luxury Convertible , Supercar The Porsche 911 is one of the truly great sports cars available. Powered by the classic flat-6, it comes with optional AWD and features a host of variants. Porsche Boxster  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Roadster The Porsche Boxster comes powered by a choice of flat-six engines mounted mid-ship. The Boxster offers excellent handling and great entertainment for up to two passengers. Smart Fortwo  Bodystyles: Hatchback , Convertible Classes: Subcompact , Compact Convertible The smallest car available in the US, the Smart Fortwo comes powered by a 1.0l 3-cyl. engine and offers space for two passengers in hatchback and convertible bodystyles. Volkswagen Eos  Bodystyle: Convertible Class: Mid-Size Convertible The Volkswagen Eos features a retractable hardtop and seats four people. It comes powered by a 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder optionally mated to a speedy dual-clutch transmission. Search Convertible Models by Model Years 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2000 Search by Classes Compact Comp. Convertible Compact Coupe Compact CUV Comp. Luxury SUV Compact SUV Electric Full-Size Lux. SUV Full-Size Sedan Full-Size SUV Full-Size Truck Hybrid Compact Hybrid Sedan Hybrid SUV Hybrid Truck Lux. Convertible Luxury Coupe Luxury Sedan Luxury SUV Mid-Size Convert. Mid-Size Coupe Mid-Size CUV Mid-Size Sedan Mid-Size SUV Mid-Size Truck Minivan Near-Lux. Sedan Perf. Compact Perf. Convertible Perf. Sedan Roadster Sports Coupe Subcompact Supercar Upper Lux. Sedan Wagon More Bodystyles Coupe Crossover Electric Hatchback Hybrid Minivan Pickup Truck Sedan SUV Wagon Find a Local New Car Dealer > all New Car Dealers New Car Dealers in California New Car Dealers in Florida New Car Dealers in Georgia New Car Dealers in Illinois New Car Dealers in Michigan New Car Dealers in New Jersey New Car Dealers in New York New Car Dealers in Ohio New Car Dealers in Texas by ZIP Code Choose a Make None Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Search Web JB car pages Sponsored Links  Resources Submit Site More Resources   Home  Convertible Copyright  2000 - 2013 :: JB car pages Contact | Advertising | Privacy  Policy | Terms of Service | Site  Map ^ Top 