 Get the email Submissions Services Vehicle Shipping BaT Garage Project Cars Gear Clothing Decals Hats About RSS October 5, 2009  Cover Stories / German / Under $20k  17 comments 20V Turbo Transplant: 1990 Auto Quattro Coupe Weve always liked the clean lines of this Audi Quattro Coupe body style but in US models were known for weak engines and limited tuning potential. What they all need is delivered in this custom example; perfect stance, S2 front body panels, and upgraded 20V ur-S4 power. Find it available here on VWVortex Forums in Renton, Washington for $12,500 where it was for sale a while back and is now offered at this lower price. The S2 bodywork which integrates the grille into the hood and offers wrap-around projector headlamps was never offered on US-spec coupes but was used on convertibles the fantatic RS2 wagons. The bumper is also an RS2 unit and the whole car is painted in Glasurit Aviator Gray Pearl from an Audi TT. The wheels are the highly polished factory units from an A6 4.2 V8 sedan. Special thanks to Andrew Holliday of SnapRiot for the action shot above. The car utilizes parts engineered by 2Bennett and 034 Motorsport , two of the best Audi shops around. California buyers might even be able to get the car through SMOG testing if it is taken to one of those shops for preparation. The turbo engine really wakes up the car. See all the additional photos here or in the slide-show below. Related Stories 17 comments Please observe Bring a Trailer's commenting rules . Esconzaga October 5, 2009 at 6:06 am 0 or Flag as not constructive Nice conversion and appears to be very cleanly done. Too bad he insists on posting that photoshop-enhanced-cartoon-pic as the lead as the car doesnt seem to need the fakery. A AAN engine is very reliable, once you learn about a few preventative things like ignition and cam sensors. This one appears to be RS-2 plus level which means lots more power but should still be highly street-driveable, and if not, can easily be down-tuned in software. Having the factory RS2 Porsche intake manifold gets extra bonus points and I wonder if he actually somehow scored a real RS2 Euro motor for this? Most of these conversions are in-place upgrades of stock AANs from UrS4-S6s. Re: the emissions  should NOT be a big deal even in CA. Slapping the 199x UrS4-S6 OEM computer back in is easy work if you need the OBD connectors to work for the inspectors, and if 034 ECU installation was done tidily might be a plug and play swap that can be done annually at inspection time. OBD-I and a tailpipe sniff should be the MOST that is required for this car, and something that is entirely passable for an AAN motor unless there are drastic valve or ring or turbo blow-by issues. Other mods are all exactly right for this kind of car including the Porsche monoblocks. A few slightly dumb poser items like the shaved rear wiper wouldnt put me off this but the interior pics hint that it might be a bit rougher inside than outside. Get the impression that lots of money went into mechanicals and paintjob but almost none into interior restoration, which is now due. These cars are much more fun to drive than the period reviews would have you believe, even with the underpowered 7A normally aspirated motor. Yes heavy and not a Porsche competitor in handling or quickness but a fun daily driver nonetheless and looks really good with the Euro nose bits as this one has. Stick this 300++bhp RS2 AAN in it and youve really got something Alan October 5, 2009 at 6:42 am 0 or Flag as not constructive Such good design, I imagine Dieter Rams would drive one if he was a coupe kind of guy. The color and stance are just so clean and German, really nice. Clean up the interior like Esconzaga recommends, and for me this means replacing the racy Recaros for something more luxurious  the wood trim might even stay as a reminder that its not a modern car. Geoff Isabelle October 5, 2009 at 6:50 am 0 or Flag as not constructive Thats a very nicely done car. The interior definitely needs help to bring the whole car up a notch. And that paint color choice is a little dodgy in my humble opinion it looks like previously-chewed juicy-fruit. Or an East German Government issue sweat sock. Johnny October 5, 2009 at 7:28 am 0 or Flag as not constructive Looks like they spent all their money on a set of wheels and paint job. Looks like it needs some serious attention to inside. Chris H. October 5, 2009 at 7:51 am 0 or Flag as not constructive Totally agree with the interior comments. I would replace the Recaros with Leather covered units from a newer Audi, and even possibly ditch the wood trim in favor of something more suitably Bauhaus, say aluminum or piano black trim. Looks as though the carpet needs to be replaced as well, but since the car is almost 20 years old, thats to be expected. Price seems spot on with the overall mechanical and external cosmetic condition. One other thing: this car is screaming for a set of deep-dish BBS RAs. Dont get me wrong, the current wheels are an excellent choice, but hmmm. JohnG October 5, 2009 at 7:56 am 0 or Flag as not constructive In defense of the color, it is a factory Audi shade, Ive seen it on a TT before. Though if were sticking to the factory Audi palette, Id respray it in Ming Blue. The interior may need nothing more than a good cleaning and conditioning. But it definitely needs that  Im pleased that my cars look cleaner than this even when they arent for sale. Rene October 5, 2009 at 8:49 am 0 or Flag as not constructive For gearheads the mods are a plus, but for resale value it typically doesnt add very much even if you could not duplicate the car for more than twice the price. I totally agree that the Recaro seats must go and luxo seats should be added. I also think the body needs some contrasting accents on the side  back. In its present form it look like a cheap repaint when in fact it isnt. I would really like that Audi in my driveway, but not at 12.5K. I have had a love/hate for 84-90 Audis since I have had two and presently have an 84 Avant with only 26,000 miles. I love the design and engineering, but they have more Gremlins than an AMC dealer in the 70s. So I rate this car as BAW, not BAT. That is bring a wrench (and dont forget to bring a VOM  Bentley manual) Peter October 5, 2009 at 10:21 am 0 or Flag as not constructive This car has been around a while. I lusted after it for a while from afar, but opted for a newer 4 door. I needed one normal car so I bought an S4. It obviously is a labor of love. The picture on the dash makes me suspect that a B5 S4 is looming in his future as well because of the extra two doors. Sure is cool. Sure is well done. Sure not an every day family type car. But I love it! george kater October 5, 2009 at 10:56 am 0 or Flag as not constructive I have owned 4 different Quattros,all with the indestructible 5 cylinder engines. The electrics on all four cars were akin to those of Dr.Lucas, of English warm beer fame,simply terrible,,,otherwise great car. whatabout October 5, 2009 at 12:06 pm 0 or Flag as not constructive My 91 has been great up to 127k miles. Interior looks rough for 48k. Maybe after engine and gearbox swap speedo no worky. Jim Steele October 5, 2009 at 2:45 pm 0 or Flag as not constructive Is this car related to the Corrado? Jake October 5, 2009 at 3:38 pm 0 or Flag as not constructive Esconzaga: you obviously dont know much about photography based on your photoshop-enhanced-cartoon-pic comment. That picture is easily taken as a non-processed image with the help of a dSLR and a apt photographer. Its even easier than a pan shot at a racetrack because the camera is still. Fakery lol. Get a clue. Why not use professional quality images when trying to sell a car that needs to capture an emotional buyer. We all know that cars like this dont sell for 12.5k without some sort of emotional bond. MURRAY M October 6, 2009 at 1:06 am 0 or Flag as not constructive Ive been following car on Vortex  Audifans for couple years now, and I think his starting price was around $23k so he has come down in price quit a bit, and its worth it, but still out of my range. The paint you need to see in person as its a 3 stage pearl like Nimbus Grey, which is the color Id would have choosen. Guy S. October 6, 2009 at 12:01 pm 0 or Flag as not constructive The spoiler is cool and I like the color. The wheels and pedals, however, scream ghetto Tritone October 6, 2009 at 12:43 pm 0 or Flag as not constructive Love this car! We had one of these for 16 years!! Finally replaced it with a 2007 S4 Avant. Car was bullet-proof for 16 years, even electronics. (had to replace a seat heater switch @about 110K miles). the body mods look great in the action pic I dare not show it to my wife; shell want to sell her R8 and get back into this! Alan October 6, 2009 at 4:30 pm 0 or Flag as not constructive Hey Tritone, I think I may have one of these lying around. Tell you what, Ill save you the hassle of having to sell that R8 and take it in trade. brandon October 8, 2009 at 8:20 am 1 or Flag as not constructive I was one of the pioneers of this build in the early 90s see website above. This car mostly suffers from terminal anonymity: no one cares about performance Audis unfortunately. As a package, though, this car must sure represent $50K+ worth of development. All those conversion parts are very expensive, and the labor here is non trivial. Finally, this thing is a blast on the track, (does anyone remember the turbo quattro IMSA cars?) basically haul ass into a corner, stand on the brakes while turning in to defeat the massive understeer, then when the car is pointed more or less at trackout; apply full throttle. Startle BMWs and P-cars in the vincinity Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (required) Website Comment [if IE]>#commentform p.subscribe-to-comments label { margin-left: 142px;/* Fuck IE */ margin-top: -80px; /* Fuck IE */}