  Connect  in Whole site Quizzes Relationships Food and Drink Health and Fitness Parenting Beauty Voyages Horoscopes Fashion Luxe Celebrities Women in Focus Him Work and Money Advertorial Soaps Photo albums Blogs My World Forums Video OK  Home Fashion Beauty Luxe Celebrities Relationships Parenting Soaps Quizzes Women in Focus Work & Money Him Health & Fitness Food & Drink Horoscopes Comps Forums | Photo Albums | Blogs | | Private messages | Games | Become a fan Home  Celebrities Watch out Jamie Laing! Spencer's pal Hugo Taylor plans Made In Chelsea return Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston to play Lex Luthor in Man Of Steel sequel? Selena Gomez has her eye on new older man after Justin Bieber split Peter Andre talks romance - and his marriage plans with Emily Zayn Malik opens up about Skype dates with fiancée Perrie Edwards Watch out Jamie Laing! Spencer's pal Hugo Taylor plans Made In Chelsea return Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston to play Lex Luthor in Man Of Steel sequel? Selena Gomez has her eye on new older man after Justin Bieber split Peter Andre talks romance - and his marriage plans with Emily  Zayn Malik opens up about Skype dates with fiancée Perrie Edwards Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards are just like any other busy couple who struggle to find time to spend together... MTV Video Music Awards 2013 Check out the best moments from this year's ceremony... Miley Cyrus strips off just one day after THAT controversial VMAs performance Before her new single was released, we'd almost forgotten why Miley Cyrus was famous. But... Most viewed Peter Andre's friend: Katie Price's emergency foreign C-section wasn't his fault Demi Lovato hit with naked picture scandal on her 21st birthday Made In Chelsea's Francis: Jamie Laing is the only person Spencer Matthews wouldn't cheat on Angelina Jolie and Brat Pitt Wedding: Daughter Zahara to be maid of honour Revealed: Prince William and Kate Middleton's plans for George's bedroom One Direction's Louis Tomlinson: Jay from The Wanted is a pr**k Kanye West reveals the first photo of baby North West Celebrity Big Brother 2013 housemate Courtney Stodden: Top 10 facts Downton Abbey Season 4: Michelle Dockery reveals Lady Mary's love interests 1D premiere: Zayn Malik and Perrie spark engagement rumours as Liam debuts new girlfriend Danny Cipriani "acting as if he's had a lucky escape" after Kelly Brook split Zayn Malik and Perrie Edwards engaged: Singer wants One Direction as best men Harry Styles: Taylor Swift can write more break-up songs about me Victoria Beckham talks family parties, the school run and smiling in pictures Robert Pattinson slams Twilight fans: "What do they do all day?" Peter Andre's friend: Katie Price's emergency foreign C-section wasn't his fault Demi Lovato hit with naked picture scandal on her 21st birthday Made In Chelsea's Francis: Jamie Laing is the only person Spencer Matthews wouldn't cheat on Famous people with dyslexia There are a lot of celebrities who suffer with dyslexia. Check them out, you might be surprised... Celebrity net worth: How rich are these stars? Ever wondered how much the stars have in the bank? Look no further... Kim Kardashian and Kanye West: From sex tape shame to super couple fame Check out the A-List couple's journey to parenthood... New Doctor Who: Steven Moffat talks "older, fiercer" Peter Capaldi The man behind Doctor Who has given a few hints as to what we can expect from the next incarnation of Doctor Who... Celebrity Big Brother 2013: The housemates Check out this year's line-up... To Russia with love: Wentworth Miller tells Film Festival he's gay Former Prison Break star Wentworth Miller has come out as gay in a bid to highlight Russia's controversial anti-gay propaganda laws... Simon Cowell opens up about becoming a father Simon Cowell may have had a touch of the proud dad about him at the One Direction: This Is Us premiere last night... One Direction This Is Us: Ten Little Things we learnt from the 1D movie Unless you've been living under a rock or in a room with no Internet or television, you'll know that last night was One Direction's movie premiere... Sherlock Series 3 Spoilers: Dishevelled Benedict Cumberbatch snapped shooting new scenes Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman have been photographed filming new scenes for Season 3 of Sherlock... This Is Us: One Direction fans get hysterical ahead of movie premiere One Direction's movie This Is Us premieres in London's Leicester Square tonight. And after months of excitement around the fly-on-the wall film... Zayn Malik on Perrie Edwards, US fans and what will happen if 1D split Zayn Malik is probably One Direction's least vocal member - in terms of the press, not his singing talent... Twilight reunion? Robert Pattinson "missing Kristen Stewart like crazy" One minute they’re off, the next they’re on again. Robert Pattinson is reportedly struggling to get over Kristen Stewart – and she feels the same... Amber Heard opens up about Johnny Depp relationship Amber Heard and Johnny Depp like to keep their relationship to themselves - but now the actress has addressed her romance in a new interview... Chris Fountain's final Coronation Street scenes filmed after he's sacked for offensive raps Chris Fountain has spoken out to express his regret and understanding after he was sacked from his role as Tommy Duckworth in Coronation Street... All celebrity news Special offers... Our partners Advertising Email this page to a friend Don't miss... Celebrity single mums Child stars grown up: Then and now Marvin and Rochelle's wedding anniversary: The Humes love story Celebrity adoptions: Stars who adopt a child  Most Popular 24h 1 Week 1 Month Peter Andre outraged after pregnant girlfriend Emily MacDonagh is branded stupid 07/08/2013 Peter Andre talks romance - and his marriage plans with Emily 13h30 Peter Andre's friend: Katie Price's emergency foreign C-section wasn't his fault 21/08/2013 Katie Price baby: Jordan gives birth eight weeks early 18/08/2013 Made In Chelsea Series 6 starts filming: 10 reasons we're excited! 25/07/2013 Demi Lovato hit with naked picture scandal on her 21st birthday 21/08/2013 Zayn Malik opens up about Skype dates with fiancée Perrie Edwards 11h30 Made In Chelsea's Francis: Jamie Laing is the only person Spencer Matthews wouldn't cheat on 22/08/2013 Niall Horan speaks out about night with Made In Chelsea's Louise 16/08/2013 Miley Cyrus strips off just one day after THAT controversial VMAs performance 09h45 Peter Andre's friend: Katie Price's emergency foreign C-section wasn't his fault 21/08/2013 Peter Andre outraged after pregnant girlfriend Emily MacDonagh is branded stupid 07/08/2013 Katie Price baby: Jordan gives birth eight weeks early 18/08/2013 Demi Lovato hit with naked picture scandal on her 21st birthday 21/08/2013 Liam Payne new girlfriend: Singer dating old school friend Sophia Smith 19/08/2013 Niall Horan and Ellie Goulding dating? Nellie spotted kissing at V Festival 20/08/2013 Niall Horan speaks out about night with Made In Chelsea's Louise 16/08/2013 Katie Price reacts to news that Peter Andre's girlfriend is pregnant 23/07/2013 Louis Tomlinson sparks One Direction split rumours as he's signed by Doncaster Rovers 02/08/2013 Made In Chelsea's Francis: Jamie Laing is the only person Spencer Matthews wouldn't cheat on 22/08/2013 Peter Andre outraged after pregnant girlfriend Emily MacDonagh is branded stupid 07/08/2013 Katie Price hits back at Peter Andre Twitter abuse 25/07/2013 Peter Andre set to propose to pregnant girlfriend Emily MacDonagh? 31/07/2013 Peter Andre's friend: Katie Price's emergency foreign C-section wasn't his fault 21/08/2013 Katie Price baby: Jordan gives birth eight weeks early 18/08/2013 Angry One Direction fans spark suicide rumours after TV documentary 16/08/2013 Made In Chelsea Series 6 starts filming: 10 reasons we're excited! 25/07/2013 Benedict Cumberbatch girlfriend? Actor seen holding hands with mystery woman 29/07/2013 Best mates Gerard Butler and Bradley Cooper fighting over new Batman role? 07/08/2013 Kate Middleton and Prince William plan baby George's first holiday 07/08/2013  Don't miss out! ...Join our newsletter Get the sofeminine latest straight to your inbox  OK Find us on...  Copyright  1999-2013 so Feminine .co.uk This week: Food & Drink Special : recipes from A to Z , by country , by duration , by type - Surnames - E-cards Axel Springer Group : Idealo.co.uk   