    Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home  Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Auto Basics Auto Parts  Systems Auto Racing Buying  Selling Car Models Driving  Safety Fuel Efficiency Motorcycles Trucks Under the Hood Home / Auto / Car Models / Classic  Collectible / 1970s / Ford More Stuff Like This Watch awe-inspiring shows on TestTube. Dangerous Hypermiling Techniques Auto Puzzles 1971 Ford LTD Convertible Coupe by the Auto Editors of Consumer Guide  Classic Cars Image Gallery The 1971 Convertible Coupe was Ford's first ragtop model in the popular LTD series. See more classic car pictures . The 1971 Ford LTD Convertible Coupe was the first of its kind for the legendary automobile manufacturer, and one of the last as well. Classic Cars Image Gallery From its arrival in 1965, the LTD infused the full-size Ford lineup with a sense of luxury more often associated with higher-priced cars. Value-conscious shoppers found that a bargain hard to pass up, and by the end of the 1960s, the LTD was pressing the more modestly priced Galaxie 500 for sales supremacy among Ford's big family cars. The LTD lineup grew stronger in 1970 with the addition of plusher Brougham models. By 1971, however, interest in convertibles was waning and this classic car was short-lived. Originally the province of a couple hardtop models, the LTD eventually added a four-door sedan and took the Country Squire station wagon under its wing. But one thing it never had until 1971 was a convertible. In 1970, Ford's lone big open car was in the XL series, but that was the last run for the division's full-size sports models. Though convertible demand was waning in general, Ford kept the ragtop and elevated it to LTD status. Full-size Fords were totally restyled for 1971. The look began with a prominent vertical grille theme evolved from 1969-1970 LTDs and XLs. Headlamps were exposed, but set in deep cavities that flanked the central grille. The trailing edge of the domed hood now concealed the windshield wipers. On the sides, a pair of creases bulged out from the far ends of the car, then faded again toward the middle. A large inset cove under the trunklid held the taillights, which were a three-section design on LTDs and Broughams. Inside, there was a new, flatter instrument panel. The instrument panel was newer and flatter than in previous models. Wheelbase continued at 121 inches, as it had been since 1969, but front- and rear-wheel tracks were fractionally wider. A power ventilation system was newly standard. Growing concerns about vehicle safety were addressed by steel Guard Rails now built inside each door. Except for the two optional 429-cid V-8s, all carryover engines used in big Fords lost 10 bhp from 1970. Standard in LTDs was a 351-cid V-8 with a three-speed manual gearbox. Available V-8s were the veteran 390-cube job, a new 400-cid powerplant, and the 429s. Most LTDs and Broughams came with the SelectShift Cruise-O-Matic automatic transmission. This was one of 5,750 LTD Convertibles made in 1971. LTD standard equipment included power front disc brakes, a self-regulating clock, and woodgrain interior appliques. The convertible added vinyl upholstery and a five-ply vinyl power top (in a choice of white or black) with a tempered glass rear window. Soft-top prices began at $4,094. Vinyl interior was one of the LTD's standard options. The well-traveled -- but well-maintained -- 1971 LTD convertible seen here belongs to David and Karen Erschen, of Pontiac, Illinois, There are more than 113,000 miles on the pale green ragtop's odometer, but its parts are all original. Over time, the body and engine compartment have been repainted and the bumpers rechromed. The LTD Convertible was powered by a 400 V-8 with a two-barrel carburetor. Power comes from a 260-bhp 400 V-8 with a two-barrel carburetor. The Cruise-O-Matic trans was required with this engine. Other accessories include power steering, power front seat, AM/FM stereo, air conditioning, cornering lamps, and deluxe wheel covers. The Erschen's LTD is one of 5,750 convertibles built for 1971. After another 4,234 came out for 1972, the LTD's whirlwind romance with open-air motoring ended. For more information on cars, see: Classic Cars Muscle Cars Sports Cars New Car Search Used Car Search Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: the Auto Editors of Consumer Guide. "1971 Ford LTD Convertible Coupe" 04 October 2007. HowStuffWorks.com. http://auto.howstuffworks.com/1971-ford-ltd-convertible-coupe.htm 27 August 2013. Cite Feedback  More To Explore  More Great Links Top 10 Green Driving Tips 5 Scariest Stunt Car Feats The Ultimate CarStuff Fan Quiz 5 Warning Signs You Need New Tires 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars Watch American Chopper videos >> You Might Also Like 1973 Chevrolet Chevelle SS Coupe The Chevelle SS earned a place among the top muscle cars of the era. It came in a number of trims and colors while the 350 engine was rated at 145 net horsepower. See pictures and learn why this classic car was one of the era's finest. 1972 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am Trans Am already was in the process of developing a legion of aficionados, but you wouldn't know it from the year-end figures from 1972. Learn more about rare 1972 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am. Popular Articles 1967-1977 NSU Ro80 1971-1975 Plymouth GTX & Road Runner 1979 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am and 10th Anniversary Trans Am  Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars How to Calculate Your Car's Fuel Consumption 5 Engine Oil Myths Quiz: Concept Cars That Made It Top 10 Car Summer Maintenance Tips  Most Watched Understanding Cars Auto Parts & Systems Deconstructed Wrecks to Riches: Rebuilding Classic Cars Car Accident Videos Bikes, Hacks, Trikes and Choppers  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS      STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home  Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit  Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US  1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc   