 DFW Arts and Entertainment Meetup Group Home  This is a meetup for folks who enjoy going to the opera, the theater, museums, contemporary art galleries, classical and jazz music concerts and foreign movies  --  all in the company of other like-minded arts fans. You should join if you enjoy these types of events and want to share your experiences and meet others. The meetup is open to all but our focus is on a mature audience with discerning tastes (or, at least, curiosity). Most of our events will require the purchase of a ticket, so you must be passionate about the arts to truly benefit from our group. When possible, we'll try to schedule a pre-or-post event get-together to have a drink or grab a bite to discuss our thoughts and impressions about the event or just to catch-up. Please note:  We don't push commercial ventures on you. Solicitation of members at Meetups, via message boards or via this website by commercial organizations or individuals is contrary to the spirit of the group and may result in removal from the group. If you'd like to join us, just: 1.) Have a profile photo showing your face.   (This is required so your organizer remembers who's who) 2.) And answer the profile questions.   (So that we know a little bit about you and what type of events we should plan)     We're 470 Arts and Culture Lovers This Meetup Group is closed to new members. Check out other Socializing Meetups near you.  DFW Arts and Entertainment Meetup Group http://www.meetup.com/DFW-Arts-and-Entertainment-Meetup-Group/ http://photos2.meetupstatic.com/photos/event/7/c/b/c/global_87331932.jpeg Dallas , TX 75206 FoundedNov 27, 2010 20101127 Arts and Culture Lovers 470 Group reviews 32 Upcoming Meetups 2 Past Meetups 114 We're about: Meeting New People  New In Town  Womens Social  Dining Out  Social Networking  Social  Friends  Dancing  Movie Fans  Live Music  Live Theatre  Arts Music Theatre Entertainment  Organizer: Aurora Contact People in this Meetup are also in:  30 Something Friends Group 1,233 Friends Next Meetup: Saturday, Aug 31 Around Arlington Meetup 1,748 Arlington Friends Next Meetup: Wednesday, Aug 28 20 and 30 somethings in DALLAS - Awesome Stuff 5,927 awesome people Next Meetup: Friday, Sep 06 Dallas Great Books and Movies Club 557 Great Books and Movies Members Next Meetup: Tuesday, Sep 10 DFW Words  Wine 935 Book  Wine Lovers Next Meetup: Saturday, Aug 31 Dallas Singles Travel Group 913 Travellers Next Meetup: Wednesday, Aug 28  114,432,690 RSVPs! hide What's new Log in Sign up Find a Meetup Group Start a Meetup Group  Show me the Meetups About Careers Help Blog Tech Blog API Made in NYC Meetup Everywhere Offer a Perk 2013 Meetup Privacy  Terms English Deutsch Espaol Franais Italiano Portugus Log in Not registered with us yet? Sign up Email address: Password: Forgot your password? Keep me signed in  or Log in using Facebook Sign up Meetup members, Log in Your name Your email Pick a password  or Sign up using Facebook By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service  Privacy Policy 