 Fun News Sports Tips  The Auto Industry (Posted On January 5, 2013 by Maximum ) The auto industry, which dates back to the 1900s, has always been a very important sector in every country with countless benefits. Very many milestones have aided in shaping up the modern day auto industry. If you examine closely the history of the industry, it is easy to see the major developments that have weathered several ups and downs over centuries. The recent events for instance the industry-slowdown, bankruptcy in car companies, globalization of vehicle-manufacturing are just but a few challenges the industry has had to drag through. The auto industry is a critical component in the growth of a countrys economy. The industry has an extensive inter-connection to other sectors of a countrys economy. The transport industry cuts across almost each and every activity carried out in a country. We all know the importance of transport in a country and its impact in the economy if the sector performs poorly in any kind of way. The transport sector however is 100% dependent on the auto industry, it wouldnt be largely argued if it was stated that the auto industry forms one of the crucial backbones of a countrys economy. The auto industry touches tremendously the regional and national employment, development, research and innovation, foreign direct-investment, health care, education among others. The industry has also benefited the research, innovation and science sector. In addition, the auto industry has promoted the infrastructure services in building and maintenance In many countries, the auto industry contributes not less than 3 percent to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). It employs millions of people in different sectors such as in designing, manufacturing, engineering, supplying parts, assembling and other services including selling of vehicles. The industry is also a major consumer of lots of goods and services derived from other sectors; utilizes raw materials, construction sectors, computer sector, machinery, advertising, healthcare and the financial sector. In addition, the auto industry giants such as Ford spend a lot of money ensuring circulation of money in a country, which is very important in its economy. It is very difficult to imagine the manufacturing industry surviving without the auto industry. The auto industry does not only impact a countrys economy, but has tremendous impacts on the global economy in several ways. The industry has grown very significantly over the years and is taking a new turn every single day. The latest technology has been encompassed in the auto industry to ensure quality cars, made with quality parts and excellent design. The industry is also taking a new shape in its distribution and selling sector. You can order a car of your choice from anywhere in the world and you will most definitely get it! This overwhelming growth of the auto industry; from manufacturing to distribution and selling in the next few years will be in another level for sure! The first few years of the millennium has seen a major development in the industry to the recent day where we see different luxurious cars unlike in the past. However, the growth faces several challenges especially economic downturns that have in the recent years been hitting major countries of the industry. This has been attributed to the fact that few people can afford to buy expensive cars, and even though the industry is growing positively in terms of development, the trend is likely to continue in coming years. Posted in News | Leave a comment Reasons Why You Should Buy a New Car Instead of a Used One (Posted On August 30, 2012 by Maximum ) Was it always your dream to own a new car but you could never afford one? With all the new models of cars available today, it makes any car lover to want to trade their used car for a new one. Who wouldn’t? Car dealerships including Arrigo Fiat of West Palm Beach will work with you and your budget so you can afford to buy a new car and to trade out of your old one. Are you still on the line as to purchase a new car or a used one? Then keep reading because here are several reasons why you should buy a new car instead of a used car. No Mechanical or Maintenance Problems Are you sick and tired of constantly spending hundreds of dollars on car repairs and maintenance every month or year to keep your old rust bucket kicking? When you buy a brand new car from a dealership, you won’t have to worry about any mechanical or maintenance problems because every part is brand new, not corroded or rusty and lubed up. Every car is tested before it leaves the manufacturer and then inspected once it arrives at the dealership to make sure it is in tip top shape for you to drive off with. New Cars Come With Warranties When you buy a used car from a private seller or a used car dealership, the car you buy either doesn’t have a warranty or a short limited warranty that lasts 30 to 90 days at most. If you buy a new car, you don’t have to worry about paying out of pocket in case something goes wrong with the car because it will be under a manufacturer’s warranty until you reach 3 years or 36,000 miles. There are several extended warranties that manufacturer’s have so you won’t have to worry about any repair or maintenance costs during the life of your car. Better Financing Terms Used car loans usually have a higher finance interest rate than if you were to buy a new car. Many financing companies and dealerships work out a deal where their car of the month or quarter is eligible to receive a 0% interest rate or a very low interest rate. This draws in people who never thought they could afford a new car because the low interest rates make it possible for many drivers to buy new instead of used. More Options Available Used cars are dying out and becoming eye sores in people’s back yards, driveways and in scrap yards. With new technologies continually evolving, cars are becoming smarter and more efficient than used cars. The new features many new cars offer include being a hybrid, electric, rear-parking assist, and improved safety features. Many used cars often have broken air conditioning units, manual locks, windows, and seats; whereas new cars come standard with electric windows, seats, doors, and locks. Plus, new cars are much safer than used cars with improved safety features and air bags installed in every car. Posted in Tips | Leave a comment 4 summer auto maintenance tips (Posted On August 24, 2012 by Maximum ) Summertime is the best travelling time, even with the gasoline prices being high; various individuals cannot resist the appeal of the open road and the sunny skies. Winter driving on the icy roads  salty build-ups might be tough on your car, but summertime driving has various hazards too. The heat tends to stress your engine, wear your tires down and work your car harder while trying to cool the engine. So if you are planning to enjoy the summertime driving please read the following car maintenance tips, featuring tips for engine treatment , tire maintenance, and more. Replace your fluid It is a known fact that various drivers never focus on fluids beyond the cars oil. But the car also has some fluid for the brakes and transmission, and a coolant in the engines radiator. These fluids help lubricate various parts of the engine thus preventing it from overheating. These fluids tend to get dirty and lose their effectiveness with time and if not replaced in time, old fluid tends to damage various parts of your car. So make sure you replace the fluids in time. Replace your wind-shield wipers The winter tends to be quite vicious on your wind-shield wipers, thus rendering them useless when you will get caught in the summertime rain shower. So make sure you replace the wipers when summertime begins. Rotate your tires If your car has winter tires , please change them during the summer time since they will not last longer. if you have summer tires, please check the tires tread. You can consider doing tire rotation to ensure that the tire treads are wearing equally. The tires must be rotated after every five thousand to ten thousand miles. Check tire pressure Normally Over-inflated tires have a-reduced-amount of traction during the rainy season, while under-inflated tires tend to bulge out thus putting much pressure on your cars sidewalls and making your tires vulnerable to blowout on a hot road. Therefore make sure you check the tire pressure before going for a trip and always make sure you are meeting the tire manufacturers recommended pressure levels. To enjoy summer time driving car maintenance is mandatory. This will save you time and money at the end of the day. Posted in Tips | Leave a comment Spring is Here-Get Your Car Ready for Out of City Travel (Posted On April 28, 2012 by Maximum ) Spring is the perfect time to go out of our comfort zones and stroll in different places with friends. It is one of the most wonderful seasons wherein trees are in its full color and flowers are totally in bloom. During this season, people can be seen everywhere. Some are having picnics in central parks while others are just having fun walking on the streets. The most exciting part of spending spring season is by visiting different places where you can mingle with your friends, families and relatives. With this, it is very important to check our cars to keep the journey moving smooth. If our vehicles are in good working condition, we cannot only enjoy travelling but we can also reach our destinations safe and sound. As we prepare our stuffs for the trip, we should also get our vehicles ready to run miles. In order to have wonderful and safe travel, checking the condition of our cars should be the first thing to do. We should be reminded that safety should come first before anything else. We have to check if the transmission of our car is still functioning well as its brakes and clutches. Add to that, we should secure that our car has good tires. Moreover, it would be better if we fuel our cars fully and with extra gasoline in case of emergency. When everything’s ready, then off we go. These are just some of the reminders that can help us have an enjoyable and secured travel. Safety and fun are what makes our journey more meaningful. So, for those who are planning to take pleasure on springtime, prepare for a fantastic travel by making sure that you have organized all the things you need. Lets have a perfect road trip with our loved ones as we enjoy seeing scenic views during spring season. Posted in Tips | Leave a comment Pros and cons of donating used cars for charity (Posted On January 27, 2012 by Maximum ) Donating used cars for charity can be done to almost any charitable institution. Most charitable institutions are more than happy to take off an old car from any donor. If the car is in working condition then there are also high chances that as a donor you will get a good price for it but that however should not be the object of charity. It is very easy to find a charitable institution but the pressing matter is how the car is used after the donation is made. Many charities use the cars in their operations while some charities also sell off the car in an auction. If the car is sold in an auction, then you as a donor have the right to tax deduction of the equal value of sale of the car. This is one fatal flaw in the process of donating used cars for charity as many people have tried to take advantage of this. Some charities also give cars away to people who are in need of them. This however can only happen if the car is in running condition. Many charities also do repair work to old worn out cars and then either auction them or give them away. It is better to give an old worn out car to scrap instead of giving it away to charity as it will only incur more expense. Many charities have tie ups with other charities and can make good use of a working car but a non working car may need to be fixed which simply means money out of the pockets of the charitable institution. One thing that you need to remember when you donate cars to charities is that you as a donor can direct where the proceeds of the car should go to. For this reason it is a good idea to evaluate the value of the car as it will not only give you a tax rebate but will also give you the power to direct the proceeds to wherever you wish. Posted in Tips | Leave a comment Holiday Season Gift Ideas For Car Owners (Posted On December 13, 2011 by Maximum ) It is that time of the year again, and everyone will be expecting an interesting gift under their Christmas tree. That also includes car owners who always enjoy a little something for their favorite auto. Chances are one of your relatives or friends owns a car and cant stop talking about it. He will definitely appreciate a little something from you. While it can seem easy to find an interesting gift, it can become a nightmare if youre not into auto parts or accessories. Here are a few suggestions that can help you pick out a gift. Subscribe him or her to a car magazine  this gift idea is on the low side of the budget and will be a welcomed gift by any driver. Just choose one of the local popular auto magazines that provide latest news about recent models, driving tips or new items that might help to improve their vehicle. Gift card or a gift certificate  simple and effective, this is perfect for those who leave their holiday shopping until the last minute. You can find gift cards at all major auto accessories stores,dealerships and even gas stations. Car washes  another simple idea, yet this will be greatly appreciated since car wash is one of those things that you dont like to do and pay for it at the same time. Exterior detailing package  such things may include waxing kit, tire and rim polishers, special window cleaners and more. Always a great addition to any car owners toolkit. Cool gadgets  something like bluetooth set, or a new GPS will especially be liked by a younger and more tech savvy drivers. Personalized license plates  if you know that this person had a fun nickname in college or follows a certain sports team, hell love the personalized license plate. These are just some of the few suggestions for your auto related holiday shopping. But no matter how small a gift, Im sure the receiving person will appreciate the gesture itself and you will be in their good graces until at least the next holiday season. Have a happy and safe commute during the holidays! Posted in News | Leave a comment Get your car ready for winter (Posted On November 4, 2011 by Maximum ) A lot of car owners tend to delay the neccessary preparations until the first snow, but with the winter season just around the corner, it is a good idea to do a few things with your vehicle to ensure smooth and safe usage over the course of the upcoming cold days. So what is it that you need to look into? Check on your tires First and foremost hazard during winter are snowy and icy roads. If you leave in a big city, it is likely that maintenance crews will sand or salt road surface right after the snowfall, but at the same time its better to be prepared anyway. If you have a summer set of tires on your auto, you should definitely consider switching to the winter set. Even if the winter is moderate in your area, and the tempretature is hovering above 0, it is still quite possibly for the roads to get icy with the chill wind. Having all-season tires may last you through the less snowy months, but do keep in mind that in extreme weather conditions they still maybe dangerous to drive with. Other than that, always make sure your tires have good pressure in them and are properly balanced. Service your electrical system Another issue during this season is starting your car in the cold mornings, especially if its parked outside. One of the reasons for tough start is old car battery. Consider doing a check at your local auto station and possibly replacing it with a new one. By the way, to get your battery going in the morning, you can try turning on the headlights for a few seconds before starting your vehicle. Check your engine oil Every engine needs a regular oil change, and change of seasons is a good time to perform another one, even if its unscheduled. If youre expecting extremely low temperatures, try choosing an oil that is best suited for that, it often may differ from the regular oil youve been using thus far. Other tips Always leave your car idle for a couple of minutes before driving to warm up the engine, it will help to prolong its lifespan. Change your wiperblades to winter edition, they will help to fight snow and dirt better during your drive. When cleaning your windshield from snow in the morning, dont lift up your wipers in the beginning, warm up the windshield first  in that case the lifting action will not harm the rubber element. Always make sure to change your windshield washing fluid to winter type, and keep a spare jug in your trunk. Also always take with you booster cables and a bag of sand just in case. Rust proof your vehicle, this is very important to fight salt and freezing water during the course of the winter. Posted in Tips | Leave a comment What happens in Seattle (Posted On October 26, 2011 by Maximum ) This story took place in Seattle. Some guy decided to load up on free gas and picked his target  an old RV parked on a quiet street. A few hours later passing by police car found out our young hero vomitting unstoppably while bending over a puddle of crap. Turns out, the so-called thief sticked his pipe into RVs poop tank release hole And even though he admitted he was trying to steal gas, the owner of the vehicle decided not to press charges saying that he hasnt laughed so hard in a while. Posted in Fun | Leave a comment Brake system of your car and its maintenance (Posted On October 15, 2011 by Maximum ) Normally most of the components associated with the brake system of your current vehicle are made to last for a long time, however it is highly recommended to examine your braking system frequently and replace brake pads, rotors, line and fluid if required. To have an understanding of the importance of the braking system lets briefly look at how it functions. Whenever a driver pushes the brake pedal in your vehicle, it engages the primary brake cylinder. The piston inside the cylinder generates the pressure within the brake lines which in turn are connected to every single wheel. After that the brake fluid under pressure activates each and every individual wheel cylinder, which in turn then pushes brake pads to the rotors. This causes each of the wheels to stop rotating which therefore causes the entire car or truck to stop going further. Also an interesting note  the design of the vacuum brake booster, which makes it less difficult for us drivers to put pressure on the brake pedal, and makes the entire system more efficient. After a certain period of driving there can come a moment when the brake pads can become thin and worn out, which often you can tell by screeching or squealing noises coming from your wheels when youre applying brakes. If not addressed, the pad might potentially ruin brake rotor which may require its replacement due to the fact even if you put in new pads, they will most likely need another replacement once again following just a few months of driving your car. However if pads are maintained and changed regularly, the replacement of the brake rotors may not be ever needed, and you can get away by simply resurfacing them all. In fact, all drivers need to perform the sanding and resurfacing of their rotors every now and then anyway. This will definetely keep their surface smooth and equal and each of those rotors and pads will stay in good shape much longer. You may usually identify that the rotor is warped by pulsating brake pedal. There are lots of symptoms by which you can tell that your brake systems needs service. For example, if you notice that your brake pedal travels too far anytime you brake, that may mean air within the brake lines. Commonly you can pump the pedal whenever you begin using the brakes, but it is important to analyze your brake system and locate the problem. Other signs of faulty brakes can also include plushy brake pedal, hard brake pedal, dragging or pulling to one side, metal-to-metal sraping noise when braking. For best results in figuring out and repairing your brakes you should visit your towns auto mechanic sooner rather than later. Posted in Tips | Leave a comment What to look for when buying used auto (body) (Posted On September 16, 2011 by Maximum ) There are a few things you must check when looking for used vehicle. Body  pay close attention to the paint, you can spot defects if you see spots of different color or texture. If you see spherical bumps, that could possibly be caused by a previous collision, or rust. If you see spots of older paint near windshield or rear window, that could mean that the car has been re-painted in the past. It is also recommended to check tightness of the hood, trunk and doors, their easyness of opening / closing, make sure the locks are working. Also check for rustic spots on the locks, moist on the inside of the doors and the carpets, that could been loose doors or windows that let moist inside. Posted in Tips | Leave a comment  Older posts Maximum Rides Latest The Auto Industry Reasons Why You Should Buy a New Car Instead of a Used One 4 summer auto maintenance tips Spring is Here-Get Your Car Ready for Out of City Travel Pros and cons of donating used cars for charity Calendar August 2013 M T W T F S S  Jan  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Automotive Resources Helpful Info DesignScape Interior Design Sitemap Privacy Policy Disclaimer Terms Contact Us  