 MY ZIP CODE: HOME | ABOUT AAA Membership Travel Travel Information Discounts Auto Services Insurance Financial Join AAA Membership Benefits Member Savings Air Reservation Car Rental Hotels Approved Lodging Hotel Discounts Cruises AAA Vacations Vacations Travel Planning Member Savings Travel Agents Destination Activities Travel Insurance Disney Destinations Travel Guides Maps & Directions Hotels Restaurants Attractions & Events Campgrounds Gas Prices Travel Savings Restaurants Automotive Shopping Entertainment & Attractions Personal Services Home & Business International Roadside Assistance Automotive News Battery Replacement Automotive News Auto Maintenance Approved Auto Repair Auto Buying Gas Prices Auto Auto Discounts Homeowners Life Travel Other Credit Cards Travel Money Checks Savings Accounts  Save on Auto Products  Services at  Locations in Your Area Transportation costs taking a big bite out of your wallet? When it comes to car rentals and automotive care, this is one part of your budget that could use a break. That's exactly what you get with AAA's Show Your Card  Save® discount program. As a valued AAA member, you enjoy exclusive savings on auto parts and accessories, as well as car and truck rentals at locations across the country. It's just one of the many benefits of membership with America's most trusted auto club. Use the search form on this page or visit AAA discounts to find automotive discounts in your neighborhood. Our Show Your Card  Save® member discount program enables you to take advantage of special AAA deals from the name brands you know and trust. Companies like Hertz , which gives discounts for daily, weekly and monthly vehicle rentals. Or Penske Truck Rental , which provides AAA members with savings on one-way truck rentals booked online, as well as discounts on local rentals and moving supplies. When you need service performed on your vehicle, visit one of the thousands of AAA Approved Auto Repair shops to receive discounts on parts and labor. You can also save money on most auto parts and accessories at NAPA retailers across the U.S. Simply show your AAA membership card to save at a location near you, or save time and money by shopping online. It's that easy! When you need to rent a vehicle or purchase auto supplies, go to AAA discounts to find the services available in your area. Or download the AAA mobile app and search for savings when you're on the move. No wonder it pays to be a member with AAA. Travel Savings  Restaurants  Automotive  Shopping  Entertainment  Attractions  Personal Services  Home  Business  International  Back to Home  Copyright  AAA Rights Reserved  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy 