 Skip to Main Content Home FAQs Site Index E-mail Your Question Chat FREE Publications Get E-mail Updates Change Text Size Espaol Contact Us Search Follow Us: 1-800-FED-INFO (333-4636) Home Menu Search Services Back Services Find Government Jobs Change of Address Find Government Jobs Change of Address Get It Done Online Look Up a Social Media Account Apply for a Passport Find Cheapest Gas Prices Shop Government Auctions MORE SERVICES  Blog Back Blog  News From Our Blog More Blog Posts  Topics Back Topics Benefits and Grants Business and Nonprofits Consumer Protection Consumer Publications Defense and International Environment, Energy, and Agriculture Family, Home, and Community Government Performance Government Sales and Auctions Health and Nutrition History, Arts, and Culture Jobs and Education Money and Taxes Public Safety and Law Public Service and Volunteerism Reference and General Government Science and Technology Travel and Recreation Voting and Elections More Topics Government Agencies Back Government Agencies All Government Federal Government A-Z Index of the United States Government Federal Government State, Local, and Tribal State Government Local Government Tribal Government  Contact Government Back Contact Government  U.S. Congress and White House Governor and State Legislators Contact Government Elected Officials Agency Contacts Contact Us Look Up a Social Media Account MORE CONTACTS FAQs Espaol You Are Here Home  Travel, Transportation, and Recreation  Car Buying and Maintenance  Car Repairs Download Adobe Reader Car Repairs Share: Facebook Twitter E-mail Estetemaenespaol Whenever You Take Your Car in for Repairs: Choose a reliable repair shop. Family, friends or an independent consumer rating organization should be able to help you. Look for shops that display various certifications that are current. You should also check out the shop's record with your local consumer protection office or Better Business Bureau. Describe the symptoms. Don't try to diagnose the problem. Make it clear that work cannot begin until you have a written estimate and you give your okay. . Never sign a blank repair order. If the problem can't be diagnosed on the spot, insist that the shop contact you for authorization once the trouble has been found. Ask the shop to keep the old parts for you. If a repair is covered under warranty, follow the warranty instructions.. Get all repair warranties in writing. Keep copies of all paperwork. Some states, cities and counties have special laws that deal with auto repairs. For information on the laws in your state, contact your state or local consumer protection office . In addition, the FTC provides a complete consumer guide to auto repair.  Know Your Rights My dealership went out of business. What happens to my vehicle warranty? Even if your car dealership has gone out of business, you may still have coverage under your warranty. Manufacturer warranties are still valid and are not affected by dealer closures. However, you may have to travel farther to get a certified dealer that can honor the warranty. In the event that you bought a car from an affected dealership, the manufacturer should notify you about where to take your car for service. However, if you have a dealership-backed or third-party warranty and the dealership goes out of business, your warranty may be worthless. Consumer Action Handbook Get helpful tips on preventing identity theft, understanding credit, filing a consumer complaint, and more. Order your FREE copy or download a PDF version. Order Publication   Page Last Reviewed or Updated: August 23, 2013 Stay Connected to USA.gov RSS Get E-mail Updates 1-800-FED-INFO (333-4636) Find Us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Blog RSS 1-800-FED-INFO (333-4636) Home About Us Contact Us FAQs Website Policies Privacy Link to Us Developers About USA.gov Home About Us Contact Us FAQs Website Policies Privacy Link to Us Developers Back to Top USA.gov is the U.S. government's official web portal.  