 Skip to Local Navigation | Skip to Content Future Students Current Students Faculty  Staff Visitors  Friends Quick Links Academic Calendar Admissions Bookstore Business Office Campuses Calendars Catalog Class Schedule Continuing Education Degree  Career Programs Departments Economic Development Employment Financial Aid Services International Libraries Online Courses Phone Directory Records/Transcripts Security/Parking Support Valencia Events  go  Home East Campus Arts and Entertainment Theater   Home Art Studio/Fine Art Home Faculty Links FAQ Anita S. Wooten East Campus Gallery Contact Us Camps Home Dance Home Degree In Dance Non-Majors Program Events and Tickets Auditions Performance Schedule VSDI - Summer Dance Institute Faculty FAQ Contact Us Digital Media Home Faculty & Staff Student Work Links Lab FAQ Contact Entertainment Design & Technology Home Faculty & Staff Links FAQ Contact Film Technology Home Contact Graphics Technology Home Degrees Lab Faculty & Staff Student Work FAQ Resources Music Home Faculty Voices of Valencia Contact Us Music & Sound Technology Home Theater Home Theatre Schedule Ticket Information Faculty Contact Anita S. Wooten Gallery Home Online Gallery Performing Arts Center Welcome Valencie College Theater produces four major productions each year, as well as a series of student-directed one-act plays. Productions are held either in our 558-seat Performing Arts Center, or our more intimate Black Box Theater, both located on the East Campus. The season runs from October through June each school year, with variety and educational opportunities for both students and audiences driving the selection of plays. Recent productions have included major musicals, avant-garde plays, classical drama and comedy, contemporary Broadway hits, and favorite revivals. Valencias Theater Department also sponsors an annual competition among playwrights who reside in Florida. We solicit never-before-produced manuscripts each fall, which are read and evaluated by a committee of readers. One script is selected, and after extensive workshopping with staff, students and writer, it is presented as a fully staged production in the Black Box Theater. Acting and directing students also produce two sets of student-directed one-act plays that are offered on consecutive Wednesday afternoons in April. A RAISIN IN THE SUN has been cast, and we're excited to announce that Orlando actor Avis Marie Barnes will be a guest artist on East Campus for this production, playing the role of Mama. Production dates are February 15-26, 2012, in the Black Box Theater. Tickets are on sale now. The winning play from our 2011-12 Florida Playwright Competition has been selected, and the winner and runners-up notified. A public announcement will follow in January. This is the 21st year Valencia College Theater has produced the World Premiere of a play written by a writer who resides in Florida. It is a rare educational opportunity for our tech, design, and acting students to have the chance to work on a production with the involvement of the playwright. Auditions will be held in February, and the production goes up in April. (Hint: the play has a large cast, with roles available for actors from late teens to 60+. Our auditions are open to the community. For more information, email director Julia Gagne at jgagne@valenciacollege.ecu.)   There are no events this week.  Have you seen our season ticket packages? Enjoy our plays, musical, and dance concerts at a 35% discount!... http://t.co/qxrZlTLU The drawing for the set of "Urinetown: The Musical"! Design by faculty Gregory Loftus! New shapes, techniques,... http://t.co/f0PI42Uv Welcome to October everyone! Our CENTRAL FLORIDA WEEKEND CHOICES and PICKS for Thursday October 4th– Wednesday... http://t.co/sutv7tcX WEEKEND CHOICES and PICKS for Thursday September 27th – Wednesday October 3rd (and beyond)! (Now no one can say... http://t.co/G1S46Y0g "Oleanna" has a wonderful writeup from James Tutten! Make sure to catch this heated play for FREE beginning tomorrow! http://t.co/loSuL4NB  Get Social LinkedIn Google+ Vimeo YouTube Safety FourSquare Twitter Flickr Facebook     Valencia Mobile Who Current Students Faculty & Staff Future Students Visitors & Friends What Admissions Continuing Ed Degrees Departments Economic Development Financial Aid News Policy Manual Programs  Where Academic Calendar Class Schedule Libraries Locations Phone Directory Valencia Events  How Contact Employment Records Search Support Transcripts   PRIVACY  |   CONSUMER INFORMATION  |   SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER USAGE  |  Copyright © 2013 Valencia College |  P.O. BOX 3028 - Orlando, Florida 32802 - 407-299-5000 Valencia College provides equal opportunity for educational opportunities and employment to all. Contact the Office of Human Resources and Diversity for information.   