 Text only Print this page | E-mail this page | Add to favourites     Architecture, Design, Fashion Creative Economy Drama  Dance Film Literature Music Visual Arts  Words and Beyond Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 17 - 20 February 2009  Listed below are the Biographies and Abstracts of Participants Please contact Sinead.Russell@britishcouncil.org for more information or click here for a copy of the programme. CO-CHAIRS Sandie Mourão Sandie Mourão is a freelance teacher, teacher trainer, consultant and materials designer based in Portugal. She specialises in pre-school and lower primary and is particularly interested in the use of free play and children’s literature to promote language acquisition. Sandie has presented widely in ELT conferences and also contributes to a number of ELT and academic journals. She has worked on writing projects with Scholastic USA, Mary Glasgow Scholastic, OUP and Macmillan Mexico, as well as with publishers in Portugal.   She is active in promoting good practice in Portugal and is founder of the pre-school and primary English teachers’ group APPInep, a subset of the Portuguese English Teacher’s Association – APPI. She co authored the national guidelines for English in Portuguese primary education, and supervised the in-service online training programs. She has also been very active within IATEFL (The International Association of Teachers of English as a Foreign Language) first as coordinator of their Young Learner SIG and more recently as trustee and a member of the association’s Coordinating Committee. In January 2008 Sandie began a doctoral research project at the University of Aveiro in Portugal, funded by the Fundação para a Ciência e a Tecnologia.  Her research involves investigating the role of picture book illustration in foreign language acquisition. For more of Sandie's work, please click here . Abstract I: Picture Books – A Peek at What’s Out There! This session begins in the hotel where participants will be provided with e a brief introduction to the array of authors and titles that are available to the seminar participants if they wish to pursue the world of the picture book in their teaching. The aim is to give a taste of what can be found; look at some author and illustrator styles and hopefully motivate participants into furthering their relationship with one or other picture book.  The session will continue in the Kinokuniya bookshop, where a number of picture books will be available on display and to purchase. The objective of this session is for the seminar participants to select a title which they think is suitable for their context to use in the workshop on Friday. Abstract II: Words and Beyond: The Texts in Your Context This workshop will enable participants to use the knowledge and information gained from the seminar to discuss and share ideas of how to exploit a picture book.  We hope that together participants can discuss and justify the selection a particular picture book; devise a small number of tasks and activities; provide clear learning outcomes and outline how children will benefit from interacting with the said picture book. This will be the first step towards providing a small bank of ideas for educators to access online through the British Council. Maha Siripathy Maha Sripathy is a teacher educator and has been working with language and literacy teachers in Australia, Singapore, India and the region. Much of her work with teachers and with NGOs focuses on language curriculum development, empowerment through critical literacy and raising awareness of and sensitivity to language. She is also actively involved in the translation of literary works and has been invited to adjudicate in literary and creative writing competitions. As past president and secretary of The Society for Reading and Literacy she conscientiously promoted children’s literature and reading to children. In her present capacity as president of the English Language and Literature Teachers’ Association, Singapore(ELLTAS), she organizes regular professional workshops  to develop English Language teachers’ knowledge and understanding of effective pedagogies. The use of literature to develop critical and creative thinking is a special strand the society has been actively promoting through its seminars and cluster forums. Abstract I :Picture Power: Literacy through Critical Engagement with Visual Texts Stories are generally assumed to provide pleasure and entertainment. This is especially true of stories for children. The fun element is an important feature and hence the significant role accorded to illustrations. While much attention is paid to the linguistic text in children’s literature, illustrations are viewed as mere appendages and therefore command less attentive analysis. And yet the ability to read the visual texts demands knowledge of cultures, histories and lived experiences way beyond the thoughts encapsulated in written texts. This session will walk delegates through the subtexts that run parallel in selected children’s literature to show how teaching children ways of reading the illustrations develops not just their linguistic knowledge but also their interpretative and analytical skills. The power of visuals to capture and convey the cultural, social and political situatedness of texts will be the focus. Abstract II : Words and Beyond: The Texts in Your Context This workshop will enable participants to use the knowledge and information gained from the seminar to discuss and share ideas of how to exploit a picture book.  We hope that together participants can discuss and justify the selection a particular picture book; devise a small number of tasks and activities; provide clear learning outcomes and outline how children will benefit from interacting with the said picture book. This will be the first step towards providing a small bank of ideas for educators to access online through the British Council. SPEAKERS Daphne Lee Daphne specialises in children’s and young adult literature. As a features writer for StarMag, Malaysia’s leading English daily, she created Malaysia’s first regular column on children’s and young adult books, entitled Tots to Teens. In addition, she is Project Manager for The Dram Projects, a non-profit community centre in Petaling Jaya that supports arts activities for young people, particularly those from marginalised communities. She also conducts creative writing and reading workshops for children and teens; facilitates book discussion groups; and runs community reading initiatives for The Dram Projects. In 2007, MPH Publishing produced four picture books by Daphne Lee. They are called One Red Flower, A is for Anklet, Sweet Pink Posies and If I Were a Star, and are illustrated by Amir Shah. Abstract I : Animating the Classroom with Picture Books By choosing to use picture books in the classroom, teachers have the privilege and pleasure of introducing a thoroughly enjoyable and magical route to learning. Picture books may be used in many ways and in every area of the curriculum, to meet a variety of goals and introduce a wide range of subjects and themes. As teachers, we are only limited in our use of these books by our imagination and the willingness of children to explore situations and worlds both familiar and new. In this session, Daphne Lee will share her experiences of using picture books in discussion groups, workshops and in the classroom, and discuss ways of turning children on to the magic of picture books as well as how to avoid turning them off. Abstract II : Let’s Talk About Books Book discussion groups are a great way to introduce children, of any age, to the joys of reading. In this interactive workshop participants will learn the basics of running such a group, including deciding on the number of participants; composition of the group; how to select books for discussion; and how to get participants to talk about the chosen books. This workshop will focus on the use of picture books in a discussion group. Participants should try to read Where the Wild Things Are by Maurice Sendak before attending this workshop, as this book will serve as the training model for this workshop. SuChen Christine Lim Prize-winning writer awarded the inaugural Singapore Literature Prize (1992) for Fistful of Colours, her novel is a Literature text for the ‘A’ Levels in Singapore. Her fourth novel, A Bit of Earth and her latest book, The Lies That Build A Marriage was shortlisted for the same prize. A play, The Amah: A Portrait in Black and White won the Short Play Merit Prize, 1989. Other novels are Ricebowl and Gift from The Gods. Awarded a Fulbright fellowship in 1997, she attended the International Writers' Program, University of Iowa. She was Writer-in-Residence in the US, Scotland, Australia and the Philippines. Besides adult fiction, SuChen has written extensively for children. 11 of her children’s stories were published as Big Books for the Ministry of Education, and were used in all primary schools. Her latest collection of Big Books published by Ethos Publishers will be out soon. 1) My Photo Album    2) The Naughty Bumblebee 3) My New Electric Car 4) Oh no! I must help Dad 5) Grandpa Tok Tok was a Copycat 6) Miss Missy Mynah 7) Chopsticks Harry Abstract I : Learning About Self, Reading  Culture Through Children’s Storybooks: A Writer’s Journey Topics will include: •Writer’s background from non-English speaking home and early experiences with stories in school •Importance of writing about Us and illustrating Us for our children •Difference between Big Books and other picture books •Use of Big Books in Singapore schools •Reading aloud Stephanie Lee-Ling Ho Stephanie is a public historian with extensive experience in education and the heritage industry. A former history teacher and museum educator, Stephanie has just completed a PhD on popular history-making practices in Singapore at the University of Technology, Sydney (UTS). Stephanie was the recipient of the First-Time Writers  Illustrators Publishing grant awarded by the Media Development Authority of Singapore (MDA) and the National Book Development Council of Singapore (NBDCS) in 2006. With the grant, Stephanie wrote and illustrated the children's book, Samsui Girl. Her second book, Wayang Girl was published in 2008. Stephanie is also the author of four picture books for younger children based on the United Nations Convention of the Rights of the Child: The Boy with a Tree on His Head, The Shadow, The UGB and SHUSH!. The books are published and distributed by Singapore's Ministry of Community Development, Youth and Sports (MCYS) in 2007. She has just co-authored a reference book on the cultures and customs of Singapore and Malaysia which will be published by Greenwood Press in 2009. Abstract I : Samsui, Wayang, Rambutans: Using children's stories to Teach Heritage and Culture Singapore's heritage and culture are the inspiration for Ho Lee-Ling's illustrated children's books, which include Samsui Girl, Wayang Girl as well as the MJ's Classroom series. In this session Lee-Ling talks about her books, how and why they were created, and how they can be used to enhance English language/ social studies learning in the classroom. Together with the participants, she explores various ways in which the books can be used as a launching pad for other learning activities such as storytelling, role-play and writing. Abstract II :Oliver and Stephanie Talk About Picture Book Perspectives Having heard how illustrators develop the story pictures on the page, this session will probe the illustrators' art from a socio-cultural perspective. A look at illustrations in different genres and the impact of cultural and personal experiences on what translates as pictures on the page will be discussed. To what extent does the illustration embellish the story? How does cultural aesthetics frame illustrations? How do illustrators deal with identity and popular culture? Has and will globalization diminish or displace the uniqueness of the personal in picture book illustrations? These and other questions will connect the illustrators' world to the print medium in order to explore the possible co-existence of different cultural perspectives on key aspects such as voice, humour and history. Oliver Jeffers Oliver Jeffers makes art. From figurative painting and installation to illustration and picture-book making, his work has been exhibited and published in New York, Dublin, London, Sydney, Washington DC, Belfast and elsewhere. A co-founder of the art collective OAR, their exhibitions include 9 days in Belfast, book and the award winning BUILDING. Illustration clients include Orange UK, Lavazza, Sony PSP, RCA Records, Starbucks, Candy, the Vacuum, Her Royal Majesty the Queen of England, and the Irish Times for which he received the Gold Icad Award for Illustration. HarperCollins UK and Penguin USA publish his picture books, including Lost and Found, The Incredible Book Eating Boy, and most recently, The Great paper Caper. Picture Book awards include the Smarties Award, Irish Book of the Year, and The Blue Peter Book of the Year, as well as shortlists for the British Book of the Year, The Roald Dahl Funny Award, and the Greenaway Medal. Oliver was brought up in Northern Ireland and now lives and works in New York. Abstract I : The Picture Book Process Oliver will talk about how and why he makes picture books, where he gets his ideas from, and how the other types of art he makes influence his stories for children. Abstract II: Oliver and Stephanie Talk About Picture Book Perspectives Having heard how illustrators develop the story pictures on the page, this session will probe the illustrators' art from a socio-cultural perspective. A look at illustrations in different genres and the impact of cultural and personal experiences on what translates as pictures on the page will be discussed. To what extent does the illustration embellish the story? How does cultural aesthetics frame illustrations? How do illustrators deal with identity and popular culture? Has and will globalization diminish or displace the uniqueness of the personal in picture book illustrations? These and other questions will connect the illustrators' world to the print medium in order to explore the possible co-existence of different cultural perspectives on key aspects such as voice, humour and history. Janet Evans Janet Evans is a Senior Lecturer in Education at Liverpool Hope University.  Formerly an Early Years and primary school teacher she has written nine books on language, literacy and maths education for Early Years and Primary educators.  Her last book, Literacy Moves On: Using Popular Culture, New Technologies and Critical Literacy in the Primary Classroom (2005) was published by David Fulton and Heinemann, whilst her latest book, Talking Beyond the Page:Reading and Responding to Picturebooks which focuses on the importance of responding orally to picturebooks is due to be published in April 2009 by Routledge.  Janet is currently doing freelance consultancy two days each week. Her ongoing research interests include children’s literature, critical literacy, reader response and interactive writing linked to popular culture. Abstract I : Talking Beyond the Page :  Reading and Responding to the Picture Books This presentation will be a blend of theory and practice and will enable delegates to take a closer look at picture books as a genre and to see how they can be used in the ELT/ESL classroom. Initially consideration will be given to what picture books are, their characteristics and how they 'work'. Different types of picture books will be considered and the picture book as an art form will be looked at. The presentation will then focus on who picture books are for and how they are an essential part of the primary curriculum, promoting oracy and literacy when used effectively.  Picture books should be read to children for pleasure however they can also be used as a stimulus to make children think and talk about “big” issues in the world in which they live.  Some children’s oral and written responses to particular picture books will be shared, along with a selection of their individual thoughts about picture books in general.  This presentation will be visually multimodal and references to research will be made where appropriate. Abstract II :Talking About Books : Using Reader Response as a Way to Interact with Books This practical workshop will refer to some of the points made in the first presentation. It will consider why reading and responding to texts should be an essential part of a language rich curriculum. Delegates will be introduced to the term Reader Response and will be shown how to employ Aidan Chamber’s “Tell Me” model of responding to texts prior to sharing some work done by young children in relation to the picture book, Tusk Tusk by David McKee.  Consideration will be given to how children can be encouraged to respond to texts (orally and in written format) in whole class and small group situations and reference will be made to research in relation to picture books and reader response. Carol Read Carol is a teacher, teacher educator and materials writer with over 30 years' experience in English language teaching. Her special area of expertise is in primary education, working with children between the ages of 3 – 12. She’s currently working as an international educational consultant on a range of projects from curriculum and course design to the delivery of customised teacher education courses. This work has taken her to many different countries in recent years including Argentina, Austria, Brazil, Colombia, Croatia, Czech Republic, France, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Mexico, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, the UK and Uruguay. Carol is also a frequent speaker at regional, national and international conferences on English language teaching. Her previous experience includes teaching, teacher training and academic management posts in Venezuela, Portugal and Spain. Her publications include a reader for young learners which won an Extensive Reading Foundation award, a six-level primary course (with three co-authors) which won a British Council Innovation Award, and a book on methodology for primary language teachers which was Highly Commended in the ESU Duke of Edinburgh English language book awards. Abstract I : Creativity Through Story and Drama This talk aims to show how an integrated approach to storytelling and drama can be a powerful vehicle for developing young learners’ language skills and potential for creativity. We will start by considering the shared features of stories and drama. We will then experience and explore a detailed sequence of pedagogical activities which exemplify and illustrate classroom practice. The main focus of discussion will be on ways to scaffold – or support – pupils’ learning, and engage them in exploring relevant issues through the social and communal experience of classroom drama. The talk will also consider the use of ‘distancing’ strategies to guide children to think beyond the pictures and text and to develop creative thinking skills. We will also explore links from picture books to other areas of the curriculum and the shared, cultural dimension of storytelling and drama in promoting citizenship and fostering positive attitudes in today’s world. Abstract II : Multiple Intelligences and Picture Books The main aim of this session is to show how Multiple Intelligence (MI) theory can provide a powerful pedagogical framework which maximises the benefits of using picture books in language lessons in different cultural settings. We will start off by briefly reviewing some aspects of the theory itself: the nature of different intelligences, the criteria for defining intelligences, the issues and problems the theory raises, the reasons for the strong appeal of the theory to primary educators, and the way it can be used to provide ‘entry points’ to children’s learning. We will then look at a practical example of applying an MI approach to working with a picture book and consider its potential for enhancing both literacy and language learning. Finally, we will experiment and discuss the potential benefits of applying an MI framework to a range of picture books in primary classrooms in different cultural settings.     Return to homepage The United Kingdom’s international organisation for cultural relations and educational opportunities. A registered charity: 209131 (England and Wales) SC037733 (Scotland) Our privacy and copyright statements. Our commitment to freedom of information . Double-click for pop-up dictionary .  