  Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3). Skip to nav Skip to content  Follow @heatworld Subscribe to Heat magazine Register | Sign In  heatworld.com Look Inside   Home Celeb News Star Style Entertainment Fun Stuff Heat TV Heat Radio Celeb A-Z  Festivals   heat Dating   Digital Edition   heat Bingo   Big Brother   Featured Stories  Heat TV On The Hotlist: Featuring Lady Gaga as a swan, a duck getting vacuumed and One Direction in glorious 3D Celeb News Khloe Kardashian kept marriage problems with Lamar Odom secret, even from her family Entertainment VIDEO: Conor Maynard premieres video for new single R U Crazy Celeb News GALLERY: Cara Delevingne parties at Notting Hill Carnival with co-stars from her new film Kids In Love Celeb News Jodie Marsh admits she’s not a fan of Cheryl Cole’s new tattoo X Factor The X Factor teases fifth judge on Twitter Latest Video Stories  VIDEO: Conor Maynard premieres video for new single R U Crazy  One Direction launch new perfume by contemplating oranges and smelling flowers  GALLERY: The 10 maddest bits from Miley Cyrus’ VMA performance  VIDEO: The Saturdays premiere video for new single Disco Love Latest Stories Hot Topics : Kim Kardashian • Rihanna  Celeb News Khloe Kardashian kept marriage problems with Lamar Odom secret, even from her family The Kardashians are a notoriously close-knit family so it comes as even more of a surprise that Khloe Kardashian kept details of... comments  Entertainment VIDEO: Conor Maynard premieres video for new single R U Crazy Conor Maynard has debuted his video for new single R U Crazy. And we sure do like it! Mostly because Conor looks... comments  Celeb News Jodie Marsh admits she’s not a fan of Cheryl Cole’s new tattoo Well, if self-confessed tattoo-addict Jodie Marsh doesn’t even like your new tattoo, you might have to accept you’ve gone too far this... comments  X Factor The X Factor teases fifth judge on Twitter EEEEEEEEK! The tenth series of The X Factor kicks off on Saturday night, and we could NOT be more excited!What with it... comments  Entertainment One Direction launch new perfume by contemplating oranges and smelling flowers It’s been a while since we’ve heard what One Direction have been up to. Laying low in bunkers under the earth, presumably.... comments  Celeb News GALLERY: Cara Delevingne parties at Notting Hill Carnival with co-stars from her new film Kids In Love Now we know Cara Delevingne loves to have a good time, so we weren’t at all surprised to see the 21-year-old getting... comments  Celeb News Does Vicky Pattison have sex with fit Dan in tonight’s Geordie Shore? We love single Vicky Pattison. She’s so much more fun than engaged-to-Ricci Vicky.We’ve also loved seeing her get all giddy and girlie... comments  Big Brother Charlotte Crosby will be welcome to go back to Geordie Shore after Celebrity Big Brother The rule usually is: you leave one Reality TV series for another and that’s it – no going back.  But lucky for... comments  Fun Stuff GALLERY: The 10 maddest bits from Miley Cyrus’ VMA performance Listen, we've all seen it. We've all been harmed by it. Now let's discuss it. comments  X Factor Dermot O’Leary admits struggling not to laugh at X Factor auditions The X Factor presenter Dermot O’Leary has admitted that he sometimes can’t hide his true feelings when hopefuls perform. (Which we’re taking... comments  Fun Stuff We have some important questions about grills Everyone’s wearing them, but what do YOU think of them? comments  Celeb News Beyoncé gets caught in the middle of a P Diddy/J Cole-shaped brawl at VMAs afterparty And you thought an MTV VMA afterparty hosted by P Diddy would be all champagne on ice and scantily clad waiters and... comments  Celeb News Peter Andre planning on doing less Reality TV because wants to be a presenter instead It’s the end of a Reality TV era – Peter Andre won’t be sharing his life with us for much longer. And... comments  Entertainment Woo hoo! Another Level sign up for The Big Reunion Ladies and gentleman – Dane Bowers is back!Oh how we’ve missed him...Dane and his Another Level buddies have signed up for the... comments  Celeb News Cheryl Cole takes to Twitter to defend her mad bum tattoo Cheryl Cole has taken to Twitter to defend her mad bum and the mad tattoo that is on, in and around it... comments  Celeb News Ellie Goulding holds hands with Ed Sheeran at the VMAs as Niall Horan sits with One Direction Celebrities and their love lives, eh? Complicated. Ellie Goulding and Niall Horan were supposed to be a thing after being spotted smooching... comments  Entertainment VIDEO: The Saturdays premiere video for new single Disco Love Yay! The Saturdays have debuted their video for new single Disco Love, which sees the ladies travelling through time and rocking different looks from... comments  X Factor Caroline Flack won’t flirt with Matt Richardson as much as she did Olly Murs, it says here Caroline Flack has put her legs in trousers and unombréd her hair and vowed that no, no she will not flirt with... comments  Fun Stuff In this week's heat: Katie Price targetted by trolls, all the goss from the One Direction premiere and heat's X Factor mini mag! It's been an extra busy week for our favourite celebrities - they've been getting up to all sorts! Here's what you can... comments  Celeb News Miley Cyrus continues to shock after the VMAs with racy Twitpics Miley Cyrus just will not let up will she?After THAT MTV VMAs performance you'd think the 20-year-old would just lie low for... comments Load 20 more stories...  Most Popular Today Past Week Past Month   Charlotte Crosby will be welcome to go back to Geordie Shore after Celebrity Big Brother   GALLERY: The 10 maddest bits from Miley Cyrus’ VMA performance   Cheryl Cole takes to Twitter to defend her mad bum tattoo   Miley Cyrus continues to shock after the VMAs with racy Twitpics   Katherine Kelly marries boyfriend Ryan Clark during secret Las vegas wedding   Louis Tomlinson's girlfriend Eleanor Calder rocks Topshop at 1D premiere   Niall Horan confesses he just wants a girlfriend: "I don't care if she's famous!"   Sorry Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart's living with Lane Garrison now!   IS THIS CHERYL COLE'S BUTT TAT? LOOK AT CHERYL COLE'S BUTT TAT. DO IT NOW   PHOTO: Is this Harry Styles' new girlfriend?   Louis Tomlinson's girlfriend Eleanor Calder rocks Topshop at 1D premiere   Niall Horan confesses he just wants a girlfriend: "I don't care if she's famous!"   Lucy Mecklenburgh gets snapped up by Select Model Management – we can see why!   Katie Price gives birth to premature son after 'nightmare delivery'   Sorry Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart's living with Lane Garrison now!  Newsletter signup Breaking News Alerts Weekly round up  By signing up you agree to our terms & conditions. Celeb A-Z Most Popular Recently Updated Amira McCarthy  Member of girl band Neon Jungle Jess Plummer  Member of girl band Neon Jungle Shereen Cutkelvin  Member of Neon Jungle Asami Zdrenka  Member of girl band Neon Jungle Neon Jungle  Girl band  Harry Styles  Curly haired singer with X Factor group One Direction  Joey Essex  Reality TV Star  Cheryl Cole  Singer  Kate Middleton  wife of Prince William  Little Mix  X Factor 2011 Winners More in Celebrity A-Z   heat tv 24-7 Pop and celebrity news! Watch on: Ch 364 on Sky Ch 338 on Virgin heat radio heat for your ears Listen on: www.heatradio.com Cash for pics Send us your celeb pics! Email: heat@heatmag.com  More from heatworld.com GALLERY! Miley Cyrus’ changing style - from Disney star to edgy pop princess EXCLUSIVE: Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison: "Bikinis are my ultimate fear" Our Top Ten celebrity nipple slips, side-boobs and knicker flashers SHOPPING: Our Top 60 swimsuits and bikinis! GALLERY: Ten reasons why Prince Harry will be the best uncle EVER  Get heat for just £1 per issue Subscribe to heat today , and save over £33! Subscribe now  Famous for its unique editorial style, heatworld.com brings you the best in entertainment and celebrity news. We also hope to give a glimpse into heat towers, what makes us tick as well invite you to join in and be part of the world according to heat!   Home    Celeb News    Star Style    Entertainment    Fun Stuff    Heat TV    Heat Radio    Celeb A-Z   About Us Contact Us Big Brother Britain’s Got Talent Festivals I’m A Celebrity X Factor Heat Dating Facebook Twitter GooglePlus YouTube RSS Switch to Mobile Version. Switch to the Desktop Version.  2013 Bauer Consumer Media. All Rights Reserved. All use is subject to our Terms & conditions and Privacy Policy. Magazine Subscriptions | Women’s magazines | heat magazine subscription   var cssId = 'countdownTimerCss'; if (!document.getElementById(cssId)){ var head = document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0]; var link = document.createElement('link'); link.id = cssId; link.rel = 'stylesheet'; link.type = 'text/css'; link.href = 'http://www.heatworld.com/upload/Promos/countdowntimer/jquery.countdown.css'; link.media = 'all'; head.appendChild(link);} document.write('<script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.heatworld.com/upload/Promos/countdowntimer/jquery.countdown.js"></scr' + 'ipt>'); $(function () { var countdownHtml = "<section><div id='defaultCountdown' style='margin-top:10px;width:300px;height:250px;background-image:url(http://www.heatworld.com/upload/Promos/countdowntimer/mpuSizedBackground.jpg);'></div></section>"; $('#mostPopular').before(countdownHtml);var austDay = new Date();austDay = new Date(2013, 8 - 1, 20, 0, 0, 0);$('#defaultCountdown').countdown({until: austDay});$('#year').text(austDay.getFullYear());}); [if lt IE 7 ]>  window.attachEvent('onload',function(){CFInstall.check({mode:'overlay'})}) 