 Home News Using Online Press Releases Resources Send a Press Release Contact Us Welcome Login Register  instaVIN® Announces New Certified Pre-Owned Program for Auto Dealers instaVIN CPO Available on Qualified Vehicles with up to 100,000 Miles  October 02, 2012 06:08 AMEastern Daylight Time  SAN DIEGO--( BUSINESS WIRE )--instaVIN® has launched a new Certified Pre-Owned program designed to help auto dealers attract and retain used car customers. instaVIN CPO programs create incremental profits for auto dealers while increasing consumer confidence. Dealers can sign up on the instaVIN Web site ( www.instaVIN.com ) and certify their first vehicle within hours. The instaVIN Certified Pre-Owned Program is administered by NAC and backed by an “A” rated insurance carrier with more than $26 billion in assets. CPO programs are now a well-established part of the used car industry, with nearly all OEMs offering one to their dealers. Certified vehicles will typically sell for 10% - 15% more than a car that is sold “AS IS” and sell faster. Consumers prefer them, with 3 of 5 car buyers considering a pre-owned car only if it came with inspections and warranty. The instaVIN CPO program enables franchised dealers to certify their off-makes and older nameplate vehicles, and independent auto dealers or BHPH dealers to reap the benefits of a trusted certification program. It is available for most car/truck makes and models and consists of three parts: Current instaVIN Vehicle History and Title reports Up to 99 point CPO vehicle inspection 3 or 12 month limited warranty Once the dealer chooses to certify a vehicle, a certification package is purchased from instaVIN, which allows the dealer to run instaVIN Vehicle History and Title reports to check for negative title brands and similar events. Assuming all is clear with the instaVIN History Report, the dealer either performs a vehicle inspection according to the program’s certification standards, or orders an independent inspection through instaVIN. After passing inspection, the vehicle is registered with instaVIN and a 3-month or 12-month limited warranty is issued. Following registration, the dealer has access to a free copy of the comprehensive CPO report that they can provide to their customer to validate the warranty, including the instaVIN Vehicle History and complete inspection reports. For a free demo or to sign up, call 800-249-7157 or e-mail dealers@instavin.com . Go to www.dealercpo.com for more information.  Contacts  instaVIN™ Jim Irish, CEO 858-454-6782 ext. 100 press@instavin.com Recent Stories instaVIN® Extends 49 Cent NMVTIS Vehicle History Reports for California Dealers September 20, 2012 SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--instaVIN provides Auto Dealers in California the opportunity to purchase instaVIN reports for 49 cents each when they buy 20, gaining compliance with new CA law AB1215. more  Release Tags certified autos certified cars certified ford certified GM certified honda certified programs certified toyota instaVIN used cars Website Categories News by Industry Accessories & Parts (Automotive) Aftermarket (Automotive) Automotive Consumer & General Interest (Automotive) Consumer Publications (Automotive) Fleet Management Repair & Service (Automotive) Trade Publications (Automotive) News by Subject Product Service News by Geography California North America United States  Release Summary instaVIN announces new Auto Certified Pre-Owned Program for Franchised, Independent and BHPH Dealers. Certify vehicles up to 100,000 miles, off make vehicles for more profit and customer confidence instaVIN Website Blog News Feed Share Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Delicious Reddit StumbleUpon Digg MySpace Newsvine Google Bookmark Yahoo! Bookmark Mixx Propeller Wikio Email  Tweet Email News [if lte IE 7]>doDialog = false;