 tech section  Computers Desktops Laptops & Netbooks Software Home Theater DVR, DVD, Blu-ray Sound Systems TVs Mobile Phones Tablets & eReaders Navigation & GPS Mobile Expert Jon Rettinger Personal Electronics Audio Digital Cameras Video & Camcorders Web Browsers Email Stay Connected Websites Web Expert Carley Knobloch eHow Now More eHow home mom style food tech money health eHow Now Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Computers Computer Networking Internet Networking Auto MDI Functions Auto MDI Functions By Jensen Johansson , eHow Contributor Share Print this article The Auto MDI Function is very useful. MDI, or Medium Dependent interface, is a type of Ethernet port featured on Network Interface cards. The device acts as both receiver and transmitter, and is usually configured so that the inputs and outputs are reversed. Such a configuration is known as MDIX. In other words, an MDI is a type of Ethernet port, and a MDIX is a type of Ethernet configuration. Such devices are new to Ethernet standards and can distinguish between straight-through cable (used to connect a computer to a network device, in most cases a network hub, switch or router) and crossover cable (used for connecting computing devices directly). A MDI/MDIX-equipped device will auto-detect the types used, so you don't have to worry which type of cable you plug in. Other People Are Reading How to Convert a Straight Through Connection to a Crossover Cable Managed Switch Vs. Unmanaged Switch Auto MDI/MDIX Determining whether the interface requires a crossover cable can cause confusion and frustration if you have not obtained the necessary cable. To avoid this problem, products use a manual "MDIX" switch. It is an effective solution, but it still requires a user to intervene. Consequently, the need emerged for ensuring viable connections among MDIs in complex LANs (Local Area Networks) autonomously. Devices equipped with Auto-MDI/MDI-X capabilities will automatically adjust between straight-through and crossover cables, enabling switching between the transmission and reception, easing the process of installation and troubleshooting. Auto Cross Some devices can automatically correct errors in cable selection, since they distinguish between a straight-through cable and crossover cable. This feature is known as Auto Cross. A switchable Auto Cross function is also found on some devices. When the Auto Cross is disabled, the port is adjusted to MDI mode. Other products, however, have the Auto Cross on Twisted Pair switch ports option, available to be set in three modes: auto, MDI or MDIX. Auto Negotiation When two Ethernet connected devices can automatically choose between common speed and flow parameters, it is called Auto-negotiation. This procedure can distinguish between 10/100/1000Mbps connections and dual operation modes. In this way, it eliminates the need for a user to manually switch between speeds. Auto-negotiation functions works with Regular, Fast or Gigabit Ethernet, so there is no need to upgrade the entire network.  Related Searches References Home Network Help: What is auto MDI/MDIX? Korenix: Frequently Asked Questions HP: HP Auto-MDIX technology Photo Credit ethernet image by MATTHIEU FABISIAK from Fotolia.com More Like This How to Convert a Straight Through Connection to a Crossover Cable Managed Switch Vs. Unmanaged Switch What Is MDI Autosensing? Comments You May Also Like What Is MDI Autosensing? A medium dependant interface (MDI) port, or uplink port, is a port located on a network hub or switch. This port connects... How to Convert MDI to JPG An MDI file, which stands for Microsoft Document Imaging, is a proprietary type of file designed specifically for software that is a... What Is MDI Editor? Microsoft Document Imaging, or MDI, format is a file format used in Microsoft Office that allows images to be stored in the... How to Make a Giga Crossover Cable Gigabit network connections provide up to 1,000 Mbps data transfer speeds between hosts that are located on the same gigabit network. The... Description of Motorola DSL Modem Model 2210 The Netopia 2210 is a DSL (or digital subscriber line) modem developed by Motorola. The company markets the device toward the budget... How to Connect a Linksys to a Cisco 2950 Switch When additional ports are needed to expand a network in order to connect new hosts, adding another network switch is usually the... What Is a Ported Vacuum Switch? Comments. You May Also Like. How to Fix a Eureka Vacuum Cleaner. Occasionally, the belt on a Eureka vacuum will break from... Comparison of Linksys E1000 Vs. WRT160N The Linksys E1000 Wireless-N Router and the Linksys WRT160N Ultra RangePlus Wireless-N Router are both four-port switch wireless routers that operate over... How to Switch SATA From IDE Mode to AHCI Mode in Windows If you have a Serial ATA (SATA) hard drive in your computer, you can increase the read/write performance of the drive considerably... Functions of a HP Imaging Device Functions of a HP Imaging Device. Many people associate Hewlett Packard with printers because of the companys reputation. HP is one of... How to Connect a Security DVR to the Internet Many modern security camera control systems contain a digital video recorder (DVR) device integrated into the system, as well as an Ethernet... How to Use a Spacer With an MDI The American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology estimate that 300 million people suffer from asthma. A metered dose inhaler, or MDI,... Zyxel 660 Modem Specs The Zyxel Prestige 660M-D1, or Zyxel 660 for short, is an Internet modem Zyxel Communications Corp. designed for both home and small... Computer BIOS Functions Computer BIOS Functions. BIOS stands for Basic Input-Output System. This is a computer mechanism that verifies the correct operation of your hardware... Crossover Cable Instructions When connecting a pair of computers in a network configuration, a switch hub is usually used. If you have just two computers... Related Ads  View Blog Post Geek Vs Geek: Should You Be Worried (Or Furious) About NSA Spying? You May Like What Is MDI Autosensing? Zyxel 660 Modem Specs Auto Evaporation Function What Are the Functions of Auto Insurance? How to Rewire a Cat 6 Cable 6 Fixes to Become Your Own Handyman What Is MDI Editor? How to Convert an MDI File Online Featured Geek Vs Geek: Should You Be Worried (Or Furious) About NSA Spying? View Blog Post A Week with Google Glass View Blog Post Geek Vs Geek Live! Debating the Chromebook, 3D Printers, and More Watch Video Others Also Viewed How to Make a Giga Crossover Cable What Is MDI Autosensing? How to Make a Reverse Ethernet Cable How to Convert an MDI File Online What Is MDI Editor? ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 