 Home News Auto Shows Test Drives Motorsport Get In Touch  Auto Shows » Volkswagen » Auto Shanghai 2013: Volkswagen CrossBlue Coupe Concept arrives in China Auto Shanghai 2013: Volkswagen CrossBlue Coupe Concept arrives in China by Andrew Christian , Email , 22 Apr, 2013 Volkswagen CrossBlue Coupe Volkswagen has unveiled a so-called coup variant of the CrossBlu e at the Shanghai motor show. Volkswagens second new SUV model is expected to compete with the Toyota Highlander . Its likely to enter production in 2015 at the Chattanooga, Tennessee plant. The very sporty four-wheel drive SUV will be a close preview of the new five-seat model thats designed as a sister car to the original seven seat CrossBlue displayed last January at the Detroit motor show. A Volkswagen executive told Autocar that the company aims to appeal to a wider portion of the segment with its next generation of SUV models. He added that there is demand for a model thats very sporty, somewhere along the lines of the sporting model that the company suggested at with its BlueCross concept. The Volkswagen CrossBlue and CrossBlue coup were both designed to be added to the range as a successor to the smaller Tiguan in markets like North America and China. At this price, these models will be slotted under the very luxurious Touareg. A third-generation model is set to be introduced in 2016. The new coup variant has the same styling lineage as the original CrossBlue concept and comes with a much sleeker silhouette than its relatively upright sibling, with a lower front-end, more heavily angled windscreen, shallower glasshouse and added curvature to its roofline. The new SUV prioritizes styling over practicality, made obvious by the heavy rake of its tailgate. The new Volkswagen concept has a striking profile and it also gets its own exterior detailing. One of its highlights is a new interpretation of Volkswagens horizontally themed corporate grille that matches the internal graphics of the LED headlamps. This offers the BlueCross coup with a grand front end look accentuated by its visual width. The CrossBlue Coup has a length of 4889mm, a width of 2015mm, and a height of 1673mm. This means that compared to the second generation Touareg, it is 93mm longer, 74mm wider and 36mm lower. It features large wheelhouses permit the use of 22-inch polished aluminium wheels covered with 285/45 tyres. " As well showcasing the future for Volkswagen design, the CrossBlue Coup also highlights future drivetrain possibilities, in this case a plug-in hybrid system consisting of a V6 turbocharged direct injection petrol engine and two electric motors (40 kW front and 85 kW rear), together producing up to 415 PS (305 kW). Via a six-speed DSG gearbox, that power enables this 4,889 mm-long SUV to accelerate like a sports car: zero to 62 mph takes a mere 5.9 seconds, and the top speed is 146 mph. Even with this level of performance, fuel economy is impressive with a combined cycle figure of 3.0 l/100 km, or 94.1 mpg. In hybrid mode, with a depleted battery powered by the TSI engine, the CrossBlue Coup returns 6.9 l/100 km (40.9 mpg). This efficiency gives the CrossBlue Coup, with its 80-litre fuel tank, a theoretical range of 1,190 km (740 miles). " said the press release. Gallery: Volkswagen CrossBlue Coupe Related Articles: Peugeot 308 R Concept unveiled just in 2015 Subaru WRX/STI sedan to debut at 2014 Peugeot 3008 Facelift coming to the Infiniti Q30 Concept: first photo revealed Frankfurt Motor Show Preview: 2014 Chevrolet Camaro Tags: crossblue coupe , vw crossblue coupe concept  Find us on Google+ Most Popular Featured Tags  Toyota to keep Camry prices steady in the US despite challenges 3D Dirt detection system at Ford ensures paint perfection Sebastian Vettel of Red Bull wins 2013 Belgian Grand Prix BMW not worried about Tesla because its cars target different buyers Ford to research robot-to-robot communication to develop better systems for connected cars 2014 Toyota Land Cruiser Prado Facelift is officially official 2014 Opel Insignia OPC gets a facelift too 2014 Lexus GX 460 Facelift shows up with a price tag of $49,085 2014 Audi A8 Facelift is official Jaguar XJ gets updated for the 2014MY vw volvo volkswagen tuning news tuning toyota tesla suzuki sema show saab renault porsche peugeot opel nissan mitsubishi mini mercedes-benz mazda lexus land rover lamborghini kia jeep jaguar infiniti hyundai honda gm geneva motor show general motors frankfurt motor show ford fiat ferrari dodge detroit auto show daimler citroen chrysler chevrolet cadillac brazil tax cut bmw bentley auto news audi aston martin Subaru Car News CATEGORIES Autonews Auto Shows Chicago Auto Show Detroit Auto Show LA Auto Show Paris Motor Show Frankfurt Motor Show New York Auto Show SEMA Show Tokyo Motor Show Geneva Motor Show Motorcycles Test Drives Motorsport Tuning Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley Bmw Bugatti Buick Cadillac Caterham Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford General Motors GMC Holden Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia KTM Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Peugeot Porsche Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Scion Seat Skoda Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tata Motors Tesla Toyota Vauxhall Volkswagen Volvo FRIENDS 4WheelsNews.com © 2008-2013. All Rights  Images reserved. | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | About Us | Contact Us | Editorial Team 