  Home Brakes Check Engine Light Oil Change Tune Up Services Map Contact Home Discover Why People Rave About Forest Hill Auto Service” Could it be that they know what they are doing? Dave and Bob have been working on my cars for over thirteen years . They are honest and trustworthy . I would recommend them to all my friends.  John Pullara At some point in your life youve probably had a bad experience with an auto repair service. Its sad, but most of us have experienced it. Since most people dont know a lot about car repairs I guess that makes it easy for other shops to take advantage of people. The good news is that you do have a choice A good repair shop knows that the most important part of their business is loyal, repeat customers. Our goal is to provide you with such great service that you become one of our many loyal customers. As a customer you deserve great service at a fair price.  You dont want to wonder if the auto repair shop is charging you for work you dont really need. You dont want to feel like theyre just guessing at whats wrong with your vehicle. You dont want to be quoted one price and charged another for unexpected repairs Is it possible that they may find something that wasnt expected? Yes, once in a while it does happen. However a good auto service center should be able to give you an accurate account of what to expect. So where do you turn to and who can you trust? Let Forest Hill Auto Service Center be your first choice… You can expect the best customer service because our reputation is always on the line… If you car has a problem well take care of it like it’s our own. We know that you have to rely on your car to get around. By bringing your car in for regular oil changes and check ups like your brakes, tires, hoses, belts, and fluids  your car will last you a lot longer and provide you better gas mileage. 80 Years of Auto Repair Experience At Your Service Bob and Dave (the owners) have a combined 80 years of auto service experience. Theyve run Overlea Car Care for 17 years and you can now get that great service right here in Forest Hill, Maryland . Forest Hill Car Care is now open and able to help you with all your car care and repair needs. Not many auto repair centers can show you proof of how happy and loyal their customers are Overlea Auto Repair can be described as In  Out Service repair shop. My vehicle can be serviced in the morning without any appointment , for any type of service , and will be out by noon. My employment is directly across the street from Overlea Auto Repair and I can spy on the mechanics working on my vehicle. I have trusted the same mechanics for the last to (2) years with my vehicles from an oil change to replacing an axle .  Tracy Creek My name is Robert Chard. I and my family have been taking our vehicles to Overlea Auto Service Center since April 2003. Our cars have always gotten very good care at reasonable costs . They not only take care of the problem you have it there for, the also, while doing your initial problem take time to check to make sure you dont have any other problems, such as lights that dont work and necessary fluids that are low, tire air pressure and even wiper blades. They are good mechanics with good work ethics and are totally honest . I recommend them without any reservations.  Robert Chard My experience with Overlea Auto started one Saturday morning years ago when I stopped by and asked for an oil change service. They pulled my car in right away and took care of me . It was always difficult for me to find a service station where you would get treated honestly. Well I found one in Overlea Auto. The owners, Bob and Dave, have been servicing all my cars in my family since that first Saturday 5 or 6 years ago. Im so glad that I stopped there that day. Everyone there is friendly and above all, they do excellent work at a fair price . I hope to be taking my cars there for a long time. I have been recommending them to anyone who needs good honest mechanics . Thanks Overlea Auto for all you do for the Loewe family.  Gary Loewe If youre looking for auto repair service you can trust, good work ethics, honest mechanics and excellent car care at a fair price Call today for all your car needs 410-838-3116  Auto Repair Service Providing quality auto repair service in: Bel Air Fallston Forest Hill Harford Country See what our customers say... Auto Repair Reviews Auto Repair MD Reviews Forest Hill Car Care Appreciates Their Customers Reviews Never Had To Question Their Prices or Integrity Auto Service And Prices Cant Be Beat Loyal Auto Repair Customer Since 1971  More Information Auto Repair MD Auto Repair Review Forest Hill Car Care News Repair Articles  Recent Posts Get Better Gas Mileage And Save Money Winter Readiness For Maryland Cars How To Check And Fill Your Fluids Car Maintenance VS Car Negligence Delayed Auto Repairs Cost More  Search  Auto Repair Bel Air  Copyright © 2013 All Rights Reserved     Map | Contact  Designed by Marketing Blogs . 