Voted Machine Shop of the Year by Consumer Business Review! Purchase This Website Message (optional) Leave this field empty. Auto Repair Shop Bring your vehicle to our full-service automotive repair and engine machine shop. Our highly skilled and experienced technicians can handle any of your auto repair and service needs. View Our Services Have Questions? Read our FAQ page to find quick answers to some frequently asked questions, including “Can you handle large restoration jobs?” and “What types of vehicles can you service?” Get Quick Answers Contact Us Today Give us a call today for all your auto repair and service needs. Our helpful professionals are available by phone to provide more information or to schedule a service appointment for you. Contact Us Reliable Car Repair in San Jose, CA Car Repair San Jose CA  and Machine Shop has been providing reliable car repair in San Jose, CA, since 1967. We have been serving the auto repair and service needs of customers throughout the Bay area. Experienced Auto Repair in San Jose, CA Whether you are looking for complex auto bodywork or need auto repair in San Jose, CA, you can count on our Automotive Service Excellence (ASE) certified master technicians. Our services include the following: Complete engine rebuilding Auto and truck repairs Engine service, removal, and installation Tune-ups Brake repairs Electrical work Much more Why Choose Us? Throughout our forty-five years in business, customers and car dealerships throughout the Bay Area have repeatedly chosen us as their repair shop. In fact, we were named “Machine Shop of the Year” by Consumer Business Review because of the quality work and superior customer service we offer. We take pride in the quality of our work and in getting the job done right the first time. In San Jose, our auto repair customers also appreciate us because of the following: Wide array of specializations Superior customer service Affordable prices Timely, efficient service Purchase this Website More Information Services Engine Rebuild Mechanic Transmission Repair FAQ Testimonials Contact Us Contact Info (877) 899-0134 _ San Jose, CA 95014 Home Services Engine Rebuild Mechanic Transmission Repair FAQ Testimonials Contact Us Car Repair San Jose CA This website is for sale Call Now to Purchase This Website! (877) 899-0134 Purchase this Website Car Repair San Jose CA -- _ , San Jose , CA 95014 -- (877) 899-0134 Copyright 2013 CarRepairSanJoseCA.com Tweet  