 Home Arts  Culture Economy  Business Education Government Technology Travel  Entertainment Sport Art Theatre, Film  TV Music  Dance Literature Crafts  Home » Arts  Culture » Literature Books and literature in South Africa Arts  Culture South Africa has a rich literary history. In terms of quantity, the literary output is relatively modest. However, in terms of its quality, influence and reach, South African literature has an important place in the world. Though fiction is written in all of the countrys eleven official languages, most literary works are in English and Afrikaans. Out of 576 fiction titles of new and subsequent editions published in 2007, 444 were in Afrikaans, 84 in English, and the reminder in one of the African languages. The diversity of cultures and languages in South Africa makes it difficult to speak about one national literature. The literary output of South African writers was especially resonant in its reaction to the policy of apartheid. Their contributions played an important role in the struggle against racial discrimination. Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement in the liberation movement; Andre Brink had his novels banned by the apartheid government. The major themes in SA literature have not changed much since the abolition of apartheid in 1994; many writers are still exploring racial issues and re-investigating the past. Olive Schreiner's novel The Story of an African Farm (1883) is generally considered as the founding text of South African literature. Rider Haggard's mythical and adventure stories were enormously popular in 1880s; his most famous book, King Solomon's Mines , was filmed several times. The first novel by a black South African was Mhudi (completed in 1920 and published in 1930), by Solomon (Sol) Thekiso Plaatje. Probably the most famous South African novel to day is Cry, The Beloved Country (1948), written Alan Paton. Nadine Gordimer was the first South African writer to win the Nobel Prize for literature in 1991. In 2003, another South African writer, JM Coetzee, became a Nobel Laureate in Literature. Also see: Great writers of South Africa and 2007 PASA survey Buy South African fiction on bidorbuy Arts  Culture Articles  Visit South Africas national treasures Visit South Africa's national treasures Music festivals in South Africa Oppikoppi, Rocking the Daisies, Splashy Fen, Up the Creek, Fu-Cha, RAMfest and several... Authentic South African Jewellery Authentic South African Jewellery Fine art auctioneers, Strauss  Co... Tagging vs blocking…and other graffiti styles Tagging vs blocking…and other graffiti styles Graffiti artists used to... South African Soap Operas There is no doubt that soap operas are by far the most popular genre on South African TV. The... The reading culture in South Africa It is estimated that only one percent of the population buys books in a bookstore and...  2009-2011 SouthAfricaWeb.co.za var gaJsHost = (("https:" == document.location.protocol) ? "https://ssl." : "http://www.");document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='" + gaJsHost + "google-analytics.com/ga.js' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E"));try {var pageTracker = _gat._getTracker("UA-11193911-1");pageTracker._trackPageview();} catch(err) {}   Who's online There are currently 0 users and 8 guests online. 