  Unanswered Questions New Answers Q Categories Coupons Guides Sign In | Sign Up Home Search Settings Top Contributors Help Center Home Answers  Business & Finance Car Buying Cars & Vehicles Personal Finance Taxes and Tax Preparation MORE Connect with Facebook See what questions your friends are asking today. Legacy account member? Sign in. Categories Business & Finance Car Buying Cars & Vehicles Personal Finance Taxes and Tax Preparation Answers.com > Wiki Answers > Categories > Cars & Vehicles > Car Buying > Used Car Buying > Do you have to pay taxes when selling a car? Do you have to pay taxes when selling a car? In: Used Car Buying , Sales Tax [ Edit categories ]  Answer: The taxes will be payed with the new owner because it is now his responsibillity In virtually all states, the laws governing sales tax on vehicles is different than those on other items of personal property. For example, only sales from one registered auto dealer to another are exempt - and the normal exemption forms used between licensed sales tax vendors are not able to be used.The government does not ever want anyone to collect sales tax that isn't licensed to do so. It is highly illegal. If it is not a registered auto dealer in the sale, the tax is collected by the authorities as part of the registration/titling fees paid by the new owner, to the MVD or MVC. The govt. would like for you to but probably NO ONE DOES in a private sale. You can't charge sales tax unless you have a business license. Don't know about other states, but in Kansas the new owner will pay the sales tax to the county treasurer when they register a car purchased from a private party. If you are selling cars as a professional or a business owner/car dealer, then you are of course required to pay tax for that business. If you are a private seller, the tax that you would have to pay for is concerned with the legal process of turning the ownership rights.  Did we answer your question? Yes No Partially Tell us more (optional) Submit Text Contributors X Collin Ferrante Trust Points: 5 View Profile Recommend X Sdresh Trust Points: 5807 View Profile Recommend X IamLostRU Trust Points: 3445 View Profile Recommend Improve this Answer... Improve First answer by IamLostRU . Last edit by Collin Ferrante Answer History Related Answers: Do you have to pay taxes when selling a car? The taxes will be payed with the new owner because it is now his responsibillity In virtually all s Do you have to pay taxes when selling a car in Canada? no no you do not. Mexicans will buy it cheaper and they wont charge tax. Do you pay income tax when you sell your car? With the exception of collectibles and/or antiques, cars usually lose value over time. However, if t Can you sell car as private person without paying tax? No. Taxes are mandatory. Is there tax to pay whe selling a unregistered car? YES. There should be some income taxes paid for the sale of a capital asset by the seller on the 104 Who is responsible to pay tax when selling a car privately? As far as sales tax the buyer pays this.When there is a sale between two private parties, the buyer Can you answer these? Why did Judaism Christianity and Islam begin in the Middle East? In: Comparative Religions and Denominations Answer it! What is the name of the scarecrow in the children's television series Bob the Builder? In: Children's TV Shows Answer it! What is the song on MBC4 commercial for downtown abbey? In: Music Answer it! How could you test a prediction? In: Scientists Answer it! Ã‚Â» more Related Articles: 5 Worst Superhero Movies 6 Horror Movie Sets That Were Actually Haunted 5 Reasons 'Anchorman 2' Won't Disappoint The 5 Coolest Secret Video Game Characters Related Articles Best Used Cars for Families Cheap Small Cars for Affordable Urban Living Muscle Cars of a New Generation Proper Steps to Washing Your Car Steps to Finding the Cheapest Car in the US Tips for Finding Low-priced Cars Top New Cars With Low-cost Maintanance and Upkeep Top-rated Car History Report Sites  Contributors Answers  Edits Supervisors  Collin Ferrante Trust : 5 Answered Most Recently Recommend Contributor  Johnbrent Trust : 473 Updated Answer Google Profile  Recommend Contributor  IamLostRU Trust : 3445 Updated Answer Recommend Contributor    Ganderton Trust : 4941 Car Buying Supervisor Google Profile  Recommend Supervisor   Clay Trust : 11411 Automobiles Supervisor Google Profile  Recommend Supervisor   Brave3 Trust : 4918 Personal Finance And Money Issues Supervisor Recommend Supervisor   Ksmail Trust : 5853 Personal Finance And Money Issues Supervisor Recommend Supervisor   Wildrosebeef Trust : 6016 Business And Finance Supervisor Recommend Supervisor   Crystal Trust : 6922 Business And Finance Supervisor Google Profile  Recommend Supervisor   Top Contributors This Week Imo pop Trust Points: 1440 Member Since: 11/09 Prioktan918 Trust Points: 3684 Member Since: 1/12 LincMad Trust Points: 1481 Member Since: 12/10 William Howe Trust Points: 3139 Member Since: 10/10 Jimmy Hernandez Trust Points: 379 Member Since: 5/12  Answers Properties Answers Wiki Answers Video Answers Experts Guides Coupons ResellerRatings Local Answers Online Answers Shop Answers Surveys Blog Sitemap Company About Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Consumer Choice IP Issues Disclaimer Community Guidelines Reputation Roles Help Updates Email Watchlist RSS International sites English | Deutsch | Espaol | Franais | Italiano | Tagalog Copyright  2013 Answers Corporation facebook twitter youtube blog  Sign in using: Answers members: Username Lost password? Password Remember me X Did we answer your question? YES Partially NO Our community is 100% volunteer, show your appreciation with a Google+ or Facebook Like Click:  