  IN YOUR COMMUNITY: Jobs Jobs Home Find a Job Job Seeker Tools Employer Tools Post a Job More   Autos Autos Home New Car Pricing Used Cars Research Motorcycles Classic Cars Find A Dealer Place An Ad More   Real Estate Real Estate Home Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Place An Ad More   Rentals Rentals Home Apartments  Communities Commercial Leases Place An Ad More   Classifieds Classifieds Home Pets Garage Sales For Sale Celebrations Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Place an Ad  Obituaries Obituaries Home  FINDSAVE Local Businesses Find A Business Food  Dining Retail Shopping Health  Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business More   Place An Ad  5-day | Satellite New Jersey Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Tumblr Pinterest RSS Sign in | Join  nj.com 5-day | Satellite Search NJ.com  Sign in N.J. News N.J. News Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS  Loading headlines... More News  Featured Loading headlines... Find Your Local Newspaper  | News Forums  More ... Business Obituaries Columns Opinion/NJ Voices Crime Photos Education Videos National Weather Newsletters Local News Local News Follow us: Twitter Facebook  Loading headlines... See All Towns in New Jersey  N.J. counties and newspapers Atlantic Gloucester Ocean All newspapers Bergen Hudson Passaic The Star-Ledger Burlington Hunterdon Salem The Times of Trenton Camden Mercer Somerset The Jersey Journal Cape May Middlesex Sussex South Jersey Times Cumberland Monmouth Union Hunterdon County Democrat Essex Morris Warren Independent Press  N.J. Politics N.J. Politics Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS  Loading headlines... More Politics  Featured Loading headlines... All N.J. Politics  | Politics Forum  More ... Chris Christie news Politico: U.S. Cory Booker news PolitiFact N.J. Elections Statehouse forum NJ Voices  Sports Sports Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS  Loading headlines... More Sports News  Featured Loading headlines... Sports Hot Topics  | Sports Forums  More ... Devils Photos Eagles Rangers Flyers Red Bulls Giants Rutgers Jets Rutgers Basketball Knicks Rutgers Football Mets Seton Hall Mobile apps Sixers Nets Sports index Phillies Yankees  H.S. Sports High School Sports Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS  Loading headlines... More High School Sports News  Featured Loading headlines... All High School Sports  High School Sports Forums  More ... Scores and schedules Football Find a school Boys Soccer Find a team Girls Soccer Find a player Boys Cross Country Photos Girls Cross Country Videos Field Hockey Recruiting Girls Tennis Forums Girls Volleyball More H.S. Sports Girls Gymnastics  Entertainment Entertainment Follow us: Twitter Facebook RSS  Loading headlines... More Entertainment  Featured Loading headlines... All Entertainment  | Entertainment Forums  More ... Arts Living A.C. Entertainment Movie Reviews Celebrities Music Comics NJ Events Dining Puzzles Food  Recipes Shore Indulge TV Inside Jersey  Arts Celebrities Dining Food  Recipes Music TV Movies Shore Comics Puzzles More entertainment  Sign in to nj.com Username Password Remember me Forgot your username or password ? Dont have an account? Register now for free , or sign in with any of these services:  Customize Your Weather Set Your Location (Enter City and State or Zip Code) Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.  The Real Housewives of New Jersey Blog about the Bravo's reality TV show RELATED LINKS  Real Housewives of New Jersey home  Entertainment  Television  Celebrity News  Parade Magazine Celebrity News Browse by month: 0){document.location.href=d.options[d.selectedIndex].value;}return false;"> Select a date August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 Browse all archives  TWEET WITH US! Talk about "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" on Twitter! Be sure to use the #rhnj hashtag in your tweets. Latest tweets: MORE TWEETS  NJ.COM TWITTER COMMUNITY  MEET THE HOUSEWIVES The cast of the Real Housewives of New Jersey SEE THE REAL HOUSEWIVES OF NEW JERSEY  BRAVO TV LINKS  Real Housewives of New Jersey  BravoTV.com ADVERTISEMENT   RSS 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' recap: The wild bunch By Vicki Hyman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 26, 2013, 1:48AM Alternative title: Unforgiven Fullstory + Monday, August 26, 2013, 1:50 AM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives' stars Melissa, Joe Gorga sell Montville mansion for $3.8M, report says By Janelle Griffith/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 21, 2013, 5:33PM The couple told Us Weekly they have purchased land in the Franklin Lakes area and plan to build a new home this fall Fullstory + Thursday, August 22, 2013, 12:52 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' recap: A hairy situation By Amy Kuperinsky/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 18, 2013, 10:55PM The crew is headed to Arizona. 'Isn't that by Vegas?' offers Joe Giudice Fullstory + Monday, August 19, 2013, 7:18 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Video: 'Real Housewives' star Teresa Giudice appears at book signing after court appearance By Lisa Rose/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 15, 2013, 6:34AM After making a court appearance in Newark Wednesday afternoon, Teresa Giudice visited a clothing store in Wayne to meet fans and autograph copies of her cookbook, "Fabulicious! On The Grill: Teresa's Smoking Hot Backyard Recipes." Dozens of supporters lined up outside the Posche Boutique and many said that they believe the reality star will be exonerated. She and her husband, JoeGiudice pleaded not guilty in court to 39 counts of fraud and tax evasion charges.(Video by Lisa Rose/The Star-Ledger) Fullstory + Thursday, August 15, 2013, 10:06 AM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Advertisement: Trial on fraud charges set for 'Real Housewives' star Teresa Giudice and her husband By Ted Sherman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 15, 2013, 6:00AM Appearing in a crowded courtroom before U.S. District Judge Esther Salas in Newark, Teresa and Joe Giudice  whose lives are featured in the hit Bravo television series Real Housewives of New Jersey  both entered not guilty pleas yesterday as they were arraigned on a litany of federal fraud charges that could send them to prison for years. Fullstory + Thursday, August 15, 2013, 7:01 AM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives' star Teresa Giudice signs books in Wayne hours after appearing in federal court By Janelle Griffith/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 14, 2013, 9:02PM Hours after being arraigned in federal court on multiple counts of fraud, reality television star Teresa Giudice visited a Wayne clothing boutique to sign copies of a cookbook she authored and released earlier this year Fullstory + Thursday, August 15, 2013, 1:07 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives' star Teresa Giudice and husband enter 'not guilty' pleas in fraud case By Ted Sherman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 14, 2013, 3:25PM 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' stars Teresa and Joe Giudice enter pleas of not guilty in Newark federal court Fullstory + Wednesday, August 14, 2013, 9:00 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Lawyer: 'Real Housewives' star Joe Giudice will not testify against wife Teresa By James Queally/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 14, 2013, 2:31PM Joe Giudice's attorney said his client has no plans to testify against his wife, Teresa, refuting other media reports Fullstory + Wednesday, August 14, 2013, 5:55 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Teresa Giudice's schedule: Hair salon, federal court, book signing; rinse and repeat By Vicki Hyman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 14, 2013, 11:45AM The "Real Housewives of New Jersey" star heads to federal court for her arraignment this afternoon Fullstory + Wednesday, August 14, 2013, 12:14 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives' star Teresa Giudice and her husband to be arraigned today By Ted Sherman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 14, 2013, 6:37AM Teresa Giudice, 41, and her husband, Giuseppe 'Joe' Giudice, 43, were charged last month in a 39-count federal indictment accusing the reality TV couple of conspiring to fraudulently obtain millions of dollars in mortgages and other loans and of hiding significant assets and income during a two-year bankruptcy proceeding. Fullstory + Wednesday, August 14, 2013, 11:38 AM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' recap: Pole play By Vicki Hyman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 11, 2013, 10:51PM Teresa Giudice and Jacqueline Laurita let bygones be bygones, until Teresa brings up the bygones again Fullstory + Sunday, August 11, 2013, 10:53 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives' star Teresa Giudice hits the beach, thinks Joe will take fall: report By Vicki Hyman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 05, 2013, 2:22PM A source tells Radar Online that the Giudices believe the case will drag on for years Fullstory + Tuesday, August 13, 2013, 1:43 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Caroline Manzo: Teresa Giudice indictment was 'unexpected' By Vicki Hyman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 05, 2013, 10:53AM She tells Andy Cohen on Sunday's 'Watch What Happens' that she wouldn't comment further Fullstory + Monday, August 05, 2013, 12:16 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 'Real Housewives of New Jersey' recap: A kinder, gentler Teresa Giudice? By Vicki Hyman/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 04, 2013, 10:58PM Teresa lets a catty comment from Melissa Gorga roll off her back, but she clashes with Jacqueline Laurita Fullstory + Sunday, August 04, 2013, 10:58 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Bethenny Frankel: I don't feel sorry for Teresa Giudice By Janelle Griffith/The Star-Ledger The Star-Ledger August 03, 2013, 5:45PM The former "Real Housewives of New York City" star minced no words while commenting on the recent fraud charges brought against the "Real Housewives of New Jersey" star and husband Joe Giudice, earlier this week Fullstory + Monday, August 05, 2013, 3:24 PM Copyright 2013 NJ.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Next page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5  Search New Jersey entertainment listings Events Music Dining Movies All  Location Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Manhattan Brooklyn East Shore Mid Island North Shore South Shore West Shore Fairfield New Haven Litchfield Hartford New London Philadelphia Bucks Montgomery Select category Books Business Casino Comedy Community Dance Food and Drink Health Home and Garden Kids Library Miscellaneous (Auditorium) Museum/Gallery Music Nature Singles Theater (Community) Theater (Professional) Today Tomorrow Next 7 Days Next 14 Days Next 30 DaysAll Submit events | N.J. entertainment Location Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Manhattan Brooklyn East Shore Mid Island North Shore South Shore West Shore Fairfield New Haven Litchfield Hartford New London Philadelphia Bucks Montgomery Type Pop/Rock Blues Folk World Cabaret Jazz Classical Opera Today Tomorrow Next 7 Days Next 14 Days Next 30 DaysAll  New Jersey music  Search business listings for restaurants in and around New Jersey. Choose a Cuisine All Cuisines American Food Asian Food Barbeque Bars  Grills Breakfast Burgers Cafes Caribbean Food Chinese Food Coffee Houses Delicatessens Family Restaurants Fast Food Food Carts  Stands Food Delivery Services Greek Food Ice Cream  Frozen Yogurt Italian Food Japanese Food Kosher Food Latin American Food Pizza Restaurants Sandwiches Seafood Restaurants Spanish Food Steak Houses Sushi Restaurants Thai Food Vietnamese Food Restaurants in New Jersey Restaurant news  reviews Movie Title All movies The Act of Killing Aint Them Bodies Saints Alien Aliens And the Ship Sails On The Ant Bully Anthaka Mundu Aa Tarvatha ATF Acquire the Fire: Surge The Attack Austenland Bakit Hindi Ka Crush Ng Crush Mo? Ballet in Cinema: The Pharaohs Daughter From the Bolshoi Ballet The Beast From 20,000 Fathoms Before Midnight Big Easy Express Blackfish Blue Jasmine The Bruce Lacey Experience Call the Theater for Features and Show Times Cat People Chennai Express Clean Guys of Comedy Clean Guys of Comedy Encore Closed Circuit The Conjuring Contempt Curse of the Demon Cutie and the Boxer The Day the Earth Stood Still Dead Ringers Def Leppard Viva Hysteria Concert Demon Seed Despicable Me 2 Despicable Me 2 3D Double Agent 73 Dream Theater: Live at Luna Park Elysium Elysium: The IMAX Experience Escape From New York Europa Report Exhibition: Vermeer and Music -- The Art of Love and Leisure Fame The Family Felix Bernstein Program Ferris Buellers Day Off Fight Club The Fly The Fly Four The French Connection The Frozen Ground Fruitvale Station Getaway Grace Unplugged Grand Master The Grandmaster The Great Gatsby The Great Gatsby 3D Grown Ups 2 Hannah Arendt The Heat Hotblooded Woman The Howling Im So Excited! Ice Age: The Meltdown In a World... The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete Insidious Double Feature Insidious: Chapter 2 Insidious: Chapter 2 Doubleheader Instructions Not Included It Came From Outer Space Jatt Boys Putt Jattan De Jeff Keen Programs Jobs Just Imagine Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain Kick-Ass 2 King: A Filmed Record... Montgomery to Memphis Lacey and Keen Programs The Last Christeros Lee Daniels The Butler Let Me Die a Woman Lovelace Madras Cafe Metallica: Through the Never -- An IMAX 3D Experience Metropolis The Metropolitan Opera: Eugene Onegin The Metropolitan Opera: Eugene Onegin - Encore Michael H. Shamberg Program Monsters University Morrissey 25: Live The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones -- The IMAX Experience Mothra Mulholland Dr. Mysterious Island Newfilmmakers Celebrates Labor Day Newfilmmakers Presents Films From Brooklyn Newfilmmakers Presents New Films No Films Showing Today Olgas House of Shame Once Upon a Time in Mumbai Dobaara One Direction: This Is Us One Direction: This Is Us 3D The One: Mayweather vs. Canelo Opera de Paris: Mahlers Third Symphony Our Children Pacific Rim Pacific Rim 3D Paradise: Faith Paranoia The Patience Stone Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters 3D The Pick-Up Plan 9 From Outer Space Planes Planes 3D Pompeii From the British Museum Pulp Fiction Quatermass and the Pit Riddick Riddick: The IMAX Experience RiffTrax Live: Night of the Living Dead RiffTrax Live: Starship Troopers RiffTrax Live: Starship Troopers Encore Rosemarys Baby Russian Ark Savannah Scenic Route The Servant Short Term 12 The Smurfs 2 The Smurfs 2 3D Some Like It Hot Spark: A Burning Man Story Sparrows Dance Special Event The Spectacular Now Starship Troopers Still Mine Street Corner Swamp Thing Therese Things to Come This Is the End Tiny Times 2 Tio Papi The To Do List To Kill a Mockingbird Tokyo Waka Total Recall Turbo The Ultimate Life Una noche The United States of Football Unstoppable: A Live Event With Kirk Cameron Vertigo Village of the Damned Wamplers Ascent The War of the Worlds The Way Way Back Were the Millers Winnie The Wolverine The Wolverine 3D World War Z The Worlds End WWZ  Star Trek Combo Yogi Bear You Will Be My Son Youre Next Youre Nobody Til Somebody Kills You 2 Guns 20 Feet From Stardom 20 Million Miles to Earth 2001: A Space Odyssey Region All regions Atlantic County Bergen County Burlington County Camden County Cape May County Cumberland County Essex County Gloucester County Hudson County Hunterdon County Mercer County Middlesex County Monmouth County Morris County New York Ocean County Passaic County Pennsylvania Salem County Somerset County Sussex County Union County Warren County  More Searches New Jersey movies  Search across all events and locations:  TELEVISION More television news  Real Housewives of New Jersey recap: The wild bunch 1:50 AM  Breaking Bad recap: The hits keep coming 11:51 PM  Dexter Make Your Own Kind of Music recap: Family Business 11:44 AM MORE TV NEWS  ENTERTAINMENT Blogs Alan Sepinwall: All TV  South Park, Dead Celebrities: Michael Jackson haunts the boys  The Office: Why Jim and Pams wedding is good for TV comedy Stephen Whitty on Film MORE BLOGS  Forums Talk about the Real Housewives of New Jersey on our TV forum  Ghetto Nerd Girl - Web Series Filmed in NJ by sally_mcgarvey 4:17 PM  New Film Classes offered in Monmouth County NJ by cinematique 6:40 AM TV FORUM   About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ.com Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Blogs Premium Blogs Site map Claim your free business listing Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food  Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit your photos Submit your videos Forums Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter | Facebook Google+ | foursquare  Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Cranford Chronicle | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Messenger-Gazette The Warren Reporter Independent Press Suburban News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile Mobile site | iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy  2013 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved ( About Us ). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Contact interactivity management. Ad Choices  