 Shop The Amazon Warehouse for Automotive Deals and Discounts Auto Repair Manuals  Paper auto repair manuals are becoming a thing of the past! You can confirm this fact with any well equipped auto repair shop. Why buy paper books when you can get the same targeted information that professional mechanics use onlinewith a DIY twist. You are one step away from having the power to fix it right the first time. Stop guessing at the problem and diagnose it with proven methods. This is a service manual that is less expensive and has more useful information. It's the Factory information supplied to Dealership mechanics but it also provides additional support designed to help do it yourself technicians. You can go and see the Information from Mitchell 1 online manuals right now! But if you stick around I can tell you a few things about the program they will not. Learn about it by reading this short page. Then watch the auto repair video below. See for yourself how to use it on a real world common car problem. Then decide if it's right for you. Get repair advice the modern way My name is Mark I'm an ASE Certified Master Technician and an auto repair expert with 26 years of front line wrench turning experience. I will never go back to using paper repair diagrams! I have used many online programs that replaced the printed service manual. Online service manuals aren't all created equally. There are differences between major brands. The depth of information the database contains can make it hard to find the exact stuff you are looking for. This makes the interface a key component of the program. Being able to grab information fast is extremely important. The navigation is straight forward and user friendly. A handy search function is located at the top of every page and works just like a search engine to help you quickly find the schematics you need. Browse through printable factory supplied wiring diagrams, step by step troubleshooting guides, fluid capacity specifications, bolt torque, tightening patterns and much more. Component location diagrams are also provided that can pinpoint where parts are located for that specific year and model. Another useful feature is being able to print repair diagrams and take them to the driveway. This can reduce vehicle down time. The interface also has embedded short cuts to technical service bulletins and recalls right from the main menu for the chosen automobile. Technical Service Bulletins, or TSB's are notifications from car-makers and manufacturers to dealership level technicians. This provides the latest information on repeat failures, updated diagnostic procedures, repair trends and specific solutions for known problems. Watch a 4 minute video showing you how to find the no strings demo and a few key features to help you get the most from it. Do it Yourself Online Automotive Repair Information Click Here . Want to see Mark's Credentials or Resume? Visit his profile on Google+ . Car and Truck Repair Questions Answered Right Now Ask Professional Car Mechanics Type your car question here. letters left Service manuals save time Using modern repair diagrams from online programs can simplify the troubleshooting procedure. For people that want to work on their own automobiles you can get professional results at home! Share this page with friends or give it a bookmark. Comeback to read more articles and watch the other short videos below on how to fix cars with these online troubleshooters! As a Mechanic I can state that common problems on a specific vehicles are likely found on many of the same type or models. If you've got a misfire on a 04 Blazer and find a service bulletin for it, you have most likely found the problem. These programs can cost a lot to rent on a monthly basis for commercial use. But for single vehicle personal use they offer a web-based system that can be accessed by the public for $25.99 a year. It's a one time payment and is not automatically renewed. Additional cars and longer subscriptions are discounted. Not all of the models you can subscribe too provide the same amount of information! Here is why and the reason you may be happier with the online version of the Chevrolet factory service manual . Whether you decide to buy an old fashioned paper book or the latest online version, using them for the first time can be frustrating. Here are some basic tips for using any kind of service manual . This next link takes you to a few examples of how All-Data has pushed me in the right direction with specific vehicle repairs. View my page about how online programs provide valuable information . New video highlights the recent changes in the program and answers frequently asked questions about this online automobile reference material . Automobile wire schematics are a strong feature of All-Data. Let me show you how to use them to solve car electrical problems. This video is on my newest site. Learn the method I use to diagnose and repair complex electrical circuits with automotive wiring diagrams . This is a quick article about using the Internet for finding repair advice . Not all car forums are good for you or your vehicle. If you are a Ford fan I have built a page just for you. Here are some details about using these programs on Ford cars and trucks . If you are not a do-it-yourself person the All-Data program can keep your automobile shop honest and protect you from overcharges and pricing scams. View my quick article on how to keep your shop honest by knowing how much auto repairs cost . If you need any support using the product or have questions on how it works I will be happy to assist you. I've used it for about 10 years and no my way around it. I have provided a contact form on the next page. Also included are detailed instructions for getting real answers. I receive a lot of junk mail. The instructions for separating your good car question from all the junk ones is provided. Remember not all people can DIY even with the help of a good car manual . This next link will take you to the homepage. You can learn more about Mark the mechanic and what else is on this car questions website . Search this automobile website and the Internet at the same time. Custom Search  Ask Mechanics Now Type your Car question here letters left Home DIY Car Repair Auto Repair Manuals DIY Auto Repair Tips Auto Scan Tools Info Car Alarm & Audio Learn Car Detailing Auto Tools & Supplies Your Car Repair Story Buying & Selling Automobiles Make Money with Cars About Auction Cars New Car Buying Tip How To Buy Used Cars About Car Leases Buy Car Online Tips Automotive Information Automotive Blog My Auto Repair Book Sitemap Website Policies Automotive News Hybrid Cars Information Increase Fuel Economy Fast Hot Cars Fun Car Games Trending Posts [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site  Contact Us Directly By Using The Comment Box located on the Auto Repair Book Page. Copyright © 2006 - 2013 Mark Gittelman LLC WWW.Auto-Facts.org Content Protected By CopyScape© 