 Houston Museum District Association Contact Us» Home» 19 Museums, Something New Everyday! District Museums Asia Society Texas Center Buffalo Soldiers National Museum Children's Museum of Houston Contemporary Arts Museum Houston Czech Center Museum Houston The Health Museum Holocaust Museum Houston Houston Center for Contemporary Craft Houston Center for Photography Houston Museum of Natural Science Houston Zoo The John C. Freeman Weather Museum The Jung Center of Houston Lawndale Art Center The Menil Collection Museum of African American Culture The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston Rice University Art Gallery Rothko Chapel The Museum Experience Meet the Museums of Zone 4 Calendar Event Photos Daily Events Monthly Events Search Events Museum Educators Open House Newsletter Sign-up Visitor Information District Map Free Admission Times Houston Museum District Brochure Newsletter Sign-up Insider's Guide to the District Transportation Accommodations Shopping Directory Dining Directory Area Resources News & Media Newsletter Photos Videos Museum District Walk & Roll Media Room District PR Contacts Houston Loves Museums About HMDA Our Mission Our History Staff Jobs & Volunteering Venue Rental Contacts Contact Us The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston http://mfah.org/ | 713-639-7300 Events  Bayou Bend Detective Days  August 28, 10:00 a.m. Lunch + Look “The Silk Road” August 28, 1:00 p.m. Bayou Bend Detective Days  August 29, 10:00 a.m. About The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, is one of the largest art museums in America, with more than 300,000 square feet of space devoted to the display of art. The collection contains over 63,000 works of art. There are two major museum buildings, the Caroline Wiess Law Building and the Audrey Jones Beck Building; two facilities for the Glassell School of Art , the Studio School of Art for adults and the Glassell Junior School; two house museums that exhibit decorative arts, Bayou Bend Collection and Gardens and Rienzi ; the Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden; and 18 acres of public gardens. For more information about the MFAH go to mfah.org . To learn more about exhibitions now on view at the MFAH go to mfah.org/exhibitions . For a complete calendar of events and activities at the MFAH go to mfah.org/calendar . Other Photos    1001 Bissonnet Street Houston, TX 77005 Get Directions View Larger  Hours Monday: Closed (Except Monday Holidays); Tuesday - Wednesday: 10 am - 5 pm; Thursday: 10 am - 9 pm; Friday - Saturday: 10 am - 7 pm; Sunday: 12:15 pm - 7 pm; Closed Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.General Admission: MFAH Members-FREE; Adult-$13 ($12 Online); Senior (65+) $8 ($7 Online); Youth (6-18) $6 ($5 Online); Child (5 & younger) FREE; Military (ID Required) $6; Student (ID Required) $6Ticketed exhibitions require an additional admission charge. Free Hours: FREE THURSDAY 10 am - 9 pm Parking Yes , there is Free Parking Yes , there is Street Parking Yes , there is Paid Parking Free parking is available in four outdoor, street-level lots north ... Read more  Free parking is available in four outdoor, street-level lots north of the Law Building. Two are along Main Street: one at Bissonnet, one at Oakdale; and two are off Montrose Boulevard: one at the Glassell Studio School and one at the Glassell Junior School. Overflow parking is available at Park Plaza parking garages at 1200 Binz and 1201 Hermann Drive.Located directly east of the Beck and Law buildings, the MFAH Visitors Center at 5600 Fannin features a four-story covered parking garage. The easy-to-find parking entrance is on Binz, marked by a large, yellow arrow. Parking Fee is $6 all day. Dining Yes , there is a Restaurant Spend a day at the MFAH and refuel at Cafe ... Read more  Spend a day at the MFAH and refuel at Cafe Express, conveniently located on the lower level of the Beck Building, open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. To place an order, visit www.cafe-express.com or call 713-639-7370. MFAH Members receive a discount. During your lunch break you can also visit a curated selection of Houston’s finest food trucks, parked adjacent to the Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden, every day from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., or until quantities are sold out. For menus and a daily schedule, visit http://www.mfah.org/visit/fine-art-food-trucks Shopping The MFAH Shop offers great gifts for the home or ... Read more  The MFAH Shop offers great gifts for the home or office as well as exhibition catalogues and hard-to-find art books. Special Offers District Member Login » Houston Museums | About HMDA | Contact Us | Site Map | RSS | Privacy Policy | Schipul Web Design | Tendenci Non-Profit Website Management Software Newsletter Sign-Up Sign up now for the Houston Museum District newsletter! Name Email (Enter twice to verify) Please enter similar email addresses. Zip Code Yes, I would like to be added to the Houston Museum District mailing list. Stay Connected Connect with us on Twitter Connect with us on YouTube Connect with us on Facebook Generous support provided by Houston Endowment, John P. McGovern Foundation, The Brown Foundation, Inc., Wortham Foundation Inc. and the City of Houston. [if lt IE 7 ]>   DD_belatedPNG.fix('img, .png_bg'); 