  Home About Contact Site Map RSS Aftermarket Parts Auto Parts Automotive Electronics Automotive Tools Car Accessories Oils  Fluids Performance Products Wheels  Tires Featured Article #1 Car Mirrors There are many different mirrors on the modern automobile that serve many different purposes. For the sake of simplicity, we'll discuss in length the three main mirrors—the passenger side mirror, drivers' side mirror, and rear view mirror—as well as the details to buying, replacing, and finding the proper type of mirror. It is important to [...] March 27th, 2011 | Continued Featured Article #2 LED Headlights Until fairly recently, xenon headlamps were considered the brightest among all the different types of car headlights in the market. The trademark bluish-white light of xenon headlamps can cut through darkness like a knife, and they are held in extremely high regard among car enthusiasts, often being retailed at ridiculously high prices. However, things seem [...] December 8th, 2010 | Continued Featured Article #3 Heavy Duty Clutch Anyone driving a vehicle with a manual transmission will need to know the important of the clutch. Even a few people that drive vehicles with automatic transmissions will have clutches and need this information. As well, clutches are found in many other devices such as cordless drills, chainsaws, and mini bikes. What is a Clutch? [...] November 8th, 2010 | Continued Featured Article #4 Racing Rims Racing rims are an automotive product that attract a great deal of attention both in and out of actual racing circles. With the massive amount of car enthusiasts valuing racing rims more for their aesthetic capabilities than their performance factor, a new market has been born, made up of rims that are focused more on [...] October 5th, 2009 | Continued Featured Article #5 Digital Speedometer Until recently, most drivers – not counting racer car drivers are the very, very rich – had to be content with gauging their driving speed by using an old fashioned speedometer. Sure, you could tell when you were going 20, or 55, or 80, but trying to gauge whether you were going 37 or 38 [...] August 18th, 2009 | Continued About this Site At CartechAutoparts.com, we provide technical guides and how to instructions on everything about automotive vehicles. Learn the basic mechanisms of various auto parts and car accessories, find the best parts solutions for your cars that feature cost saving and energy efficient capabilities, as well as safe and environmentally friendly vehicle characteristics. We hope our contribution [...] Read More Featured Articles 1 2 3 4 5 About this Site  Other Recent Articles 12 Volt Car Batteries A 12 volt car battery is an electrical storage device. It does not make electricity; it stores it for future use. Certain chemicals in the battery change the electrical energy so that it is released to power up your lights, radio, windshield wipers, etc. A12 V car battery is also necessary for your car's ignition [...] Continue Reading Plastic Wheel Covers Plastic wheel covers, hubcaps, or wheel trims are all words used to describe the same thing: a cover or seal meant to cover the center hub of an automobile tire, and protect the lug nuts and bolts. The lug nuts and bolts fasten the wheel to the axle of the car, and should be kept [...] Continue Reading Odometer Almost all vehicles have a device called an odometer that is used to accurately gauge the vehicle’s distance that has been traveled. Cars, trucks, SUVs, off-road vehicles, bicycles motorcycles and many other types of vehicles all use an odometer. Odometers can be mechanical, electrical or both mechanical and electrical depending on the manufacture and the [...] Continue Reading Overload Springs A good truck air suspension system will help you to add a bit of cushion to your ride when hauling or towing. It helps you to protect your vehicle from the constant wear and tear typically caused by hauling heavy items and adds a bit of stability when you need to apply the brake pedal, [...] Continue Reading Trunk Organizers One of the problems with living in such a fast-paced society is that we are constantly on the go and it seems like no matter how hard we try it is next to impossible to get organized. We find that more and more often we are in our vehicles for business-related trips, shopping excursions or [...] Continue Reading Hitch Cargo Carriers A hitch cargo carrier fits onto a trailer hitch and is an excellent vehicle accessory for those who need to transport and protect gear while they are traveling. The cargo carrier keeps your belongings completely covered. Gear is easily loaded and unloaded at waist level making it very convenient. Hitch cargo carriers or boxes can [...] Continue Reading Automotive Fuse Block A fuse block is made up of fuses which operate at various amperage values. The amperage value which a particular fuse is operating on is factored by the electrical component that it is working with. If the amount of voltage is tremendously increased or decreased then the fuse could end up burning out. This is [...] Continue Reading Bull Bars It is common knowledge for any car enthusiast that bull bars provide a number of benefits to an automobile. However, in order to reap the most benefits from them, motorists need to use them only in the appropriate situations. Such a possible circumstance might arise from a simple drive on the roads in rural areas. [...] Continue Reading Older Entries Pages About Us Contact Us Site Map Categories Aftermarket Parts Alternative Energy Auto Parts Automotive Electronics Automotive Tools Car Accessories Featured How-to Guides Oils  Fluids Performance Products Wheels  Tires Recent Posts 12 Volt Car Batteries Plastic Wheel Covers Odometer Overload Springs Trunk Organizers Hitch Cargo Carriers Automotive Fuse Block Bull Bars Bosch Fuel Pumps RV Shocks Volvo Parts Car Mirror Glass Car Indicator Lights Thermal Limiter Switch Steering Column Parts  Popular Guides BBS Wheels Leaf Spring Pads Car Bushings Blower Motor Resistor 12 Volt Electric Car Heater Camshaft Sensor Recent Articles 12 Volt Car Batteries Plastic Wheel Covers Odometer Overload Springs Trunk Organizers Hitch Cargo Carriers Search Site Tags Site Tags Actuators Air Intake Alternative Energy Audi Automotive Battery Chargers Automotive Bearing Automotive Cleaning Products Automotive Filters Automotive Gauge Automotive Glass Automotive Paint Automotive Pistons Automotive Switches BMW Body Parts Brake Brake Boosters Brake Calipers Brake Pads Bug Shields Bumper Bushing Car Air Conditioning Car Air Filter Car Alarm Car Alternator Car Audio Car Axle Car Battery Car Care Products Car Cigarette Lighter Car Cooling System Car Diagnostic Tools Car Door Locks Car Door Parts Car Electronics Car Emission Control Car Engine Car Exterior Accessories Car Fenders Car Gadgets Car Heaters Car Hitches Car Interior Accessories Car Interior Upholstery Car Jacks Car Lift Car Lighting Car Mirror Car Parts Car Radiators Car Rims Car Safety Equipment Car Seat Car Starter Car Sun Shades Car Suspension Car Test Equipment Car Tint Car Tires Car Tools Car Wheel Car Window Parts Carburetors Catalytic Converters Clutch Compressors Coolant Crankshaft Dashboard Dent Removal Tools Drive Belts Drive Shaft Electric Cars Electrical System Exhaust Parts Exhaust System Flange Flywheel Ford Fuel Fuel Cell Fuel Injector Fuel Pump Fuel System Fuel Tank Gasket Gear Shift GPS Navigation Grilles Headlights Headliner Honda Hood Scoops Hybrid Cars Ignition System Jump Starter LED Lubricants Measuring Instruments Motor Motor Oil Mud Flaps Mufflers Off Road Parts Oil Changing Supplies Oil Filters Oil Pressure Oxygen Sensors Performance Parts Power Programmers Power Window Pump Radar Detectors Rear Axle Replacement Parts RV Accessories Scratch Remover Seal Sealers Sensor Shock Absorber Spark Plug Speedometer Spoilers Starter Motors Steering Parts Steering Wheel Sunroof Supercharger Suspension Springs Tailgate Thermostats Throttle Tie Rod Tire Tools Tonneau Covers Torque Converter Toyota Transmission Parts Truck Accessories Truck Parts Valve Vehicle Detectors Wheel Accessories Wheels By Brand Windshield Wiper  Recent Comments I think my problem with my car is coil springs but not sure. I have a 96 ford explorer and ... Tina | 25Oct11 | More i have a 83 toyota hilux rear wheel drive one tonner and i wanna put a 350 V8 chevy comaro ... luke | 19Oct11 | More Hi. I have a 1990 NA MX5 that I want to put a SR20 turbo into. The 1.6ltr in it ... Ben | 10Oct11 | More  Copyright Cartech Auto Parts 2008 - 2013. All rights reserved. Home About Us Contact Us Site Map LED Bulbs Truck Tires RSS 