 American Towns Fort Lauderdale Florida Nearby Towns Lauderdale Lakes Plantation Wilton Manors Sunrise Davie North Lauderdale Tamarac Cooper City Dania Margate Hollywood Coral Springs All Florida Towns Explore Another Town AmericanTowns.com Log In Register Help Subscribe to our RSS Follow us on twitter Follow us on Facebook Email us Home Things To Do Things to Do Farmers Markets Movie Times, TV, DVDs Events this Weekend All Events Food  Dining Restaurants Restaurant Coupons Farmers Markets Directory Directory Accountants Doctors Dentists Florists Moving / Storage Plumbers White Pages Zip Code TV Stations Travel  Transit Travel  Transit Car Rental Flights Gas Prices Hotels Maps Traffic / Trains Weather WiFi Community Life Community Life Events Calendar Community Profile Government Houses of Worship Clubs and Non-Profits Photos School Delays and Closings Schools, Libraries Obituaries Classifieds / Jobs Classifieds Jobs Coupons Restaurant Coupons News News Blogs and Tweets Photos Videos Real Estate Find a New Home Homes for Sale Find an Agent Apartments for Rent Insurance Mortgages Volunteering Volunteer Opportunities Volunteer Organizations Find Volunteers News Photos Blogs and Tweets Videos Fort Lauderdale, FL  Fort Lauderdale News  Announcements  Arts and Entertainment Fort Lauderdale FL Florida - Concerts, Theatre, Music, Galleries, Arts in Fort Lauderdale FL Fort Lauderdale Arts and Entertainment News Fort Lauderdale Arts and Entertainment News Add Your News Select a Category Arts and Entertainment Business and Professional Clubs and Organizations Government and Politics Health and Fitness Real Estate Religion and Spirituality Restaurants Schools and Libraries Shops and Stores Sports and Recreation NAC Gallery Presents a Solo Show and Print Release for Diego Jacobson After the success of the sell out Diego Jacobson solo show "Everything is Perfect" in Miami, we are pleased to announce an NAC exclusive solo show on September the 15th in Fort Lauderdale. We will be unveiling never before seen paintings, but what we're really excited about ... Read More July 4th Fireworks for Fort Lauderdale, FL 2013 Schedules and Parades  Fort Lauderdale July 4th 2013 Fireworks and Events  Find July 4th Fireworks in Fort Lauderdale, Fl including Events, Schedules and Parades. Search for July 4th Restaurants, Things to do and more! Besides fireworks and display schedules... Read More Music For The Soul Featuring Pt. Sanjoy Banerjee (Vocal) What: Music for the Soul featuring Pt. Sanjoy Banerjee (Vocal)Accompany on Tabla-Sudhir Limaye, Harmonium Dr. Manohar ApteWhen: Saturday, August 3 - 2013Where: Artserve Auditorium, 1350 East Sunrise Blvd, Ft. Lauderdale-FL-33304Time:... Read More July 4th fireworks schedule, festivities and parades in Broward County, FL  Fort Lauderdale July 4th 2013 Fireworks and Events  Find July 4th Fireworks in Fort Lauderdale, Fl including Events, Schedules and Parades. Search for July 4th Restaurants, Things to do and more! Besides fireworks and display schedules... Read More Repticon Reptile and Exotic Animal Expo 2013 About the Repticon Ft. Lauderdale Show:In August of 2011, Repticon acquired the long-running Florida Reptile and Alternative Pet Show in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. In 2012, the Ft. Lauderdale show returned with the giant Repticon Ft. Lauderdale at the historic Ft. Lauderdale W... Read More Celestial Vocal Concert What: Celestial Vocal Concert featuring Arati Ankliker Tikeker, recipient of the 60th National Film award  for the Best Playback singer. She achieved this award for the 2nd time in her illustrious carrier. Milind Kulkarni on Harmonium.http://www.youtube.com/watc... Read More Talented Piano Students from BCPS to Perform in Elite Young Pianists Concert From: Broward County Public Schools Five talented piano students from Broward County Public Schools (BCPS) were selected to participate in the Chopin Foundation of the United States Young Pianists Concert at the Broward County Main Library Auditorium, 100 S Andrews Avenue, in Fort Lauderdale.The young t... Read More Weekend Activities in and around Billingsley Give yourself a Time Out this week and treat your­self to a day out on­ ­the town. Whether you're in the mood to do some shopping, house hunting, catch a movie or just enjoy the great outdoors we've got the hookup on homes for sale, movie times, and other cool entertainme... Read More April Phantom Gallery and Cafe open Mic to feature Laurie Miale Phantom Gallery and Cafe Open Mic is please to announce that Laurie Miale will be appear as the featured performer.Laurie, who's vocal style has been compared to Mary Chapin Carpenter, spent most of her life in Hollywood, Florida and just completed a 36 year career with... Read More Elevate Music Group and Grammy Winning Producer 'DJ Blackout' Unleash Justin Anthony at SXSW in Austin Debut Artist's first single, "Good Luv," features Snoop DoggFT. LAUDERDALE, FL---Over the past five years, Winston "DJ Blackout" Thomas has produced hits for some of the biggest names in music: Nicki Minaj, Jason Derulo, Mims and Flo-Rida to name a few.On Saturday, March 16 ... Read More 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | Next  | last  Results: 1 - 10 of 318Results per Page: 20 | 50 | 100 Leave a Comment  Recommended for you... Twiztid Jazz - Jeff Taylor With Sound of Vision Labor Day Native Bird Festival Exhibition - Charles M. Schulz: Pop Culture in Peanuts Find it fast Business Places News Events Sponsored By Brenda Stone, Realtor FtLauderdale Flights Promote Your Business: Advertise Here In  Around Fort Lauderdale Restaurants Movie Times Real Estate Jobs Classifieds Gas Prices Museums Coffee Spots Parks Wi-Fi Local News Feed Today is Womens Equality Day. We are celebrating the anniversary of the certifi... Today is Women’s Equality Day. We are celebrating the anniversary of the certification a... Eleven wounded bait dogs found in Fort Lauderdale Animals may have been involved in fighting, police saidEleven malnourished, scarred and co... Judge Watson fights misconduct accusation Broward Circuit Judge Laura Marie Watson isnt waiting around for the Judicial Qualif... View All News Articles Add A News Article Fort Lauderdale Newsletter Get things to-do, local deals  news delivered to your inbox each week. Find us on Facebook American Towns Fort Lauderdale Tool Kit Non-Profit | Business | List Your Organization Do you have a non-profit organization that you’d like to add? Post an Event Promote your event to the community. Submit a News Release We want to hear about the latest and greatest story that’s happening within our community. Free: See How You’re Listed On Yahoo, Yelp, SuperPages, AmericanTowns and 25 other directories! Improve Your Listing Add your social media links and bio, and promote your discounts, menus, events. New Businesses Be sure your listing is up on all the key local directories with all your important content (social links and product info). 20 million people rely on AmericanTowns each year to find  share local information.  AmericanTowns.com Post Events Share News List Your Organization Discover and share the best of Fort Lauderdale Site Map Fort Lauderdale, FL Site Map Fort Lauderdale, FL Events Site Map Fort Lauderdale, FL News Site Map Fort Lauderdale, FL Organizations Fort Lauderdale Categories July 4th Fireworks in Fort Lauderdale, FL July 4th Fireworks in Florida Classifieds Fort Lauderdale Community Profile Fort Lauderdale School Delays and Closings Fort Lauderdale Jobs  Careers Sponsored by Career Builder About American Towns About Us Contact Us Link to Us Pressroom How to Advertise Site Help Frequently Asked Questions Why Join? Report Incorrect Information  2013 AmericanTowns.com. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Last Updated: July 15, 2013  20 million people rely on AmericanTowns each year to find  share local information 