 Home Blog Reservations Contact (215) 332-3500 - Salvage (215) 332-3520 - Rentals Home About Pennsylvania Philadelphia Salvage Salvage Yard Salvage Cars Junk Yard Philadelphia Auto Parts Buy Parts Online Car Parts Used Car Parts New Car Parts Self Service Parts Auto Glass Glass Replacement Glass Repair Buy My Car Sell My Car How It Works FAQ Car Rentals Request Reservation Car Rental Economy Cars Midsize Cars Full Size Cars Cash Rentals Long Term Rentals Insurance Rentals Customer Reviews Reservations Contact  Salvage Cars  Car Parts in Philadelphia Specializing in the wholesale of new and used car parts , Orthodox Auto Company is located in Philadelphia and has been in business for over 40 years. We are a family-owned and operated used parts retailer and junkyard that deals with insurance companies, auto repair shops, and private owners on a daily basis. We also offer a variety of car rentals in the Philadelphia area. Contact us to learn more about our cash car rentals or our salvage yard services today. Salvage Salvage Yard Salvage Cars Junk Yard Used Parts Pick and Pull Auto Parts Car Parts-Buy Online! Used Parts New Parts Self Service Parts Auto Glass Buy My Car Buy Junkers Sell My Car Cash For Cars How It Works Frequently Asked Questions Car Rentals Car Rentals Cash Car Rentals Long Term Rentals Insurance Rentals Request Reservation Our services include the following: The sale of used parts and new car parts ; we also allow those with knowledge in car parts access to our salvage yard . A cash car rental business that helps those with subprime or no credit to rent a vehicle. A cheap auto glass repair and windshield replacement service for vehicles. A car buying service that will buy junk cars of any condition. Contact us at (215) 332-3500 (salvage) or (215) 332-3520 (cash car rentals) to receive more information about us and the services we provide to the Philadelphia area. Junk Yard Full of Car Parts Housing millions of used parts , our seven-acre junk yard is the place for professional mechanics and private owners to find the auto part they need. Most used parts are in excellent condition and have many miles of use left in them, making our auto salvage yard a great place to get the most for your money. If you are unable to find the auto salvage parts in our inventory, we welcome you to pick and pull parts from our salvage yard. Find the car parts you need, or the inspiration to start a salvage car restoration project, by spending an afternoon rummaging through our salvage cars . Windshield Replacement and Repair In addition to our pick and pull program for car parts , Orthodox Auto Company proudly provides affordable auto glass repair services such as windshield replacements .Windshields are one of the most important safety features in your car, and replacing one can be costly at other places, but that is not the case at Orthodox. Our inexpensive windshields are installed by our experts and are securely placed as to eliminate water and air leaks or the risk of the auto glass popping out during an accident. Where to Sell a Car in Philly If you need to sell a car quickly, Orthodox Auto Company will pay you on the spot for any vehicle, regardless of its condition. The car buying process is simple: Call us and describe your vehicle and its condition; let us know if you have the title. Receive an instant, free quote over the phone. Schedule a time for us to tow it back to our Philly location (or bring it to us if possible). Get paid on the spot. Orthodox Auto Company believes every car has a price tag, and were willing to pay you what we think yours is worth. Car Rentals in Philadelphia Our cash car rentals are designed to provide those with subprime or no credit the opportunity to drive in style through Philadelphia . We offer cheap car rentals , mid size rental cars , and full size car rentals to all drivers over the age of 21 who can provide proof of insurance, a license, and a cash-down deposit. You won't be burdened with hassles when it comes to renting a car through Orthodox Auto Companyyou'll receive your car rental in no time! From junk yards , salvage yards , and car parts to cash car rentals and windshield replacements , Orthodox Auto Company provides the entire Philadelphia PA area and beyond with upstanding services and customer care. Contact us at (215) 332-3500 for our salvage services or (215) 332-3520 for our cash car rentals. We'll be more than happy to discuss how we can assist you or give a free quote for any car youre selling.  Rental Requirements No credit? No problem! Rent with cash from Orthodox Auto Company. Just be 21 years of age and bring these three items with you. Cash deposit amounting to 7 rental days Valid driver's license Proof of full coverage insurance Orthodox Auto Companys Facebook Check out Delaware Canal State Park on your PA road trip! You might be trying to justify keeping your soon-to-be junk car. While sentiment... Ever wonder what car parts are easiest to recycle? more Home About Customer Reviews Rentals Car Rental Cash Car Rental Salvage Auto Parts Auto Glass Philadelphia PA Salvage Philadelphia Salvage PA Links Blog Reservations Testimonials Contact  Orthodox Auto Company. All rights reserved. Privacy Notice . Sitemap . 