 Menu Home Contact Us Sitemap About Us Featured Posts Managing Time Well for Actors - Most actors have their schedules fully booked with TV appearances, film.. Luxury Cars for Popular Celebrities - Cars and celebrities are almost synonymous. Since being a celebrity is one of.. Cinematic Experience in the Philippines - The Philippines is a tropical paradise rich in amazing culture, diverse.. Print Advertising Through Magazines - Although many Filipinos – especially the young ones and the yuppies – now.. TV Commercials with Famous Celebrities - The Filipino people are big fans of celebrities – and marketers are very.. Joy in Performing Arts - The Philippines is widely known for its folk dances, music, and theatrical.. Cultural Productions to Showcase Local Talent - Cultural productions held during town or “barrio” fiestas tell of old tales.. Philippine Theatre Arts Stage Plays Cultural Productions Filming and the Cinema Independent Films Famous Entertainment Variety Shows Game Shows Reality Shows Talk Shows Soap Operas TV Documentaries Print Media Productions Magazines Spreadsheets Media Ads and Promotions Promotional Events Broadcast Commercials Print Commercials Movie Promotions More to Read Inclusive Vacation Packages Experience Music by US Advanced Asian Entertainment Benefits of Injury Compensation Enjoying Shutters and Entertainment Radiators Engagement rings Amateur Performing Artists The Princess and the Frog Movie Notebook Philippine Media and Entertainment The Philippines is not only a country of beautiful nature spots and treasures, which offer holidaymakers great cruises, fantastic adventures, and endless fun. It is also a country of talented individuals with unique personalities and undisputed level of creativity. For the past decades, the Filipino talent has reached its ultimate success in many fields like in sports, entertainment, and in the film industry. For a number of times, Filipinos have proven their competitiveness. As a matter of fact, in these modern times, many of them are now soaring in the spotlight in the world of entertainment. One of the branch of the Philippine Entertainment are the performing arts and mass media productions in the country. Performing arts showcase the local talents and exposing them to the public while providing world-class entertainment. The mass media, on the other hand, has always been the people’s partner in unravelling significant issues that affect the entire society. Nowadays, the Philippine media and entertainment have become the country’s outlet of artistic and free expression. It has good benefits especially to the young generation who are now learning to confidently express their skills, creative imaginations, and inborn talents while bringing pride to the nation. This website is a great way to explore the Philippine media and entertainment world. All the information are gathered together to give you a one-stop source of tips, advices, and links that all together contain significant information. From the local shows available to the devices and gadgets used in the market, such as the CD duplicator, you are sure to find a resource. The world of entertainment is a world full of opportunities to many talented individuals. Many can find a long-lasting career in this field and that brought them to the peak of success. The Philippine entertainment today is one of the country’s pride that has created large communities of talented individuals. Over the years, it has created a reputation that made the country respectable particularly in the field of performing arts and mass media entertainment productions. This website exclusively presents the great achievements of the country in the field of performing arts and mass media productions. It shows how the country’s industry evolves over the decades, and how the media survived in serving the nation through the freedom of expression. This is indeed a great way to unleash the artist spirit that lies underneath the hearts of every Filipino! So if you are one of the talented Pinoys or just someone curious enough to explore the world of local entertainment, get out of your shell and bring out the artist in you. This website will give you the necessary information on how to develop and hone your existing talents. At the same time, it shows you the many paths of getting that dream role in the entertainment industry! You may now enjoy browsing and discover the world of Philippine entertainment! Portal to Philippine Entertainment Independent Film Production Business - The making of independent films is one of the most promising business prospects in the Philippine.. Getting Celebrity Autographs - As part of Pinoy pop culture, celebrities enjoy a lot of popularity and success. Wherever they.. Shopping Haven for Stars - Haggling may not seem so glamorous, but it might come as a surprise to you how many Pinoy.. Celebrities Moving to Condominiums - Some of the most beautiful celebrity homes in the country may be found in Bel-Air, Forbes Park, and.. Resources for Home Decorations - If you want to dress like a celebrity or live like one, chances are, you will end up with a.. Philippine Shopping Destinations - If you have already visited all the tourist spots in the Philippines, yet your feet are still not.. Why Movie Piracy is Very Rampant - Every year, hundreds of movies are released into cinemas or sold by legitimate production and.. Artificial Properties in Theatre - In the entertainment industry, theatrical productions have a variety of methods used by organisers.. Philippine Society and Entertainment Media - The entertainment industry is so much a part of societys day to day lives. Films and shows.. Sports for A Well-Toned Physique - Celebrities need to look their best and get in shape because they appear on television screens and.. Technology in Indie Films - Other than the high-end filming equipment that is needed in making Indie films. A working budget on.. Celebrity Gambling in Philippine Casinos - If cars and clubs are what young actors and actresses in the Philippines are so hooked on, then.. X-Rated Filipino Movies - Films that are ranked as X-rated by the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board.. Shopping for Fashionable Outfits - In the Philippines, celebrities are considered to be style icons. People look up to them when it.. Soap Operas in Primetime - Dinnertime will not be complete without the whole family watching soap operas that go on until the.. Get the Latest on Celebrity News - Ordinary folks love to follow the latest news stories of their favourite celebrities. It is a.. Financing Film Productions - In the Philippines, the biggest names in film production companies are: Star Cinema, GMA Films,.. Film Launch Through A Website - Now, not only can you see films being promoted on TV, radio, banners, magazines and newspapers, you.. Musical Plays to Enjoy - The Philippines is blessed with citizens who are talented in various performing arts. To name some.. Games in Reality Shows - Game TV shows are truly one of the favourite pasttime for most Filipinos. In fact, most Filipinos.. Getting Physical with Reality Shows - Most reality shows are the stepping stones of people to become celebrities. Since they are going to.. Celebrity Posters As Wall Decors - It is so much of a Filipino trait to put posters of famous celebrities on their walls as décor... Jobs in Production Shows - Production shows hire a lot of people for different tasks. There are marketing officers who deal.. Performing Arts for Filipino Children - Today, Filipino children are encouraged to keep the fire of the Philippine performing arts burning... Attractive Gadgets, Celebrity Style - Celebrities own some of the most expensive gadgets in the market today. Most of them get a hold of.. Learn Through TV Documentaries - TV documentaries give people a greater understanding of how the world came to be. In such films,..  Copyright  2010 www.dvdmoviecopysoftware.info Stairlifts 