 Voices Home 1 2 3 4 Lowe Mill ARTS & Entertainment and Flying Monkey Art Center - Part of Huntsville's Artistic Soul View and Buy Collectibles and Fine Art or Take Classes at This Landmark Building in Huntsville Joan Edens , Yahoo! Contributor Network Sep 29, 2009 "Share your voice on Yahoo! websites. Start Here ." More: Huntsville Monkeys lowe's Flag Close Post a comment Huntsville, Alabama is best known for NASA and Redstone Arsenal. Just about every known defense contractor in the US has a division of engineers here. Visitors and new comers, seeing nothing but manufacturing and engineering facilities stretched across never ending research parks, might think this town had no artistic soul. Luckily, the artistic community is alive and strong in this up and coming city. Lowe Mill & The Flying Monkey Art Center are two shining examples of the talent that can be viewed and tapped here. Local and visiting artists and performers of every medium and discipline display, perform, teach, and interact with visitors at this unique shopping and entertainment venue near downtown Huntsville. Long time residents, short term visitors, and tourists will all encounter fun, entertaining, and educational experiences in this amazing building made of brick and light. Shopping Browse the stores and stalls of Lowe Mill for anything from vintage clothing to vinyl records to fine art and everything in between; find unique gifts, collectibles and home dĂŠcor. Visiting artists set up shop in the hallways, so the mix is always changing with new mediums flowing through daily. Most of the artists in both Lowe Mill and especially the Flying Monkey Arts Center are available for commissioned work. If you have always wanted a special portrait or photograph, custom tiles, stained glass, jewelry, or even hand blown artesian glass dishes, walk through and find an artist whose work you appreciate and ask them if they would be interested in creating something special for you. Performances Shows and presentations by individual actors and actor groups, comedians, puppeteers, musicians, performance artists, and filmmakers provide entertainment weekly. There are several venues for the various performances: some are free and some have low admission costs. Information on upcoming events are kept updated on the Lowe Mill and Flying Monkey Arts websites. Classes Workshops and classes in painting, drawing, photography, sculpture, acting, puppeteering, creative writing, script writing, and mold making are all examples of classes that are being given, have been given, or are coming up soon. The classes are taught by professional artists at Lowe Mill, and while many are on-going, some are limited time events. As for everything else, bookmark the Lowe Mill and Flying Monkey Arts sites and check back often. Also, don't be shy to ask artists that spark your interest if they offer any training. Even if they don't offer open classes, they may be available for private lessons. Both Lowe Mill Arts & Entertainment and the Flying Monkey Arts Center are located at Lowe Mill, 2211 Seminole Drive, Suite 501, Huntsville, AL. Flying Monkey Arts takes up the third floor; Lowe Mill, the second. Make sure to check the calendar for hours and special announcements. Published by Joan Edens Joani Edens is a freelance writer and researcher with 20 years of technical writing experience. She enjoys writing on AC about her interests, including: art, literature, health, fitness, food and entertainment. View profile How to Get Started Selling Your Fine Art or Craft at Shows If you create fine art or crafts and would like to share your talents with others, and make a little profit to boot, try these tips to get started successfully. Fine Art Photography: Painting with a Camera Have you heard about fine art photography? Fine art photography is the most beautiful way of expression that can be made by great photographers through the lenses of their camer... What is Fine Art Female Figure Photography? Fine art figure photography involves creative expression. One form is fine art female figure photography. Fine Art Media Instant Abstract Art Entertainment News: Michael Jack... Lowe Mill ARTS & Entertainment and Flying Monkey Art Center Neighborhood: Downtown Huntsville, AL35805 United States of America Related Content Educational Activities for Your Children in South Carolina Village Green Fine Art Fair, Fairfield, Ohio Ten Tips for Buying Fine Art Online The Fine Art of Drinking Scotch Top 10 Fine Art University Programs Buying Fine Art Prints Tips to Buying Fine Art Online Resources www.lowmill.net www.flyingmonkeyarts.org/ www.lowemill.net/calendar.html 0 Comments Sign in to Comment Yahoo! Voices Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel Slideshow Library Video Library Also on Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Mail Maps Movies Music My Yahoo! News Shine Shopping Sports omg! Travel TV Contributor Network All Yahoo! Services  Yahoo! Contributor Network Join / Sign in Help Community Resources Blog Forum Promotional Tools Contests User Search Copyright  2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. | Yahoo! Shine and Lifestyles Network. Questions or Comments Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Disclaimer Careers Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel All Categories Parenting Pets Religion & Spirituality Seniors Shopping & Fashion Weddings Sign in Sign up Mail Voices Web Images Video News Local Voices Web Images Video News