 About Us Staff Shop Upcoming Events Forum Categories Categories VIP Cars Video Track Cars Supercars Stanced Cars JDM Cars Hellaflush Event Coverage Euro Culture/Clothing Drift Cars Aggressive Offset Bloggroll 1013MM Blog AULIAR Beth Saravo Photography David Tormey Photography DRIFTED Duchesslike Fatlace Flush Stance FORMULA Drift Hella Flush HIGHSNOBIETY Hybrid Racing HypeBeast ill.motion iPutinWork JDM Chicago Jonathan DeHate Jordan Donnelly (Photographer) Just Stance Klutch Konzept: Euro Corporation Loren Haleston MayDay Garage Muzik Lounge OMG Pancakes! Rim Tuck Rival house Ro Jas Weblog S3 Magazine ShiftedFrame ShootJoeC Blog Slam Burglars SOUTHRNFRESH Speed Hunters StanceWorks Stretch  Poke! The Chronicles The-LowDown Tuned-Life (Puerto Rico) ULTIME V2Lab.com VIPdOUT Words By Josh Wilson Zen Garage Follow Us Facebook Twitter Flickr RSS Share Facebook Twitter Google About Us Staff Shop Upcoming Events Forum  Aug 25, 2011 Photography By: Noel Barnum , John Zhang Words By: John Zhang Motion Auto Show 2011 In Southern California, the car scene never stops. Every other weekend there will be a car show and in between there will be a few car meets. Although everyone is familiar with the cars, its usually the type of car show and organization behind it that attracts the crowd. So far this year, SPOCOM 2011 and Motion Auto Show 2011 were probably the best all around car shows. Shows like these not only included cars, but also had models, lifestyle and just the general SOCAL car culture all under a convention center roof. Its car shows like these that you dont want to miss and what makes the socal car scene what it is. If you are not already familiar with the SOCAL car scene, then you should really read on. And for the rest of you, enjoy our Motion Auto Show 2011 coverage.  New paint job. Can you guess what conversion this car went through? Nice and timeless BBS to match too. Cars were not only displayed inside, but outside too. Some nice looking cars were posted outside to attract the crowd. Wow. She was my favorite. Not all models are scantly dressed. Classy. Starting off strong with a GT-R. Over very own exclusive photographer, Marcus Cookes, new setup. Feature coming soon! Oh my lowness! Well look what we have here. Insane bays. And a whole love of VIP. How is this camber even possible? Check Page 2 for more of the Motion Auto Show 2011 Coverage! Related Posts  The Ladies of Motion Auto Show 2011 Nisei Week Showoff Car Show 2011 Big Socal Euro Gathering 2011 Slammed Society Showcase by Fatlace  Formula Drift 2011 Round 1 Import Alliance 2011 Summer Meet (Nashville Super Speedway) Editor: John Zhang Prev 1 2 3 4 Next asdf © 2013 Canibeat. All rights reserved Privacy Policy  