 Chinese | Contact Us | Welcome to English site ABOUT JINGYUE INVEST IN JINGYUE NEWS Community Life Culture Tour   Culture Tour Jingyuetan National Forest Park The Puppet Manchurian Palace Museum Changchun Film Century City Changchun Automotive Cultural Park Changchun Jingyuetan Skiing Field Wanyan Loushi Tomb Mount Stone Sheep and Stone Tiger - Yingyue Link - Jilin Information Harbor Sohu.com sina.com > Home  Culture Tour  Changchun Automotive Cultural Park Changchun Automotive Cultural Park C hangchun is the cradle of Chinese automotive industry. As the origin place of New China automotive industry, Changchun FAW occupies an important position in the history of New China Automotive Development. Changchun City has formed unique automotive industrial tourist resources through long-term historic accumulation. C hangchun Automotive Cultural Park integrates automotive comprehensive demonstration, commercial service, automotive science-popularized education, automotive cultural exchange, rest and recreation and industrial tour. It reveals the automotive culture of China and even the world in the topic of automotive, and reflects the development course and tour achievements of Chinese automotive industry. C hangchun Automotive Cultural Park is divided into automotive exhibition sale section, tour viewing and visiting section, quiet rest section, water recreational section and comprehensive commercial section. T he core project of Changchun Automotive Cultural Park is Changchun Automotive Museum and Automotive Exhibition Sale Center that will be started in March 2005 and completed by the end of the year. At the same time the foundation of World Automotive History Gallery , China Automotive Track Gallery and the construction of part of landscapes such as Water Gallery will be partially opened in May 2006. The whole project of Automotive Cultural Park will be completed by the end of 2007 and opened to the outside in 2008. T he entire park will take automotive culture as the main line to demonstrate in various forms the course of automotive development and cultural achievements of FAW, China and even the world; adopt the method of combining natural and manual work to organically link architecture, water, sports, squares and green land so as to preserve natural ecologic water as much as possible and create an environment with the harmony of nature and human beings. It will provide diverse items, multi-level recreational topics and all-round business system, and make economic profits. Finally it will develop into a scenic spot with the topic of multi-level and all-round automotive culture by integrating automotive comprehensive demonstration, commercial service, science-popularized education, cultural exchange, rest and recreation and industrial tour. I f you tour FAW now, you can visit modern automotive production line, including truck assembly line and car assembly line on which visitors can see the production flow of CA141 auto truck, transformative truck, and cars such as Hongqi, Jetta and Audi. Y ou can see a large number of precious automotive samples, such as the 1st Jiefang CA 10 in our country produced by FAW itself and the 1st and also the only Dongfeng car in our country; the 1st Jiefang military go-anywhere vehicle, the 1st Hongqi advanced car, memorial cars of important historical events, gift cars given by famous people and foreign antique cars and cultural relic cars. Chinese | Contact Us | Copyright  2004-2005 jingyue.gov.cn All rights Reserved Get FlashPlay 