 Member Benefits TechHelp Knowledge Base Forums Resources My iATN Marketplace Chat Pricing Join Now Member Login Member Login Email or Username Password Login Remember Me Join iATN / Forgot Login? Login with a 3rd party account. Or login by choosing one of the account types below.   Latest iATN News August 13, 2013 New Customers and the Internet: Knowing where your customers come from, and why they come to you, is important, and Nathan from Pennsylvania discusses this in iATNs Shop Management Forum. Read more here. More News Follow iATN Member Statistics 159 Countries 77,193 Members 1,855,222 Years Experience 3,711,047 KB Records Testimonials iATN sponsorship has enabled me to become a more proficient and productive technician by allowing me to share professional information with thousands of other professional technicians across this world of ours. This benefits my customers, too, since my accuracy rate on first time diagnosis is way up. Thank you iATN, and keep up the great work. Mervin Stratton Technician/Technical Information Specialist Akron, Ohio More Testimonials  play Watch a short video about iATN. iATN Member Benefits Since 1995, automotive professionals have enjoyed the benefits of iATN membership. The following overview will help to further illustrate what's inside iATN, for those that are qualified to join : automotive pros with at least four years of experience or ASE certification. TechHelp Technical Assistance for Auto Pros iATN TechHelp is the heart of our network. This is where thousands of automotive technicians from all over the world exchange information and ideas, 24 hours a day. The system provides a structured way to receive help for free, in exchange for offering your own help in return. read more... Knowledge Base Real-World Knowledge from Professional Technicians Searchable automotive repair knowledge: Our FIX Database of hundreds of thousands of real-world vehicle fixes, our Forum Archives , consisting of millions of iATN web forum discussions, our Waveform Library containing thousands of waveforms, scandata, component photos, documents, and more. read more... Forums Technical, Shop Management, and Auto Industry Discussion Here you will talk with other automotive professionals on a variety of specific automotive topics, including not only the technical side of repairing vehicles, but also industry issues, shop management, automotive education, and more. Over 20 different web forums available. read more... Resources Automotive OEM, Industry and Government Resources Members have access to a wide array of technical information published on iATN from many of the OEMs, government resources and industry heavy-weights. Information ranges from manufacturer-specific information, to government regulations and useful online tools. read more... My iATN Collect Your Favorite iATN Information Members use "My iATN" to instantly save, categorize, sort, locate, and share their favorite items on iATN. When performing research on iATN, they save the most pertinent results under a single label specific to their customer's vehicle or topic, and easily refer to it later to complete the job. read more... Marketplace Classifieds, Industry Events  Member Discounts Marketplace includes the Classifieds Forum, for job-offered or job-wanted ads, and non-commercial automotive items forsale; the Industry Events Forum, to announce or discuss training classes, seminars,conventions, and more; and iATN members-only discounts. read more... Chat Live Chat for Automotive Pros You will find live conferencing rooms on iATN 24 hours a day, so that you may easily chat with your fellow iATN members. Unlike most other anonymous chat rooms on the internet, ours is only available to the automotive professionals on iATN. read more... Pricing Membership Types and Costs iATN membership is available for FREE for those that are qualified to join .This basic membership provides all of the core features of iATN. To get the most out of iATN, we recommend one of the paid account options detailed in our comparison chart . read more... (Please visit our valued industry sponsors .)  Read More About TechHelp  Read More About Our Knowledge Base  Read More About Our Web Forums  Read More About Our Resources  Read More About "My iATN"  Read More About Our Marketplace  Read More About Chat  About Us Contact Us Sitemap Press Kit Careers Terms Privacy FAQ Copyright 1995-2013 iATN. All rights reserved. iATN is a registered trademark of the International Automotive Technicians Network. iATN International Automotive Technicians Network For Auto Repair Professionals For Vehicle Owners For Members Only Member Benefits About Us Join Industry Sponsors Video  