    Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home  Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Auto Basics Auto Parts  Systems Auto Racing Buying  Selling Car Models Driving  Safety Fuel Efficiency Motorcycles Trucks Under the Hood Home / Auto / Car Models / Classic  Collectible / Hot Rods More Stuff Like This Watch awe-inspiring shows on TestTube. Dangerous Hypermiling Techniques Auto Puzzles Little Deuce Coupe: Profile of a Hot Rod by the Auto Editors of Consumer Guide  hot rod pictures In 1961, Little Deuce Coupe graced the cover of Hot Rod magazine. See more hot rod pictures . In 1955, 15-year-old Clarence Chili Catallo paid $75 for a 1932 Ford coupe that became the Little Deuce Coupe -- his 足ticket to the hot rodding scene he so loved. Scraping together pennies by working in his parents' market in Taylor, Michigan, Chili had Bill Wanderer build and install a 344-cid Olds V-8. Chili rounded out the driveline with Olds parts, including a Hydra-Matic transmission and a chromed 1955 rear end. Local customizers Mike and Larry Alexander did the bodywork. The A Brothers sectioned and channeled the body, added a quad-headlight fiberglass nose, made a special rolled rear pan, altered the frame, and covered the cobbled frame rails with polished-aluminum fins. Topped with a blue-lacquer paint job, Chili dubbed the hot rod Silver Sapphire. Chili drag raced the coupe, turning 12.9 seconds at 112 mph in the quarter-mile, then hauled it out west when he turned 18. He 足landed a job sweeping floors at George Barris' shop in Lynwood, California, and traded his labor to have the crew there tear down the hot rod, chop the top, and repaint it. By 1961, the car was an all-out show rod. It now featured a 6-71 blower , three Stromberg 97s carbs , chrome-reversed wheels, a padded and tufted Naugahyde roof insert, and scads of chrome plating. By campaigning the coupe on the West Coast show circuit, Chili caught the attention of Hot Rod magazine, and the car appeared on the July 1961 cover. Its greatest fame, however, came in 1963, when it appeared on the cover of The Beach Boys' album Little Deuce Coupe . Chili sold the hot rod, now known as the Little Deuce Coupe at the height of its popularity. It went through three owners by 1963 when Ray Woloszak bought it. Ray changed the car over the years, installing a Chrysler 440-cid engine, and took it on the auto-show circuit. The Beach Boys album that gave Chili's hot rod its famous name. When Chili's son, Curt, saw it at a Detroit custom show in 1997, he convinced Chili to buy it back. Now back in Michigan, Chili and Curt began restoring the coupe to the way it looked in the Hot Rod magazine shoot that was used for the Beach Boys album cover. Unfortunately, Chili passed away before the hot rod was ready to return to the limelight. Curt forged ahead, however, enlisting the help of many of the men who originally worked on the car, as well as General Motors. Recognizing the blown Olds engine as a significant part of the company's history, GM helped Curt with the engine and drive足train rebuild. The restored car appeared at the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance in 2001 and at the 50th Detroit Autorama in 2002. After many changes, the Little Deuce Coupe now looks like it did when The Beach Boys made it one of the most famous cars in the history of hot rodding. To learn more about custom cars and hot rods, see: History of Hot Rods Custom Car Profiles Hot Rod Profiles Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: the Auto Editors of Consumer Guide. "Little Deuce Coupe: Profile of a Hot Rod" 21 September 2007. HowStuffWorks.com. http://auto.howstuffworks.com/little-deuce-coupe-hot-rod.htm 27 August 2013. Cite Feedback  More To Explore  More Great Links Top 10 Green Driving Tips 5 Scariest Stunt Car Feats The Ultimate CarStuff Fan Quiz 5 Warning Signs You Need New Tires 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars Watch American Chopper videos >> You Might Also Like 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967 Pontiac Catalina 2+2 Chrome and tailfins were out, bucket seats, mag-style wheels, center consoles, and floor shifters were in -- and just about everybody had them. With the 1964-1967 Pontiac Catalina 2+2, Pontiac achieved a combination of power, road-holding, and fine styling superior to any other big Pontiac. Matranga Mercury: Profile of a Custom Car The Matranga Mercury was one of the first custom car masterpieces created by Barris Kustoms. Unfortunately, the original Matranga was demolished in a wreck during a race on a wet road. Learn about this influential 1940 Mercury custom car. Popular Articles 1968-1976 Mercedes-Benz 250/280C/CE 1940 Cadillac Custom Convertible 1963-1973 Rover 2000/2000TC  Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars How to Calculate Your Car's Fuel Consumption 5 Engine Oil Myths Quiz: Concept Cars That Made It Top 10 Car Summer Maintenance Tips  Most Watched Understanding Cars Auto Parts & Systems Deconstructed Wrecks to Riches: Rebuilding Classic Cars Car Accident Videos Bikes, Hacks, Trikes and Choppers  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS      STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home  Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit  Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US  1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc   