  ( skip this header )  Tuesday Aug 27, 2013 12:49 PM PT  ( change ) Today / /  5 Day Forecast Traffic (change your city) San Francisco Santa Rosa Napa Concord Oakland Livermore Hayward San Carlos Palo Alto San Jose Fairfield Mountain View Monterey  sfgate.com Web Search by YAHOO! Businesses  Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Living Travel Columns Shopping Index  Cars Jobs Real Estate Close [X] Quick links to other pages on this site | Still can't find it? see Site Index Don't Miss: Shakespeare Santa Cruz closing down Zen farming at Green Gulch Why the Mission Is Sunny Divisadero Corridor as art gallery Adopt a rabbit? Bay Area & State Nation World Politics Crime Tech Obituaries Opinion Green Science Health Education Weird 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sharks Quakes NFL MLB NBA NHL College Preps Golf Outdoors Other On TV Tickets Shop Video Technology Markets Real Estate Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Press Releases Sponsored Content Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV & Radio Horoscope Comics Games Things To Do Restaurants Recipes Wine Top 100 Restaurants Top 100 Wines Bargain Bites Reservations Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Home Gourmet Home & Garden Style Outdoors @Parties Beauty Weekend Warrior Snow Green LGBT Houzz Dating Moms Pets Sponsored Content Weekend Getaways SF Guide Neighborhoods Wine Country Napa Monterey-Carmel Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Coastal California Classifieds Daily Deals Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Car Galleries Sell Your Car Career Advice Be Your Own Boss Job Events Monster Match Advertise Salary Wizard New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Land Place an ad Home Guides Homesales Foreclosures  Back to Article  Comics draw fine line between humor, issues Kenneth Baker  Published 4:00am, Saturday, August 3, 2002   View: Larger | Hide Hypno-Sexism by Carol Lay from Raw, Boiled and Cooked (HANDOUT PHOTO)Photo: HANDOUT Hypno-Sexism by Carol Lay from Raw, Boiled and Cooked (HANDOUT PHOTO) 'El Living,' installation by Leandro Erlich (HANDOUT PHOTO)Photo: HANDOUT 'El Living,' installation by Leandro Erlich (HANDOUT PHOTO)   Tweet 0 Comments ( 0 ) Larger | Smaller Printable Version Email This RM 20174  Email This Georgia (default) Verdana Times New Roman Arial Font Page 1 of 1 What do early '70s conceptual art and '90s artists' comics have in common? Both demand great stretches of reading time. The important differences are obvious in "Fantastic! The Art of Comics and Illusion " at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts. Comics can be funny, topical, raunchy and pop with a graphic flair almost never seen in conceptual art. (A related show, "Zap, Crash and Burn: Underground Comics and the Bay Area," appears a block east at the Cartoon Art Museum ; a single ticket buys admission to both venues.) "Fantastic!" is divided into three sections, subtitled "Raw, Boiled and Cooked," "Widescreen" and "Bay Area Blast," but visitors may not even notice the partitions. For comics offer -- indeed, often require -- an absorption on the viewer's part that people miss in most other contemporary art. Absorption promises relief from the burdensome sense of self -- as powerlessness, isolation and futility -- that the speed and complexity of contemporary life impose. In fact, many of the comics artists showing at Yerba Buena confront dilemmas of conscience and emotion that make being human seem like a chore. Kaz's four-frame strip "Underworld No. 241" (1997), for example, shows a mendicant on crutches who laments, "It's getting harder and harder for a one- legged man to panhandle these days." Legless in the second frame, he reflects, "Cutting off the other one didn't help much either." "I thought for sure this would do," his severed head says in the next frame. In the last, only an eyeball remains, saying, "Maybe if I cry." In no other medium could this absurd, gruesome comedy be played out with such economy, except perhaps in prose. For behind Kaz's topical satire of derelict logic and "compassion fatigue" may lurk a reference to Samuel Beckett 's trilogy of novels, whose protagonist devolves from hobbling wreck to paralytic to brain in a jar. When it comes to social issues, comics artists run on different time tracks from both editorial cartoonists and conceptualists. The California power swindle and the dot-com bust regain currency when Bay Area comics artist Lloyd Dangle takes them on. Whatever may have become of feminism, it appears ripe for rethinking in Carol Lay 's loopy riff on paranoia and guilt, "Hypno-sexism." And no one who reads Keith Knight 's ingenious comics can think of racism as a dead issue. People unacquainted with contemporary comics may be shocked to see how often violence and vengeful or sadistic fantasy find expression in them. Sometimes graphic brilliance nearly offsets a puerility and primitivism that is hard to take, as in the "Widescreen" section of the show. But only in rare cases, such as David Mazzucchelli 's "Stop the Hair Nude" (1995), do arresting design and drawing meet truly unsettling narrative. Comics artists enjoy a freedom of invention denied to those working in "fine arts" media such as painting and sculpture. They can move narrative through words, images or both, invent characters and voices, fine-tune their works' quotients of fantasy and social reference. Yet the visitor who looks at everything in "Fantastic!" will also come away with a new awareness of the conventions that bind cartoon artists. Only a few people here, such as the San Franciscan known as Mats!?, with his playable life-size board game "Skid-A-Go-Go" (2002), really burst those limits. 'FASTER THAN THE EYE' A related show called "Faster Than the Eye" fills Yerba Buena's huge central gallery. Absorption may be the deep link between "Faster" and the comics shows, for the four artists here contrive spectacles of intense illusionism. Visitors who enter Leandro Ehrlich 's "El Living" (2002) completely will feel themselves absorbed into it. A tidy but tacky furnished living room, hung with framed art posters and an electric clock, it appears to have two mirrors built into one wall, each reflecting the knickknacks on its sill. But the far mirror is missing something: the viewer's reflection. In fact it is an opening onto an identical room beyond the wall. Ehrlich's piece is unforgettable and might be seen as a joke about overidentification with home or possessions. But like the other works in "Faster" it invests enormous labor in one payoff moment. MUSEUM SHOWS FANTASTIC! THE ART OF COMICS AND ILLUSION: Comics, animation and related works by contemporary artists. FASTER THAN THE EYE: Illusionary installation works by four contemporary artists. Through Oct. 13. Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, 701 Mission St., San Francisco. (415) 978-2700, www.yerbabuenaarts.org . Printable Version Email This RM 20174  Email This  need to remove yahoo badge  /entertainment/article/Comics-draw-fine-line-between-humor-issues-2815975.php  0 Tweet  Comics draw fine line between humor, issues Underground Comics and the Bay Area, appears a block east at the Cartoon Art Museum; a single ticket buys admission to both venues."Fantastic!" is divided into three sections, subtitled "Raw, Boiled and Cooked," "Widescreen" and "Bay Area Blast," but visitors may not even notice the...  Inside SFGate  Memories of King's 'I Have a Dream' speech Saunders: War on weed misguided Humboldt County taps into craft beers Bay Area man gets Medal of Honor for heroics Old money welcomes new (tech) blood to the arts Even Odds: '100 Black Men' charter school @Parties: Spinsters of S.F. New Member Tea Kia Rio SX — a rental by any other name Berkeley capoeira group to bike to Brazil Over the top wedding at Burning Man Toll rises in Mexico migrant train crash 'Priscilla: The Musical' is colorful, chaotic EFF founder Kapor melds business, social good Ads by Yahoo!  Entertainment Photos  Comedy Central Roast of James Franco MTV Video Music Awards 2013: Red carpet Memorable couples of the MTV VMAs Television Paychecks: How much do your favorite stars earn? Robert Plant is now an old age pensioner Forbes' highest-paid models of 2013 The 16 most famous kids in college this semester Strange TV show-related products Hollywood on two wheels Forbes' highest-paid DJs 2013 Outside Lands 2013 Outside Lands 2013: What to expect Worst* classic t.v. crime fighters A tribute to the art of butter sculpture 2013 Young Hollywood Awards Do Something Awards 2013 Cinema Society screening of 'Lovelace' Jay Z and Justin Timberlake at Candlestick Forbes: Hollywood's Highest-Paid Actresses in 2013 Forbes: Hollywood's Highest-Paid Actresses in 2013 Models and musicians 'Smurfs 2' premiere 'Orange is the New Black' stars: Recognize them? 10 things you didn't know about Pearl Jam Sir Mick Jagger turns 70 Most Overrated (According to Readers) Our 25 favorite Hollywood cowboys 'Blue Jasmine' New York premiere Forbes' top-earning celebs under 30 Double take? Celebrity impersonators Entertainment Weekly's Comic Con Celebration arrivals Full House cast: Where are they now? Full House cast: Where are they now? Comic Con San Diego 2013 2013 Emmy nominations World bodypainting festival Peter Stackpole's Bay Bridge photos Celebrity and Legends Softball Game George Clooney's exes Celebs at Paris Fashion Week Haute-Couture F/W 2013  Most Read | Most Commented In Defense of Miley Cyrus Yosemite fire threatens towns, S.F.'s reservoir Apple Store's new design preserves fountain 49ers trade Haralson to Saints Fire crews rush to protect Yosemite's iconic trees 2 die Monday in I-280 car crash near Burlingame Incredible festivals from around the world In Defense of Miley Cyrus Kerry to make statement on Syria Nephew up for SFO job despite disciplinary actions MTV VMAs 2013: The show (and yes, 'NSYNC reunited!) Farewell to Frisco, say hello to San Fran Investigators: Shooter played violent video game Bay Bridge fasteners withstand tests, Caltrans says loading...  From our homepage Jae C. Hong, Associated Press Winds fuel Yosemite fire Fierce gusts push destructive Rim Fire toward towns, Hetch Hetchy.    Amazing aerial video of the fire  Ed Zurga, Associated Press Ranking the NFL uniforms See how the 49ers and Raiders fare in the all-important category of looking good. Do you agree? Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Plus, you can bank there Umpqua's slick new SF branch offers free samples, free coffee, free iPad use, meeting space.  Home News Sports Business Entertainment Food Living Travel Shopping Find Bay Area Jobs Real Estate Cars Site Index Company Info: Contact Us Hearst Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms & Conditions Work for Us Chron in Education Events  Promotions Submissions Advertising Services: Advertise with us Place a Classified About Our Ads Public Notices Local Businesses: Business Directory Reader Services: Home Delivery Subscribers iPad E-Edition Mobile RSS Feeds Newsletters Feedback FAQ Corrections Get Us Local Services: Air Conditioning Contractors Car Dealerships Cleaning Services Family Doctors Furniture Stores Injury Attorneys Local Restaurants New Car Dealers Real Estate Agents Real Estate Attorneys  2013 Hearst Communications Inc. 