  Symphony Saturdays Sunday in the Park Concerts Will's Creek Survey "The Dixie Swim Club" Grant Opportunities Community Partners Membership Card Benefits Weekly "Arts Flash" General Info Membership Arts Districts Events Calendar Saville Gallery Artist Registry Opportunities Classes Artist Relocation Photo Album Artful Homes Directions County Tourism Contact Us Links Find us on Facebook YouTube Channel Visit us on Pinterest Cumberland Arts  Entertainment District Welcome! Located along the banks of the Potomac River, nestled among the mountains of Western Maryland, the City of Cumberland is a wonderful place to call homeespecially if youre an artist. With its beautiful surroundings, low cost of living, close proximity to major metropolitan markets, and high quality of life, Allegany County has long been a home for talented artists of all types. But in 2001, the City of Cumberland and the Allegany Arts Council formally joined forces to develop a plan for community revitalization that specifically involved the arts as a catalyst for economic development. In 2002, Downtown Cumberland applied for, and received, an official designation as a State-recognized Arts  Entertainment District . Through a combination of creative marketing strategies, innovative tax credits and generous redevelopment grants, (not to mention great word of mouth and lots of regional press!) dozens of artists and their businesses have already relocated to our growing arts community. Many of these artists have purchased and renovated historic buildings, and have established residences, working studios and/or retail venues in Downtown Cumberland and the surrounding districts. Coupled with the supportive artistic environment that has been created under the energetic leadership of the Allegany Arts Council, its no wonder that so many artists--of all types--have chosen to make their home in Cumberland and Allegany County. You can learn more about some of the many artists and art lovers in our community by following the Artful Homes and Artist Registry links on this web site. The City of Cumberland has a rich history that dates back to its origins as a military outpost in the years prior to the Revolutionary War. In the 19th and early 20th centuries, the City of Cumberland evolved into a major transportation and commercial center as the western terminus of CO Canal , a vital link in the nations emerging railroad system, and a prominent stop on the countrys first National Road . By the middle of the 20th century, the area was home to a wide variety of major manufacturing industries and the City of Cumberland could boast of a thriving economy, a vibrant cultural climate and an architecturally stunning downtown. By the late 1960s and early 1970s, however, changing economic circumstances resulted in the loss of area industry, and the fortunes of the local community began to change. Fortunately, within the last 8-10 years, the City of Cumberland has begun a wonderful renaissance, fueled in part by a growing arts and cultural scene, a new emphasis on tourism , and a continued focus on economic development at the City, County and State levels. Today, in addition to a growing number of enterprising artists, Downtown Cumberlands Arts  Entertainment District is already home to the Allegany Arts Council and its Saville Gallery , the Allegany Museum, the Cumberland Theatre, the Western Maryland Music Center, the New Embassy Theatre, the Tri-State Community School for the Arts, Windsor Hall (a multi-purpose performance venue), the Gilchrist Gallery of the Arts, the Gordon-Roberts House, the Graphicus Atelier print-making studio, a variety of retail and specialty stores, as well as the Canal Place Heritage Area , and the Western Maryland Scenic Railroad . In addition, the Great Allegheny Passage and the CO Canal Towpath connect right in the middle of the Cumberland Arts  Entertainment District, resulting in continuous trail for bikers and hikers of almost 320 miles from Washington, D.C. to Pittsburgh. In addition to these cultural assets, and the many talented visual artists, musicians, performers and writers who make Allegany County their home, Downtown Cumberlands Arts  Entertainment District can also boast of a variety of restaurants and bars that feature live music and outdoor dining, a coffee shop, a creamery, a charming Farmers Market every Thursday and Saturday during the summer and fall months, and a full schedule of seasonal events that include the Friday After Five music series, Saturday music at Canal Place, the annual Mountain Maryland Plein Air event, and the annual Mountain Maryland Art Sale and Tour. You can also follow this link to our on-line Photo Album for pictures from some of the many art events and activities that have taken place in and around our Arts  Entertainment District. While it will always be a work in progress, the effort to develop our community into a regional arts destination has been a great success. For seven of the last nine years, American Style magazine has recognized the City of Cumberland as one of the Top 25 small-size art cities in the country! Our Arts  Entertainment District program is frequently cited as a model for rural communities, and our executive director is a regular speaker and consultant on the topic of using the arts as a tool for community revitalization and economic development. In October of 2007, the Cumberland AE District was formally approved for expansion to almost twice its original size. In March 2009, the City of Cumberland was recognized with State of Marylands inaugural Outstanding Achievement Award for Arts  Entertainment Districts. In June of 2012, the Cumberland AE District was officially re-designated for another 10-year period by the State of Maryland. Today, despite a weak national economy, the City of Cumberland is holding its own. The cultural vitality in and around Downtown Cumberland is helping to keep our community moving forward, and is putting Allegany County on the map as an exciting place to live, work and create if youre an artist or an art-lover of any kind. Combined with the energetic leadership of the Allegany Arts Council, the opportunities for new artists to join our Mountain Maryland community are endless! Please follow these links for Relocation Incentives and Helpful Contacts , and give us a call or email if youd like to learn more.... Cumberland Links  Artist Relocation Welcome  AE District Attractions  AE District Events  AE District Boundaries  Map of Cumberland  City of Cumberland Web Site  Cumberland Wikipedia  Unique Real Estate  Questions?  AE Districts Homepage  Back to Top Privacy Policy 2013 Allegany Arts Council 9 N. Centre Street, Cumberland, MD 21502  (301) 777-ARTS (2787)  