 skip entire header and global navigation Savannah River Area" alt="BBB - Start With Trust - In Central Georgia & the Central Savannah River Area"/> Better Business Bureau  In Central Georgia & the Central Savannah River Area Change BBB Location Search For: Business Name, Type [e.g., "Plumbers"], URL, Phone In: (City and State or Postal Code) BBB Accredited  ">Central Georgia & the Central Savannah River Area BBB > Accredited Business Directory > Auto Dealers - Used Cars > Augusta, GA > Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned BBB Business Review What is a BBB Business Review? overview complaints directions  BBB Accredited Business since 12/28/2007 Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned Find a Location Phone: (706) 210-6310 Fax: (706) 868-2125 3212 Washington Rd, Augusta , GA 30907-3815 Send email to Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned View Additional Web Addresses A On a scale of A+ to F Reason for Rating BBB Ratings System Overview Share Print X Print Options Print this page Print all review pages BBB Business Reviews may not be reproduced for sales or promotional purposes. Request a Quote Request a quote from Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned . BBB Accreditation A BBB Accredited Business since 12/28/2007 BBB has determined that Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned meets BBB accreditation standards , which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public. BBB accreditation does not mean that the business' products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business' product quality or competency in performing services. Reason for Rating BBB rating is based on 16 factors. Get the details about the factors considered . Factors that lowered Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned's rating include: Length of time business has been operating. Factors that raised Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned's rating include: Complaint volume filed with BBB for business of this size. Response to 1 complaint(s) filed against business. Resolution of complaint(s) filed against business. BBB has sufficient background information on this business. Customer Complaints Summary 1 complaint closed with BBB in last 3 years  0 closed in last 12 months Complaint Type Total Closed Complaints Problems with Product / Service 1 Advertising / Sales Issues 0 Billing / Collection Issues 0 Delivery Issues 0 Guarantee / Warranty Issues 0 Total Closed Complaints 1 Complaint Details  Definitions  BBB Complaint Process  File a Complaint Government Actions BBB knows of no significant government actions involving Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned. What government actions does BBB report on? Advertising Review BBB has nothing to report concerning Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned's advertising at this time. What is BBB Advertising Review? Additional Information top BBB file opened: 12/18/2007 Business started: 11/01/2007 Licensing This company is in an industry that may require licensing, bonding or registration in order to lawfully do business. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met. These agencies may include: State Licensing - Used Motor Vehicles 237 Coliseum Dr Macon, GA31217 (478) 207-2440 Type of Entity Corporation Incorporated: October 2007, GA Contact Information Principal: Mr. Rick Taylor (Vice President) Customer Contact: Mr. Vance McCutcheon (General Sales Manager) Related Businesses Taylor Hyundai - 3233 Washington Rd, Augusta, GA Jaguar Landrover Augusta - 4180 Washington Rd, Augusta, GA Number of Employees 5 Business Category Auto Dealers - Used Cars Products  Services This company offers sale of pre-owned and certified pre-owned vehicles. Alternate Business Names Ann Taylor Certified Pre-Owned Car & Truck Sales, Taylor H Group, Inc. Industry Tips Buying a Used Car Dont Get Soaked Buying a Flood-damaged Vehicle Purchasing a Car Online Know the Facts About Used Car Fraud Before You Buy VIN Cloning Swindles Luxury Car Buyers Directions  Enlarge  Locations X 2 Locations 3212 Washington Rd Augusta, GA 30907-3815 (706) 210-6310 Directions 3233 Washington Rd Augusta, GA 30907-3814 Directions Industry Comparison Chart X The information in the table below represents an industry comparison of businesses which are of the same relative size. This is based on BBB's database of businesses located in Central Georgia & the Central Savannah River Area. Businesses may engage in more than one type of business. The percent of time the business engages in a type of business is not accounted for. There is no known industry standard for the number of complaints a business can expect. The volume of business and number of transactions may have a bearing on the number of complaints received by BBB. Auto Dealers - Used Cars * Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned is in this range. X Types of Complaints Handled by BBB BBB handles the following types of complaints between businesses and their customers so long as they are not, or have not been, litigated: Advertising or Sales Billing or Collection Problems with Products or Services Delivery Guarantee or Warranty We do not handle workplace disputes, discrimination claims or claims about the quality of health or legal services. X Additional Web Addresses www.mytaylorcar.com X BBB Complaint Process Your complaint will be forwarded to the company within two business days. The company will be asked to respond within 14 days, and if a response is not received, a second request will be made. You will be notified of the company's response when we receive it (or notified that we received no response). Complaints are usually closed within 30 business days. X X Industry Tips for Auto Dealers - Used Cars Buying a Used Car Dont Get Soaked Buying a Flood-damaged Vehicle Purchasing a Car Online Know the Facts About Used Car Fraud Before You Buy VIN Cloning Swindles Luxury Car Buyers X What is BBB Advertising Review? BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whoseclaims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising . These claims come to ourattention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints andcompetitor challenges. BBB asks advertisers to prove their claims, change adsto make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptivestatements. X What government actions does BBB report on? BBB reports on known significant government actions involving business' marketplace conduct. X About BBB Business Review Content and Services Some Better Business Bureaus offer additional content and services in BBB Business Reviews. The additional content and services are typically regional in nature or, in some cases, a new product or service that is being tested prior to a more general release. Not all enhanced content and services are available at all Better Business Bureaus. X Thank you for your feedback. Help us improve by taking our survey . X Text Size small medium large Quick Links File a complaint against Ann Taylor Certified Pre Owned Compliment this Business Accredited Business Directory Industry Tips About Enhanced Services Associated Searches Still searching? Find more businesses offering similar services. Feedback RECOMMEND Would you recommend this review to others? Please Select: Yes No Share with us To better assist you, please take our brief survey about the format / readability of this review so that we may continually improve your experience. Contact us Email us at info@centralgeorgia.bbb.org with your questions, suggestions, and concerns. For Consumers Check Out a Business Complaints Resource Library BBB Accredited Business Directory Programs and Services Find a BBB For Businesses Edit (Claim This Review) For Accredited Businesses Apply for Accreditation Check Out a Business Complaints Resource Library Programs and Services Find a BBB For Charities  Donors Check Out a Charity Charity Reports  Standards Charity Complaints and Reviews About BBB Wise Giving Alliance Charity Seal Program Resource Library About Us Mission Statement BBB Structure Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Find a BBB News Press Releases News Archive AnnouncementsMedia Contacts Contact Us Login  2013 Better Business Bureau  , Inc. | #18661 BBB Reporting Policy | Trademarks | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | BBB Directory In Central Georgia & the Central Savannah River Area X What is a BBB Business Review? We offer free reviews on businesses that include background, licensing, consumer experience and other information such as governmental actions that is known to BBB. These reviews are provided for businesses that are BBB accredited and also for businesses that are not BBB accredited. X BBB Reporting Policy As a matter of policy, BBB does not endorse any product, service or business. BBB Business Reviews are provided solely to assist you in exercising your own best judgment. Information in this BBB Business Review is believed reliable but not guaranteed as to accuracy. BBB Business Reviews generally cover a three-year reporting period. BBB Business Reviews are subject to change at any time. hurdman: bbb: feedback: tab: useragend: python-requests/1.2.3 CPython/2.7.3 Linux/3.5.0-37-generic 