  Hertz Car Care of Eugene 4675 West 11th Ave Eugene , OR 97402 Service : 541-359-3213  Search * Search  Home Vehicle Services Preventive Maintenance Oil Change Brake Repair Check Engine Light Major Engine Repair Radiator & Coolant System Repair Transmission Service & Repair Air Conditioning Service & Repair Electrical and Battery Service & Repair Steering and Suspension Service & Repair Tire Services Detailing Services Specials Schedule Service Financing EasyPay Financing Warranty Videos My Car Fleet Services Contact Us About Us Contact Directions & Hours Careers    Previous pause Next    At Hertz Car Care of Eugene, our team is a dedicated and skilled group of automotive repair professionals. Our ASE Certified Technicians understand the tough driving conditions of the Northwest and have the expertise to perform comprehensive automotive services, from preventive maintenance to major engine or transmission repair on most make and models of domestic and import cars, trucks and SUVs. We can provide automotive maintenance and repair on Chevrolet, Buick, Honda, Toyota, Ford, Nissan, Chrysler, Dodge, Audi, BMW, Mercedes Benz, Acura, Volkswagen, GMC, Scion, Kia, Hyundai, Cadillac, Jeep, Lincoln, Lexus, Mini, Mazda, Subaru, Mitsubishi, Suzuki and Volvo. We serve Central Oregon Willamette Valley, including Eugene, Springfield, Cottage Grove, Florence and Coos Bay. Our Technicians have the latest state of the art tools to focus on your vehicle's needs so we can efficiently and cost effectively diagnose and repair your car, truck or SUV. Our complete line of services include Preventive Maintenance such as oil changes, brake repair, check engine light diagnostics, radiator and cooling system service, air conditioning service, tire and wheel services and replacement, battery and electrical repair, and suspension and shock absorber replacement. We also provide major engine repair and transmission service and repair. Hertz Car Care of Eugene also offers the same complete automotive service to business. Our automotive fleet service can partner with your business to keep your fleet on the road in a cost effective manner. We also have state of the art detail facilities to bring your car, truck or SUV back to that new car feel. Our detail professionals are thoroughly trained with the latest materials to make your vehicle's exterior and interior look new again. Hertz Car Care of Eugene, part of Hertz NW, is a private, locally-owned business serving the Pacific Northwest for over 30 years. We are a Better Business Bureau Accredited Business with the highest A+ rating. We are also affiliated with NAPA AutoCare and hold the highest ASE distinction as an ASE Blue Seal of Excellence automotive repair facility. Hertz NW, Hertz Car Care NW and Hertz Car Sales NW, Atlast Capital LLC, is a Hertz System Licensee renting, selling and servicing vehicles in the Pacific Northwest since 1979.  Directions Contact About Privacy Sitemap  Website by Dealer.com    omniture implementation   [if IE]>