 Space Coast - Womens Books, Arts  Entertainment Club Home Members Photos Discussions Message Board Mailing List More Money Polls Files Sponsors Promote Join us! Hi, I have assumed the new organizer role. Thanks, Sharon, for stepping in after Jamie had to leave quite unexpectedly. I am new to this, so bear with me.... Hope to see everyone at the next meeting, even if you haven't read the book. We have some great discussions. Bring ideas for books, as well as other cultural events that might be interesting to attend. Let's have fun! Take care, Gia       Join us Who do I know here? Join us and be the first to know when new Meetups are scheduled Log in with Facebook to find out By creating a Meetup account, you agree to the Terms of Service  Welcome! Join and suggest a new Meetup Upcoming 1 Suggested 0 Past Calendar Meetup Discuss Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris Tue Aug 27 6:30 PM   RSVP  8 attending 5 comments Thai Thai Village Sushi 100 Harrison Street, Cocoa, FL( map )   Restaurant Phone [masked] Learn more Hosted by: Gia (Organizer) Recent Meetups July 30  6:30 PM Read House Rules by Jodi Picoult  7Cultured Women of Brevard| 5.00 1 We'll meet in Cocoa at Norman's Raw Bar. There is generally plenty of room and the menu is reasonable. See you then! May 28  6:00 PM Discuss Body Surfing by Anita Shreve. Oh, and eat, too!  5Cultured Women of Brevard Tuesday, May 28, 6 PM, Mimi's Cafe, the Avenues, Viera April 30  6:00 PM Barbara Kingsolvers Flight Behavior: A Novel   13Cultured Women of Brevard| 5.00 1 Meetup Message from: Sharon, Co-Organizer of Space Coast - Womens Books, Arts & Entertainment ClubBarbara KinsolverHey, this is from the book I just read; it may sound... Learn more March 26  6:00 PM Talk about The 5 Love Languages  6Cultured Women of Brevard We agreed to try to stick to a "Last Tuesday of the Month" schedule, and we picked a non-fiction book Gia recommended that seemed like it would generate good discussions... Learn more February 26  6:00 PM Lets nominate books to read, and vote for a new organizer?  4Cultured Women of Brevard| 5.00 1 I am so sorry! I just found my notes from the last meeting and discovered we had agreed to the 26th at Norman's. (This is maybe why I suggested we find a new organizer??... Learn more See all past Meetups What's new New RSVP Jórgia Oliveira RSVPed Yes for Discuss Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris Yesterday Aug 27 Discuss Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris Tuesday 6:30 PM at Thai Thai Village Sushi 8 attending New Member Jórgia Oliveira joined Yesterday Im from Brazil and live in the US since 2010. I graduated at law school and worked for the state attorney office in Brazil for a while. Ive always liked literature and have already participated in reading groups. New comment Gia commented on Discuss Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris Yesterday I cant make reservation s so we will all need to meet to get a table. If you cant make it on time, give me a call at [masked]. Read more New RSVP Annabella Towns RSVPed Yes for Discuss Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris August 18 Aug 27 Discuss Five Quarters of the Orange by Joanne Harris Tuesday 6:30 PM at Thai Thai Village Sushi 8 attending New comment Karen commented on Read House Rules by Jodi Picoult August 16 I really have RSVPing. I get so disappointe d. I have had a week from Hell. I had a gas stove installed. finally removed from my living room. The migrant couple finally came to pick up the electric stove I promised... . Read more New comment Karen commented on Read House Rules by Jodi Picoult August 16 my favorite author Read more Group Review Karen wrote a group review August 16 sorry to say I havent made it yet/ New RSVP Gia RSVPed Yes for Coffee...dr inks...lunc h and help feed a hungry mouth :) August 12 Aug 18 Coffee...dr inks...lunc h and help feed a hungry mouth :) Sunday 12:00 PM at Matt Cosbah  New RSVP Donna RSVPed Yes for Coffee...dr inks...lunc h and help feed a hungry mouth :) August 12 Aug 18 Coffee...dr inks...lunc h and help feed a hungry mouth :) Sunday 12:00 PM at Matt Cosbah  New RSVP Donna RSVPed Yes for Have coffee/drin k  help feed a hungry mouth :) August 12 Aug 18 Have coffee/drin k  help feed a hungry mouth :) Sunday 12:00 PM at Matts Casbah More activity Space Coast - Womens Books, Arts  Entertainment Club http://www.meetup.com/Space-Coast-Womens-Culture-Club/ Cape Canaveral , FL 32920 FoundedJan 31, 2012 20120131 Cultured Women of Brevard 83 Group reviews 6 Upcoming Meetups 1 Past Meetups 17 Our calendar We're about: Social  Friends  Fun Times  Meeting New People  Culture  Wine  Literature  Dining Out  Arts  Entertainment  Reading  Womens Social  Book Club Organizers: Gia , Elissa , Janice , Sharon B View The Leadership Team Contact People in this Meetup are also in:  Cocoa Beach Paddleboard Group 118 Cocoa Beach Paddleboarders Center for Spiritual Living Space Coast 48 Members Next Meetup: Wednesday, Aug 28 Brevard Book Club 407 Members Next Meetup: Wednesday, Aug 28 Pirate Parties  Other Mad Events 176 Mad Hatter Maniacs Next Meetup: Thursday, Aug 29 Divorce and Recovery 74 Members Next Meetup: Tuesday, Aug 27 Paddleboard Melbourne 180 Paddlers Next Meetup: Wednesday, Aug 28  114,435,958 RSVPs! hide What's new Log in Sign up Find a Meetup Group Start a Meetup Group  Show me the Meetups About Careers Help Blog Tech Blog API Made in NYC Meetup Everywhere Offer a Perk 2013 Meetup Privacy  Terms English Deutsch Espaol Franais Italiano Portugus Log in Not registered with us yet? Sign up Email address: Password: Forgot your password? Keep me signed in  or Log in using Facebook Sign up Meetup members, Log in Your name Your email Pick a password  or Sign up using Facebook By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service  Privacy Policy 