 Skip to main content    Resource Gateway  Services   Libraries  Education Library  Education Resources on the Internet  Literature and Language Arts Resources (Education Library) Education Library Home Class Reserves Service Request Forms Circulation and Access Policies Facility Policies Education Resources on the Internet  Higher Education  K-12  Literature and Language Arts  Math  Multicultural Resources  Science  Social Studies  Special Needs  Technology Education News Recent Additions Podcasts Contact Information Library Head: Gwen Pershing Location: Education 1160 201 North Rose Street Bloomington, Indiana 47405-1006 Email libeduc Email libeduc Phone: 812-856-8590 Fax: 812-856-8593 Staff: View Staff Hours: Fall | Spring Summer  View IUB Campus Map  Building Access Recommended Resources  IUCAT  Academic Search (EBSCO)  Childrens Literature Comprehensive Database (CLCD)  ProQuest Dissertations and Theses: AI  Education Full Text  ERIC (EBSCO)  PsycINFO  Web of Knowledge  WorldCat  Childrens Core Collection more... Useful Links  Education Library Map  Reference Resources  ERIC Tutorial  Teacher Certification Requirements--50 States  Teacher Certification Zone  Teacher Certification Map  Teaching Standards  IU School of Education  IU Fact Book 2010-11  IN Administrative Code: Title 511 Indiana State Board of Education more... last updated: 2/22/2012 Literature and Language Arts Resources (Education Library) Loading Use the search box to keyword search the sites listed below. Amazon.com is excluded. Biography in Context Short, informative and reliable biographical information on over 320,000 historically significant figures past and present. BookHive A reader's advisory service for children's books.May be used by children, parents and teachers for a variety of different tasks. Booklists from the National Education Association (NEA) Includes: Teacher's Top 100 Books for Children, Asian-American Booklist, Spanish/English Bilingual Booklist, African American Booklist, Native American Booklist, and more. Caldecott Medal Find some information and comprehensive lists of Caldecott Award (for excellence in chidren's book illustration) winners from the ALA. Carol Hurst's Children's Literature Site Links to reviews of children's books and also offers suggestions for lessons and other activities to use while studying certain books. Center for Children's Books Children's and Young Adult literature guides and other resources from the University of IL at Urbana-Champaign Children's Book Council A nonprofit organization emphasizing the importance of reading and reading good books for children's education. Contains information on specific books, but also addresses related teaching and political issues surrounding literacy and book availability for children. Children's Books from amazon.com (includes reviews) Search engine for identifying children's books Children's Books On-line: Rosetta Project Information about specific children's books organized into age appropriate categories. Children's Library from the Internet Archive Books for children from around the world. Children's Literature Association Promotes the Children's Literature as an important field of study for advanced research by providing networking, financial and other types of support to academics interested in the discipline. Children's Literature Comprehensive Database Reviews of thousands of children's and young adult books, videos and software, with full MARC catalog records. Children's Picture Book Database, Miami (Ohio) University Database index of over 5,000 picture books with abstracts, accessed through a search tool with over 900 subject keywords. Children's Reading Connection A collection of resources about children's authors, stories, and writing for kids. Children's Writing Resource Center A webpage designed to help author's through the process of writing, submitting and publishing children's books. Coretta Scott King Award From the ALA, information about the Coretta Scott King Award, given to an African-American author or illustrator for an exceptional contribution to children's education and children's literature. Database of Award-Winning Children's Literature Helps in creating reading lists for students and in researching children's literature in general. deGrummond Children's Literature Collection The official website for exploring the deGrummond Collection at the University of Southern Mississippi. Features materials (e.g. original manuscripts, original illustrations, etc.) used in the creation of children's books from over 1,200 authors and illustrators. Frequently Challenged Books The American Library Association's (ALA) page of resources related to banned and challenged books. Use the navigation on the left of their page to find challenged books by year, author, decade, and more. Great Global Reads for Kids This wiki offers booklists of great reads for students aged 12 to 16 + suggested by school librarians around the world. International Children's Digital Library A project managed by the University of Maryland, provides electronic access to scanned images of complete children's books from all over the world. A high percentage of these books are written and presented in languages other than English. Language Arts Lesson Plans , from the Smithsonian Literature for Children Collection A growing collection of digitized titles published, predominantly in the United States and Great Britain, from the 17th through the 20th centuries, from the State University Libraries of Florida. Meet Authors and Illustrators Lists authors and illustrators of children's books and links the user to more information about him/her. Multicultural Book Review Homepage Reviews books exclusively dealing with multicultural issues. Helps in creating reading lists on this topic for students. Native American Booklist "To mark the 13th anniversary of Native American Heritage Month (November), NEA has released a recommended reading list..." Newbery Medal From ALA, a page giving information about the Newbery Award, including a comprehensive list of all winners. last updated: 2/22/2012 close (x) Your email address: Subject: Message: Copyright  2010 The Trustees of Indiana University   Copyright Complaints   IUB   Libraries Privacy Policy   News  Events   Contact Us  About IUB Libraries   Outages and Downtime Intranet (Library Staff Only) 