 Local Washington, DC Search Washington, DC Neighborhoods Things to Do Photo Galleries Share Free Washington, DC Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Northern Virginia Fine Arts Festival 2013 By Rachel Cooper , About.com Guide See More About reston virginia dc spring events The Northern Virginia Fine Arts Festival brings artists and art lovers together on the streets of Reston Town Center to enjoy a wide range of art including hand crafted, one of a kind artwork, contemporary and original performances, artist demonstrations, acclaimed childrens activities, and live music. Over 200 master artisans in 16 different categories, including ceramics, digital and multi-media art, drawing, fiber/textiles, furniture, glass, jewelry, leather, metal, mixed media 2D, mixed media 3D, painting, photography, printmaking, sculpture, and wood. Dates: May 17-19, 2013 Admission to the Festival is free, however for a voluntary donation of $10 to Greater Reston Arts Center (GRACE) at the event's colorful ArtCarts, visitors will receive a $10 gift certificate to dine at participating Reston Town Center restaurants. Donation proceeds benefit year round educational and outreach programs produced by GRACE throughout the Northern Virginia area. GRACE will kick off the weekend festivities with an Opening Night Party on Friday, May 17 from 6 -9 p.m. Held in the heart of the Reston Town Center at the Town Center Pavilion, the party is an opportunity for art lovers, sponsors, media, donors, and for the public to meet artists. The party will be emceed by ABC 7 Good Morning Washington News Anchor, Scott Thuman and include live music by DCs Blues Americana Rock showman Ted Garber, performances by Arachne Aerial Arts & In-Flight Theater, silent auction, signature cocktails, and local prominent business leaders and elected officials. Tickets are required and are available for purchase online . Family Art Park  Art Around the World This year, the Reston Town Square Park will be transformed into a Family Art Park that will include the ever-popular Childrens Art Tent, a new Teen Art Tent, a Public Art project and a Chill-Out tent. Also new this year, face painting will be available during limited hours. Children of all ages will have fun creating art influenced by cultures from around the world. Location Reston Town Center 12001 Market Street Reston, VA Hours Friday, May 17, 5  8 p.m. Saturday May 18, 10 a.m.  6 p.m. Sunday, May 19, 10 a.m.  4 p.m. Website www.NorthernVirginiaFineArtsFestival.org About the Greater Reston Arts Center (GRACE) Greater Reston Arts Center (GRACE), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 1974, enriches community life by promoting involvement and excellence in the visual arts. In pursuit of this mission, GRACE provides a year-round program of visual art exhibitions, lectures, and educational events including Childrens Workshops, a Childrens Summer Art Program, GRACE Art (serving 45 schools and adult continuing education), as well as their signature event, the top-ten rated Northern Virginia Fine Arts Festival, showcasing the best fine art and fine craft in the country. For more information, visit www.restonarts.org . Suggested Reading Annual Craft Shows in the Washington DC Area Art Galleries and Museums in the DC Area Reston, Virginia Washington DC Event Calendars May Festivals and Events June Festivals and Events July Festivals and Events Related Articles Arts in the Square - Frisco Texas - DFW Festivals March 2012 - Frisco Arts ... Bayou City Art Festival Downtown - Guide to the Bayou City Art Festival Dow... Torpedo Factory Art Center in Old Town Alexandria, Virginia Corcoran College of Art and Design Admissions: SAT Scores, Financial Aid & ... 2012 Coconut Grove Arts Festival Rachel Cooper Washington, DC Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum Top Related Searches visual art exhibitions northern virginia fine arts northern virginia area northern virginia fine arts festival local business leaders Explore Washington, DC Must Reads Top 10 Things to Do in Washington DC 15 Best Places to Go with Kids 50th Anniversary - March on Washington Labor Day Weekend in DC August 2013 Festivals & Events Most Popular DC Celebrates the 50th Anniversary of the March... Top 10 Things to Do in the Washington, DC... August 2013 Festivals and Events in the... 15 Best Places to Go with Kids in the... Washington DC Restaurant Week 2013 By Category Attractions & Things to Do Arts & Entertainment Holidays & Seasonal Events Food, Beverage & Dining Photos Families & Lifestyles Sports & Recreation Health & Fitness Education Maps,Transport & Weather Hotels & Getaways Shopping & Services Real Estate & Neighborhoods Jobs & Careers Gov't, History & Facts Washington, DC About.com Local Washington, DC Arts & Entertainment Festivals & Special Events Northern Virginia Fine Arts Festival 2013 Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 