 Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Flickr More omg! Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Mobile  Yahoo! Finance  Search Finance Search Web  Sign In  Mail Go to Mail." data-nosubject="[No Subject]" data-timestamp='short'> Help  Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo! HOME INVESTING Market Overview Market Stats Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds Options Industries Currencies Education Commodities NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE Career & Education Insurance Lifestyle Loans Real Estate Retirement Saving & Spending Taxes Glossary Your Money 101 MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios Free trial of Real-Time Quotes. EXCLUSIVES Breakout The Daily Ticker Unexpected Returns Financially Fit Just Explain It Hot Stock Minute Destination Home Cost of Living CNBC Big Data Download Off the Cuff Power Pitch Talking Numbers Latest Headlines Markets Investing Ideas Special Editions Company Finances RSS Feeds Video Photos & Interactives  Search for share prices  Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Tue, Aug 27, 2013, 4:45 PM EDT - U.S. Markets closed Seven Arts Entertainment Announces Move Into Television Series Production And Distribution Press Release : Seven Arts Entertainment Inc.  Tue, Apr 23, 2013 9:30 AM EDT Email 0 Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Print RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change SAPX 0.0025 0.0000  LOS ANGELES, April 23, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. ( SAPX ) announced today a joint venture with Prodigy Pictures for the production and distribution of series and mini-series made for initial television exhibition. Prodigy Pictures is controlled by Jay Firestone, an internationally well-known executive in the film and television industries. Prodigy Pictures produces and distributes the worldwide phenom "Lost Girl," a successful series on SyFy, and has produced and distributed "XIII", a co-production with Luc Besson's EuropaCorp, for NBC and Reelz Channel.  The initial series to be produced will be: Johnny Mnemonic , a futuristic television series based on the cult classic movie starring Keanu Reeves, adapted from a short story by celebrated science-fiction author William Gibson. Romeo Spy , an event mini series based on the true story of John Symonds, a British police officer who was recruited by the KGB as part of its Romeo Spy program after been wrongfully convicted of fraud charges. Storyville , a period television series conceived by Sherri Strain and based on the real events surrounding the first legalized prostitution in the United States in New Orleans between 1887 and 1917, a period which saw the birth of modern jazz. Seven Arts' CEO Peter Hoffman stated:  "We are delighted to expand our relationship with Prodigy Pictures, which has had stellar successes in television and mini-series production.  Jay's been prominent in the area of international television production for over 20 years with a wide array of important relationships. Jay shares our enthusiasm for all three projects. He has already attached well-known television writers who were part of the successful 'Stargate' series to Johnny Mnemonic." About Seven Arts Entertainment Inc.: Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. is the successor to Seven Arts Pictures Plc, which was founded in 2002 as an independent motion picture production and distribution company engaged in the development, acquisition, financing, production and licensing of theatrical motion pictures for exhibition in domestic (i.e., the United States and Canada) and foreign theatrical markets, and for subsequent worldwide release in other forms of media, including home video and pay and free television. About Prodigy and Jay Firestone: Founded in 2006 by Jay Firestone, Prodigy Pictures leads the way in the production of quality film, television, and cross-platform media. Prodigy is responsible for the critically-acclaimed television series Lost Girl for Syfy, which has electrified viewers worldwide and is currently in production of its fourth season. Also airing is international hit XIII: The Series , a co-production with Luc Besson's EuropaCorp on Reelz Channel. Prodigy has previously produced "XIII: The Conspiracy" for NBC. Prodigy has several projects in development, such as the horror-fantasy series Bedtime Stories and the feature adaptation of Neuromancer , based on William Gibson's seminal cyberpunk novel. Also in development are the high-concept science-fiction series Dark Matter based on the titular Dark Horse comic book and the miniseries Is Paris Burning? , a historical epic penned by Emmy Award-winning writer Ron Hutchinson. Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made under the Safe Harbor Provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated.  The information contained in this release is as of 23 April 2013.  Seven Arts assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments. Contact: Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. Peter Hoffman 323-372-3080 phoffman@7artspictures.com         @yahoofinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook  Related Content CBS orders 'Dome'-like series for next summer CBS Bets Content Is King With Steven Spielberg’s “Extant” Recent Quotes Portfolios Recent Quotes Symbol Price Change % Chg Chart Your most recently viewed tickers will automatically show up here if you type a ticker in the "Enter symbol/company" at the bottom of this module. You need to enable your browser cookies to view your most recent quotes. Search for share prices  Save List to Portfolio » Recent Quotes News Sign-in to view quotes in your portfolios.  xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Top Stories » Stocks End Near Lows as Nasdaq Falls 2%; Dow Off 170 Reuters U.S. stocks suffered their worst day since June on Tuesday, slumping in a broad decline as geopolitical uncertainty As Home Price Gains Slow, Embrace the Remodeling Boom: PIMCO’s Kiesel Daily Ticker U.S. Seeking $6B From JPMorgan to Settle Mortgage Claims Reuters Bond Traders Smell Blood, and It Could Be Their Own The Exchange N.Y. Appeals Court Revives Claims Against Charles Schwab Reuters Trading Center Compare Brokers » Today on Yahoo! 1 - 6 of 48 prev next Who is her famous father? Photo of wife carrying Marine warms hearts Gomez mocks Cyrus in red carpet photo Hagel: U.S. ready to go if attack order comes Vin Diesel steps out with his rarely seen family Brave woman turns tables on bike thief Yahoo! Finance on Facebook @YahooFinance on Twitter POLL Facebooks market valuation has hit $100 billion. Are you a fan of its stock? Loading... Poll Choice Options Yes, Ive always been a fan Its looking attractive now No, its too volatile Ill never like the stock  Vote  See results 23 hours remaining xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%'  On This Site HOME INVESTING NEWS PERSONAL FINANCE MY PORTFOLIOS EXCLUSIVES CNBC Also On Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Maps Movies Music omg! Shine Shopping Sports Travel TV Y! News RSS Y! News Alert All Yahoo! » Trending Now Paula Patton Paula Deen McDonald's wings Destroyers Syria African serval cat Phoenix haboob Tesla outsells Porsche ConAgra recall Sonia Gandhi Fort Hood sentencing Yahoo! Finance Worldwide Argentina Australia Brazil Canada China France French Canada Germany Hong Kong India Italy Japan Korea Mexico New Zealand Singapore Spain Spanish Taiwan UK & Ireland USA Copyright © 2013 PR Newswire . All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PRNewswire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PRNewswire. PRNewswire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.  Copyright © 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.  Help / Suggestions Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy  Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc . Yahoo! - ABC News Network  