 Home Automotive Services Repair Articles Brake Repair FREE Auto Repair Quotes Automotive Repair Shop East Mesa, Arizona Our Shop Will Beat the Price On Any Written Auto Repair Quote (480) 833-7773 Auto Repair Shop in Mesa, Arizona Welcome to the best quality, Mesa Auto Repair Shop. Our east valley automotive work shop has been providing excellent vehicle improvement in the Mesa East valley since 1987. We are A+ Better Business Bureau accredited, ASE certified car remedy  troubleshooting specialists, correcting  reviving all makes and models of import  domestic vehicles. ASE Certified Mechanics Dealership Quality Auto Repairs Our automobile repair location offers guaranteed, dealership quality car amp; truck services at an affordable price. Visit our place with complete confidence, that your vehicle will be serviced or fixed correctly in a timely fashion, and professional way. We are an independently owned, family operated mechanics using advanced car care repairing. Local Business Reviews Mike C. Reviews Automotive Engineering These guys are A-1 fantastic. They're helpful, honest, explain what's wrong and how they fixed it, and they are fast to boot. I've used them a couple of times now, and they've been great. There are shops closer to where I live, but I'm happy to drive a little further to get quality service, and these guys are it. More Business Reviews Davis M. Reviews his Auto Repair Shop No one ever likes taking their car to the mechanic, but Mike has always made me feel like what he is telling me is the truth and that he isn't trying to over charge me for things my car doesn't need to have done. He always does a great job of getting my car in and out in the same day which is a huge plus.  Our Mesa Auto mechanics use the latest full computer diagnostic equipment, proper tools, training and knowledge to guarantee the customers vehicle is properly fixed, and serviced on their first visit. Recommended Vehicle Preventative Maintenance Procedures Oil change , conventional oil, replace every 3k miles, synthetic blend at 5k and full-synthetic around 10K miles. A good full synthetic oil is beneficial to automobile motors. Change a vehicles oil at the recommended mileage, this will prevent engine sludge and oil seal problems. Oil sludge causes motor damage and oil leaks. Many of the cars diagnosed for oil leaks reveal the leak is due to not changing the oil on time. Regardless of oil change habits, vehicles may need more adjustment. Fuel system service , advanced engineering is making the in-line fuel filter obsolete. In the instance a car has an in-line fuel filter, it should be replace roughly between 19 to 29K miles. Replacing it at the mentioned interval, will add life to the fuel pump. The filter in the tank (Not serviceable), just use some good fuel injector cleaner, this should clean the in-tank fuel filter and injectors, "two for one". Fuel injector cleaner, does well on vehicles with an in-line filter, just make sure to replace the filter, before using the cleaner. Cooling system service , this service is due in conjunction with the type of antifreeze the vehicle requires. Reference the vehicle owners manual for the type recommended. De x-Cool is a common type, it is rated to last up to 5 years. Again review the manuals recommended interval, for replacement. Belts and hoses , these items, replace when needed, unless instructed otherwise, by a car analyst or vehicle diagnostic inspector. The recommended replacement by most belts & hoses manufacturers is 2 years. A quick inspection and analysis of these parts, will prove beneficial. The Auto Repair Industry - Regular Vehicle Check Ups The Auto repair industry in Mesa, Arizona. It should involve regular check ups and repair of vehicles to keep the vehicles engine running smooth , motorists should take their vehicles for regular service, after reaching a certain mileage. This ensures that their automobiles remain in perfect working condition. Engine Systems, OBD Scanner  Diagnostic Auto Codes The engine systems are quite complicated and one cannot repair it unless they are experts in this field. To begin with, an OBD scanner should be plugged into the automobile’s port to check whether engine light has been set on. All new vehicles use either OBD II systems and customized on-board diagnostic systems. These programs assists in troubleshooting certain fault codes, plus they can report malfunctions, which have been identified by the ECU or computer. The connection port is usually found around driver’s compartment, it could be under the main dashboard. Check Fault Codes  Sensors, Possible Defective Wiring Proceed to turn up the device and then check for any fault codes that may be present, its good toremember that codes which are linked with sensors or external wiring wont necessarily show faultysensors. This may often cause defective wiring portfolio on the sensors, always ensure your systems are updated such that the vehicles firing potential is evenly matched. Check Main Drive Belts - Regularly Replaced Components Check and replace your main drive belts, these components must be replaced regularly, check for signs indicative of cracking, uneven wear or tearing. Belts may then be replaced through loosening the tension adjustment unit with a socket wrench. Oil  Fluid Leaks Should be Regular Checks Also look for subsidiary gaskets which may be leaking fluid, this could be indicated by drops forming underneath the engine, transmission, or carbon developing around specific oil leaks. When your automobile is leaking, whether its coolant, transmission fluid or motor oil, you could risk engine breakdown. More so when the fluid dwindles to an extent that major functions are hampered. Some gaskets which could effortlessly be changed are the oil pan, valve cover as well as transmission pan. Follow regular maintenance procedures and your car should provide many miles of trouble free service.  Automotive Engineering 1750 N. Rosemont Mesa , AZ 85205 Call US Today: (480) 833-7773 Get Help from Auto Mechanics Now! Click Here for Free 200 Point Auto Safety Inspection Hours: Mon-Fri 8am - 6pm Saturday 8am - 12 Sunday Closed Price Range: Competitive Takes Appointments: Yes - Sat Only Read Customer Reviews Happy Customers by Logan , June 2012 5 stars out of 5 Awesome experience, very friendly. Took my Suzuki Sidekick in late in the day on Wednesday for an electrical problem and it was fixed by 8:30 Thursday morning. I highly recommend taking your vehicle here for any problem you might have. I will be returning anytime I have car trouble, already planning to bring in my other truck. Thank you Mike. RSS - Click for Auto Repair News Contact Us About Us Air Conditioning Engine Repair Arizona Emissions  Automotive Engineering - Mesa, Arizona Phone: (480) 833-7773 