 210-525-0029 Home What We Do About Us Financing Service Packages FAQ's Contact Us  Want FREE auto repairs? Want VIP Service? Discounted Oil Changes? Check out our Tune Up and Discount Packages! Having trouble paying for car repairs? We understand that auto repair can be unexpected. We make it easy, We Finance! Auto repairs with state of the art equipment, and the expertise of Certified Auto Repair Mechanics at your service to perform your car repair. Auto Service Experts of San Antonio has the best prices and friendliest service of any auto repair shop in San Antonio! We have the price you want and the service you expect. When your auto requires any type of automotive repair, we've got the equipment and experience to perform all types of automotive repairs. If your vehicle needs a tune up, or if you are not sure what's wrong with your car, we will be happy to perform a diagnostic performance inspection for you. We are the auto repair industry leaders and perform all scheduled maintenance and factory service to fix your car. As San Antonio's leading auto repair shop, for all your auto repair and car maintenance needs, we do our best to listen to your concerns to help us get your car the correct fix. If you are looking for certified auto mechanics at a car repair shop that will treat you right, you've come to the right place! We specialize in repair and tune up of all makes and model cars and trucks, both foreign and domestic. Don't forget, we are the home of the Free A/C check in San Antonio, so please feel free to stop by if your car's air conditioning system is not cooling properly. We will give it a complete check up and can add freon if necessary. We know that there are many auto repair shops in San Antonio for you to choose from, so our Auto Service Experts' auto mechanics pride themselves on giving your the quality and service you deserve. If your check engine light is on, feel free to stop by for a Free Check Engine Light Scan. It usually only takes a few minutes to plug our scanners in to your car's computer to find out which system on your car is reporting an problem. Not only will we save you money, we will also save time. Auto Service Experts of San Antonio offers quality auto repairs and tune ups at the best prices and warranty in San Antonio TX. Our auto mechanics can fix, rebuild, tune up, or perform scheduled maintenance any engine at the best price, and our diesel repair expertise is unmatched in San Antonio. Come by and see Jay or Greg and you will get the first class service and the best price from ASE certified mechanics! We do Wheel Alignments for $59.99 on most Car's and Trucks! Give us a call today at 210-525-0029 for a free estimate. Shop Auto Service Experts Car Repair Replacement Parts Car Engine Parts Car Brakes Car Batteries Car Performance Car Accessories Car Tools and Garage Customer Care Contact Us Store Locator In-Store Pickup In-Store Services Shipping Information Track Your Order Forgot Your Password Corporate Information About Us Press Investor Relations Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Career Opportunities Contact Info Auto Service Experts 6987 San Pedro Avenue San Antonio, TX 78216 210-525-0029 aseofsa@gmail.com 2011 Auto Service Experts 