 INssan automotive Open Monday - Friday: 7:30am - 5:30pm Phone: 615-791-0900 Map / Directions Williamson Square, Suite 380 1113 Murfreesboro Road Franklin, TN 37064 Phone: 615-791-0900 Header Navigation Services About Us Resources News Contact Us Welcome to..  The Professional Service Alternative Independent INFINITI Service | Independent Nissan Service New to INssan automotive? Start Here! Welcome to INssan Automotive. We are an independent service provider for all types of Asian import vehicles in Franklin , Nashville , and the surrounding areas. We specialize in auto repair and maintenance of Infiniti, Nissan, Toyota, Lexus, Honda, Acura, Mazda, Mitsubishi, and Suzuki vehicles. If you are looking for an alternative to the typical dealership car repair experience, we offer a level of service that is second to none. Our professional staff provides outstanding service for all your automotive repair and maintenance needs. We employ well trained and experience Asian automotive enthusiasts with the expertise and passion for Asian brands. Our staff participates in continuous training to stay up to date with the latest technologies in the brands we service to meet your needs and exceed your expectations. We offer a wide range of automotive services in the Franklin and Nashville areas . Whether you need new brakes, tires balanced and rotated, battery service, alignment, or maintenance services, we can help. You can find details about the services that are included in our Basic Service, Intermediate Service or Major Service on our website to keep your vehicle well maintained and prevent costly repairs, which can result from lack of maintenance. If you are looking for car repair for your Asian import vehicle in Franklin , Nashville or the surrounding areas, but want to avoid the typical dealership experience, please browse our website to learn more about INssan Automotive. Please give us a call today at 615-791-0900 for more information or to schedule service for your Infiniti, Nissan or other Asian import. Featured Items Asian Car Care Ltd. INssan automotive, the professional service alternative for owners of INFINITI and Nissan automobiles is going all Asian. Beginning in January of 2012, INssan automotive is launching Asian Car Care Limited. From Toyota to Acura, Lexus to Mitsubishi, Mazda to Suzuki, as long as it’s an Asian Import currently manufactured for sale in the United States, INssan automotive is your professional service alternative. Read more M.A.P.S. Maintenance, Audio, Performance and Service. INssan automotive’s business model includes a comprehensive strategy to offer one-stop shopping to the owners of Asian import automobiles. From professional maintenance to solutions and upgrades to existing audio systems, to tweaking the horsepower on your engine to providing factory recommended service. MAPS is our automotive doctrine. Read more More about us INssan automotive, the way service should be. Opened in 2005, INssan automotive has experienced a steady growth of customers searching out an alternative to the traditional dealership service experience. As of January 2012, we became a full service provider to owners of Toyota, Lexus, Honda, Acura, Mitsubishi, Mazda, as well as Suzuki with our launch of Asian Car Care Limited. Read more Better Business Bureau Accredited Like Us On Facebook Footer Navigation Services INcard Employment Faq Warranties Location/Map Franklin Nashville Sitemap 3848 Carothers Parkway Franklin , TN 37067  