 Skip to: Content Skip to: Site Navigation Skip to: Search Search World USA Commentary Business Energy/Environment Innovation Science Culture Books All The Culture Arts Movies Music Family Culture Cafe TV TV Blog Food Poetry Verbal Energy Gardening The Home Forum Articles on Christian Science Latest News Wires Sign up for FREE E-Newsletters: Daily Top Stories Weekend Edition Change Agent Books BizTech Opinion  Commentary Politics Food (Stir It Up!) Science HOLIDAY ARTICLE/SECTIONSubscribe and save 57 % Subscribe and save 75 %  Advertisements  'Car Talk' to end, leaving void in mechanics-who-talk-like-Noël Coward niche Tom and Ray Magliozzi, the Tappet Brothers of 'Car Talk' fame, announced that they will end their 35-year run on public radio in September. The unique show was comedy 'of the first order.' By Kevin Loria , Staff writer /June 8, 2012 'Car Talk' hosts Tom (r.) and Ray Magliozzi plan to retire in September after decades of dispensing automotive repair and driving advice laced with a side of wicked humor. Richard Howard/Car Talk/REUTERS Enlarge  Sadly, all things come to an end. Skip to next paragraph Related stories 10 cars that tell the story of America In Gear 'Car Talk' radio show: Magliozzi brothers calling it quits Car Talk hosts, Tom and Ray, to avoid all radio work Subscribe Today to the Monitor Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS of The Christian Science Monitor Weekly Digital Edition For the past 35 years, two guys have put on a radio show that you could call when the engine of your ‘93 Ford Taurus made an odd sound while idling. They would even imitate it for you, on-air: “MMMMMmmmmMMMMMmmm.” To fix it, they might explain how to find the idle air control under the hood and clean it; or they might tell you to whack that control valve with the heel of your shoe – or maybe to try the shoe first, then cleaning the part if the whack didn’t work. Are you a TV trivia buff? Take our quiz. But after years of dispensing mechanical advice and wisecracks, not necessarily in that order, Click and Clack, the Tappet Brothers, Tom and Ray Magliozzi , are shutting the doors of their radio garage. This fall, as their 25th anniversary at NPR approaches, they will stop recording new episodes of Car Talk, their comedic Saturday morning auto advice show. It’s not a lack of popularity that sparked the decision. They started broadcasting on Boston 's WBUR in 1977 after the station invited them to do a talk show about car mechanics, and it was 10 years before NPR picked them up. Now they are heard on 660 stations by about 3.3 million weekly listeners, some of whom call in for advice when they have mechanical difficulties. But, they’ve “decided that it’s time to stop and smell the cappuccino.” “This is a sad day at public radio,” says Robert Thompson , founder of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . “It didn’t matter if you knew a single thing about automobiles, if you cared a single thing about automobiles. It was a comedy program of the first order.” The twitterverse agrees. Thousands of lamenting tweets have been sent since the brothers Magliozzi made their Friday announcement. “No more Car Talk? Now how am I supposed to pretend I am a real man on Saturday mornings?” asks @GeorgeRidgemont. For fans, there was an appeal in the way they balanced the apparent dissonance between highbrow radio and comedy, says Professor Thompson. “They did seem to know their way around the underside of an automobile hood,” he says. “But they could articulate it in a way that it was as if when you go in to get your car fixed, Noël Coward or Cole Porter came and explained what’s wrong with your car.” Mostly, they seemed to enjoy having a good time. “My brother has always said, ‘Don’t be afraid of work. Make work afraid of you.’ And he’s done it. Work has successfully avoided him all his life,” said Ray in their announcement. But it’s not over yet. There’s still time to catch the pair’s mix of quirky humor and advice. They will continue to record new episodes until October, and hours of old shows are available as podcasts. After that, the Car Talk production team will remix the best material from more than 1,200 recorded programs into a new Saturday morning broadcast. “Thanks to all for the nice comments, but this isn't a wake! We won't be taping new shows, but we will still be polluting the airwaves!” says the official Car Talk Twitter feed. Are you a TV trivia buff? Take our quiz. Related stories 10 cars that tell the story of America In Gear 'Car Talk' radio show: Magliozzi brothers calling it quits Car Talk hosts, Tom and Ray, to avoid all radio work  About these ads Sign up to receive a selection of the most popular stories of the week every Saturday.  Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today! Read Comments View reader comments | Comment on this story These comments are not screened before publication. Constructive debate about the above story is welcome, but personal attacks are not. Please do not post comments that are commercial in nature or that violate any copyright[s]. Comments that we regard as obscene, defamatory, or intended to incite violence will be removed. If you find a comment offensive, you may flag it. If you have questions about comments or comment policy, check out our FAQ page . When posting a comment, you agree to our Terms of Service . USA How a springtime primary in bright-red Georgia could tip power in US Senate Science Anonymous New Jersey wreck identified as pre-Civil War ship Innovation How the NSA leaks could affect the US cloud computing industry Science In new concept video, NASA bags an asteroid to theme music Books Mother Teresa: 10 quotes on her birthday Science Spitzer telescope revolutionized how we see the universe The Culture 'The Grandmaster' tells the story of real-life kung fu innovator Ip Man Innovation In China, a slow shift away from Apple's iPhone, iPad Making a Difference Lynne Patterson brightens the futures of struggling women with Pro Mujer Science C. Gordon Fullerton, pioneering space shuttle pilot The Culture 'The Patience Stone' delves into more than just love during wartime USA Cronut craze consumes New York: Just two per customer! And no cutting!  Weekly review of global news and ideas Balanced, insightful and trustworthy Subscribe in print or digital Special Offer Print Digital About these ads  Film critics pick the 50 best movies of all time Most viewed US Treasury to hit debt limit by October. What if pols can't reach a deal? Russia warns US of 'catastrophic consequences' of Syria intervention 'Berzerk': Eminem's next single off his new album 'Marshall Mathers LP 2' is coming soon Anonymous New Jersey wreck identified as pre-Civil War ship US strike on Syria? How far Obama might go. Photos of the day 08.26.13  Photos of the day 08/26 CSMonitor.com on Facebook Editors' picks:  Briefing 11 who leaked to news media ... and faced espionage charges Under President Obama, seven people have been prosecuted under the Espionage Act for leaking classified documents to the news media, compared with three during all previous presidencies. Here's a breakdown of prosecutions by administration. Four thousand Cuban doctors to work in Brazil Focus Manning and leaks to news media: Is US pursuit too hot? Africa Monitor A class of none: Students go 0 for 25,000 on University of Liberia entrance exam Olive Press Another fallout of Syrian war: Disregarding injustices elsewhere? About these ads Doing Good What happens when ordinary people decide to pay it forward? Extraordinary change... Pro Mujer cofounder Lynne Patterson stands next to a photo mural in the Latin American microlender's New York headquarters. Lynne Patterson brightens the futures of struggling women with Pro Mujer Women in developing countries 'hold the key' to their futures, Lynne Patterson says. Her nonprofit Pro Mujer helps them find it. Church World ServiceUnderwritten by: Become part of the Monitor community  About these ads Home About Content Map Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Text Specials Multimedia Make Us Your Home Page Careers Corrections Find us online Advertise With Us Articles on Christian Science  The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .   