 Convertible Car Seats | Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat - Free Shipping - Installations Available in-store The Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat has the same sleek,... Magic Beans - Baby Gear - Toys - Surprises WOW! Baby Baskets Get our newsletter Go Independently owned by parents like you Expert toy and baby gear advice Guaranteed lifetime service on everything we sell The Baby Registry Gift Finder Toys Strollers Car Seats Baby Gear Nursery  Furniture Feeding  Soothing Bath, Potty  Diapering Clothing  Accessories Services Stores  Hours Contact Us 1-866-600-BEAN (2326) About Us Like Us on Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Spilling the Beans Blog! My Account My Favorites You are here: Home  Car Seats  Convertible Car Seats  Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat You've chosen to see only: clear all Magic Beans Accepts PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover  Shopping on mbeans.com is 100% safe - guaranteed! Popup view is OFF ON turn ON turn OFF ? Clek Brand Age: 6 mos - 6 yrs Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat (5.0) Read 2 reviews Write a review Hover or Touch to Zoom In Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat - Shadow Click to Enlarge Now Viewing: mouse over swatch or color name below to see in that color   $ 399.99 to $ 499.99  Lowest Price Guaranteed This item has Free Shipping!  REACT - Rapid Energy-Absorbing Crumple Technology reduces the forces of a collision by up to 40% Rigid sub-structure and wide side wings allow children to be rear-facing longer than any other seat - up to 50 pounds! Clek's rigid latch makes the car easy to install and proper installation is a safe installation Foonf can fit 3 across the backseat of most vehicles because of its narrow footprint Greenguard Select Certified fabrics protect against stains and moisture Color: Qty: Status: See personalized Accessory Recommendations here  Add to Cart Add to Registry Add to Wish List Go To Your Cart Go To Checkout Tell a Friend  (866) 600-BEAN (2326) Email Us a Question Easy Returns Policy Shipping Info Share:  Pin It We're a Clek Authorized Dealer (details) Two Columns One Column About the Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat We take car seats seriously, as should you: a good car seat, correctly installed, is essential for safe travel for kids. And Clek, the makers of the Olli and Oobr boosters, are absolutely obsessed with safety, as demonstrated by the engineering, research, and top-of-the-line materials used in their previous creations. But all car seats are designed for safety  so what really makes Clek stand out? Cleks answer to this dilemma: create seats with a look that really pops, and names that are impossible to forget. The Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat has the same sleek, modern look as its sister seats, and that unusual name, which is derived from the German word for five. Safety and style: Foonf has it all. The Foonf is Cleks first convertible car seat, but it shares many features with the other Clek seats. The light but strong magnesium frame and the easy-to-install rigid LATCH system (forward-facing) are classic Clek. For rear-facing installation, the Foonf will use flexible LATCH connectors and a snap-in anti-rebound bar. Both rear- and forward-facing installation have built-in lockoffs, and a patented energy absorption system is designed to slow down the seat in a crash. And then theres the surprisingly narrow profile of the Foonf. We dont know how they did it, but Clek managed to create a seat thats one inch narrower on the outside than the Diono Radian, one of our narrowest seats, but one inch wider on the inside than the Britax Advocate. All we know is: a convertible car-seat that can fit three in a row in your backseat is a rare and beautiful thing. The Foonf is designed to be the next step after your infant car seat, with the recommendations for use starting at six months: install it rear-facing for kids weighing 15-50 pounds, 25-43 inches in height; forward-facing for kids weighing 20-65 pounds, 25-49 inches in height. width: 17" at widest point, 13" at base. Seat depth: 12.5". Seat height: 22.5" - 26.5". Specifications Manufacturer: Clek Max Weight Capacity: 65 lb. Min. Weight Required: 14 lb. Max Height Capacity (in.): 49 Additional Side Impact Protection: Yes 5-Point Harness: Yes Weight (when empty): 36 lbs. Rear Facing, 32 lbs. Forward Facing Manufacturer's Product Number: Drift: F012U1-BLB, Snowberry: FO12U1-PKW, Dragonfly: FO12U1-GRW, Blue Moon: FO12U1-BLW, Paul Frank Heart Shades: FO12U1-PFHSB, Paul Frank Faux Hawk Julius: FO12U1-PFFHB Warranty: 1 Year  2 Customer Reviews for: Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat Write a Review  (2) 5.0 out of 5.0 stars 5 stars 2 4 stars 0 3 stars 0 2 stars 0 1 star 0 2 user reviews. Sort by: Newest Oldest Most Popular Most Helpful Highest Rating Lowest Rating Viewing Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat MaineMamma Portland, ME Parent of Two or More Children Stay at Home Parent 5.0 beans out of 5.0 beans In Love! July 23rd, 2013 Pros: Comfortable, Easy to clean, Cool looking, Safe, less toxic I bought this seat for my daughter as she was growing out of her maxi cosi prezi. She had a big smile on her face as soon as we put her in. She is just six months but has very good muscle control for her age so 6 months might be too early for other babies. The safety features and low toxicity are what sold me on this seat. I do drive a suburban and it fits just fine so not the best judge of compact cars. I love this seat so much that I am switching my 29 month old son to one as well from his Britax Marathon. This is obviously an expensive seat but they say you can keep a child rear facing to 4 years old in this seat so it will pay for itself. Yes, I would recommend this to a friend. Flag this review You flagged this review Is this review helpful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback on this review. Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat Micah Maine First Time Parent 5.0 beans out of 5.0 beans The Perfect Seat for the Perfect Girl June 24th, 2013 Pros: Solid, stain proof, long life Cons: Might be a little tall for some cars We hadn't initially been looking at the Clek Foonf when we drove down to Magic Beans from Maine, but there it was. My wife did a ton of research on car seats and found that this one was at the top of the list. It's the longest lasting rear facing seat on the market (at the time of this writing), which is very important to us. We want our baby girl to be as safe as possible for as long as possible, even if that means we don't get to see her face in the rearview mirror for a few years. While she would scream and writhe when we tried to put her in her infant seat, she doesn't complain nearly as much when we click her into the Clek Foonf. She's got lots of room and she's very secure. The Latch system works beautifully in my Honda Element. I could honestly go on for hours about this car seat and I never thought of myself as the type of dad who would be so interested in such things. The quality of the build, the fact that it's manufactured in North America and the quality of the materials make this the safest and best seat on the market (in my opinion based on the research we have done). While this seat does fit in my wife's 2001 Honda Civic, it is a little tall and will likely block the rearview mirror as our DD grows up. On the plus side, if you put this seat in the center of her Civic, you still have room on either side for adults to sit in the back with her. Yes, I would recommend this to a friend. Flag this review You flagged this review Is this review helpful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback on this review. Sort by: Newest Oldest Most Popular Most Helpful Highest Rating Lowest Rating Viewing  Videos for Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat You may also like these items... Diono Radian RXT Convertible Car Seat $284.99 Cloud B Twilight Turtle $32.99 Wheelie Car Seat Travel Bag $49.99 Skwish Classic $17.99 Rody Ride-On Horse $49.99 Diaper Dekor Plus Diaper Pail from $39.99 Winkel $14.99 Cutting Food Box $19.99 Skip Hop Pronto Mini Changer from $29.99 Magic Beans Gift Card from $25.00 Onaroo Teach Me Time! Talking Alarm Clock $39.99 Tiny Love Follow Me Fred $27.99 Melissa  Doug Deluxe Grocery Cart $59.99 JL Childress Ultimate Car Seat Travel Bag $49.99 CARES Harness In-Flight Airplane Child Restraint $74.99 Gate Check Car Seat Tote $17.99 Clek Oobr Booster Seat $249.99 Melissa  Doug Large Easel $69.99 Diono Cool Shade $4.99 Diono My Light $16.99   Customers who own Clek Foonf Convertible Car Seat also own... ZoLi Buzz B Baby Nail Trimmer $34.99 Bugaboo Universal Stroller Seat Liner $59.95 Chicco Keyfit 30 Infant Car Seat from $189.99 Chewbeads Jane Teething Necklace $29.99 ZoLi Bot 6 oz. Sippy Cup $12.99 Aden + Anais Dribble Burpy Bibs $22.99 Stokke Tripp Trapp High Chair Baby Set $69.99 Aden + Anais Muslin Sleeping Bag $32.99 Stokke Tripp Trapp High Chair $249.99 Aden + Anais Muslin Swaddle Wraps 4-Pack $49.99 Bebe Au Lait Nursing Cover $34.99 Zoe B Organic Butterfly Orthodontic Pacifier 2-pack $16.99 Clek Weelee Car Seat Travel Bag $129.99 $100 Magic Beans Electronic Gift Card $100.00 MD Moms Baby Silk Babysafe Sunscreen Towelettes $25.99 Lollacup Straw Cup $17.99 ZoLi Gummy Stick $9.99 Stokke Tripp Trapp High Chair Cushion from $44.99 Angel Dear Blankies $14.99 SwaddleMe Cotton Receiving Blanket from $14.99   Top Sign up for our newsletter beanstalk - get special deals, top picks, more! Our awards include: Customer Service Contact Us Order Status My Account My Wish List Return Policy International Shipping Privacy Policy Terms of Use Shipping Policy About Magic Beans About Us Press/Awards FAQ Stores  Hours Store Calendar/Events Employment Opportunities Have a question? Email us Call us: 1-866-600-BEAN (2326) M-F 9a-5p ET Magic Beans locations Our stores  hours Brookline Cambridge Wellesley Boston Can't get enough Magic Beans? Facebook Twitter Our Blog Our Magalog Magic Beans carries wonderful things from over 200 trusted brands , including: See all our brands Clek Logo Clek Melissa  Doug Logo Melissa  Doug Magna-Tiles Logo Magna-Tiles Stokke Logo Stokke Baby Jogger Logo Baby Jogger Mustela Logo Mustela Skip Hop Logo Skip Hop Nuna Logo Nuna Alex Toys Logo Alex Toys Bugaboo Logo Bugaboo Kettler Logo Kettler Diono Logo Diono Orbit Baby Logo Orbit Baby BABYBJORN Logo BABYBJORN UPPAbaby Logo UPPAbaby Ergo Baby Logo Ergo Baby Clek Logo Clek Melissa  Doug Logo Melissa  Doug Magna-Tiles Logo Magna-Tiles Stokke Logo Stokke Baby Jogger Logo Baby Jogger Mustela Logo Mustela Skip Hop Logo Skip Hop Nuna Logo Nuna  2011 to 2013 Magic Beans. All rights reserved. website by A Far Site Better view all site map 