 The Epoch Times  Change edition: Home Choose your edition Advertise Subscribe Editions in other languages Print Edition Topics Video News China Arts & Entertainment Business Nation Australia Canada Ireland New Zealand United Kingdom United States World Africa Asia Pacific Europe International Middle East North America South America South Asia China Regime Business & Economy Culture Democracy  Human Rights Society Nine Commentaries Business Companies Economy  Trade Global Markets Real Estate Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader's Turn Science Beyond Science Earth  Environment Inspiring Discoveries Space & Astronomy Technology Cyber Freedom Cyber Security Features Innovation Products Reviews Arts & Entertainment Celebrities Literary & Visual Arts Movies & TV Music Theatre Health Environment & Health Fitness Nutrition Other Ways of Healing Traditional Chinese Medicine Western Medicine Life Autos Fashion  Beauty Food Home Slice of Life Travel Sports NFL NBA College Sports Hockey Baseball Football (Soccer) Tennis Golf Motorsports Cycling Rugby Other  Subscribe Movie Review: 8 1/2 Fellini’s ‘8½’ at 50 By Joe Bendel Created: March 21, 2013 Last Updated: March 21, 2013 Related articles: Arts & Entertainment  Movies & TV  A still from the dramatic fantasy “8½,” a film about an indecisive director who endeavors to make a new film. (Courtesy of Cornith Films) In 1963, Federico Fellini became a bit player in the Cold War when the Moscow International Film Festival’s non-Soviet judges threatened to walk out unless their decision to award the grand prize to “8½” was honored. It would be one of many accolades bestowed (grudgingly in that case) on Fellini’s masterpiece. Frankly, finding fresh new insights into the Oscar winner is rather daunting, but the 50th anniversary is a fitting occasion to take a shot at it. To mark the milestone, Corinth Films will rerelease “8½” in New York. The films “8½” and “La Dolce Vita” may somewhat blend together for many cineastes. It’s because they probably first saw both films, which share similar themes and cast members, in short succession. “Dolce” has the fountain, and “8½” has the weird space-age scaffolding. Considered by Fellini his 8½th film (with shorts and collaborations counting as halves), it is a film that rewards revisiting at various stages of life. At first viewing, some will be struck by its Fellini-esqueness. However, those initiated into the auteur’s style will subsequently find that it has a strong narrative structure and deep emotional feeling. As everyone ought to know, Guido Anselmi is an acclaimed director “taking the cure” at an upscale sanitarium. Presumably he is being treated for nerves and exhaustion, but he is really addicted to people and drama. He is woefully behind schedule and over budget on his next film. Intended as a profoundly personal statement, it has evolved into a science fiction epic, with that costly behemoth of a set still under construction. A still from the dramatic fantasy “8½,” a film about an indecisive director who endeavors to make a new film. (Courtesy of Cornith Films) Anselmi would like to save his career and his marriage to Luisa, but he seems incapable of either. Instead, he spends unrewarding time with his married mistress and is visited in his dreams and reveries by women from his past, including his mother and La Saraghina, the town harlot who fascinated him as a child. Unlike the Soviets, the Vatican willingly joined the chorus of plaudits, putting “8½” on its list of the 45 greatest films produced before 1995, even though it is not particularly kind in its depiction of Catholic clergy. By the same token, Fellini’s film never celebrates infidelity or materialism. Anouk Aimée’s Luisa is more sophisticated and beautiful (in an earthy way) than his tarty mistress, but Anselmi cannot give her the emotional commitment she rightly demands. Aimée is truly a wonder in “8½.” Likewise, Claudia Cardinale brings down the roof with her late appearance as Claudia, the glamorous movie star with whom Anselmi has some ambiguous history. Although relatively unheralded among a cast of giants, Rosella Falk brings a smart, intriguing edge to the film as Rosella, the Anselmis’ family friend and counselor. However, it is Marcello Mastroianni as Anselmi who anchors and defines the film. In a way, it is easy to overlook his performance as he is passively pushed and pulled from one episode to another. Yet, in quiet scenes, such as Anselmi’s pseudo-confession to Claudia and his confused late-night attempt to preserve his marriage, Mastroianni’s work is powerfully direct and honest. Related Articles Movie Review: 'Tzvetanka' Fellini’s “8½” is one of a handful of films that everyone has to see to consider themselves cinematically literate, but you cannot just see it once. With the passage of time, Anselmi’s crisis of confidence will resonate differently. If you have only seen the musical “Nine” or the various pastiches, you have not experienced the real thing. It really is that good. Recommended unreservedly to anyone who takes film seriously, “8½” opens Friday (March 22) at the Quad Cinema. 8½ Director: Federico Fellini Cast: Marcello Mastroianni, Anouk Aimée, Claudia Cardinale Running Time: 2 hours, 18 minutes Rating:  5 / 5 Joe Bendel writes about independent film and lives in New York. To read his most recent articles, please visit http://jbspins.blogspot.com The Epoch Times publishes in 35 countries and in 21 languages. Subscribe to our e-newsletter. Tags: 8 1/2 fellini Movie Review   GET THE FREE DAILY E-NEWSLETTER Enter your email:  Follow me on Twitter Follow @epochtimes Recommended on Facebook My Epoch Times Network on Facebook The Epoch Times, Chinese Edition 台司法院：观审制让人民安心参与 台券商权证避险专户 证交税拟降 张学良毛泽东信 纽约高价拍出 Read more... Selected Topics from The Epoch Times Latest News New Comments Most Comments  Subscribe | Print Edition | Other Languages | Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | RSS Feeds National Editions: Australia | Canada | Ireland | New Zealand | United Kingdom | United States Languages: Chinese | Korean | French | German | Spanish | Japanese | Russian | Ukrainian | Hebrew | Romanian | Bulgarian | Slovak | Swedish | Indonesian | Persian | Vietnamese | Portuguese | Turkish | Czech | Italian Copyright © 2000-2012 Privacy Policy | Rights and Permissions  