 An Examination of Children'sBooks and Picture Books Home  Enter your searchterms  Web www.zeluna.net Submitsearch form Analsysis of Children'sLiterature Whatis Children's Literature How toEvaluate Children's Literature AStudy of Picture Books Book Reviews for Children's books (Picture Books) ChirsVan Allsburg " Zathura " William Steig " Sylvesterand the Magic Pebble " " DoctorDe Soto " TeddArnold " NoJumping on the Bed " Jon JMuth " ZenShorts " Ezra Jack Keats " TheTrip " " ALetterfor Amy " " Goggles " Robert McCloskey " Makeway for Ducklings " " Blueberry'sfor Sal " " ATime of Wonder " MollyBang " Goose " MargaretBloy Graham "Harryby the Sea" Vladyana Krykarka " APromise is a Promise " Gerald McDermott " Raven " Simon James " TheBirdwatchers " Faith Ringgold " TarBeach " BestFantasy Picture Books Whatis Children's Literature HowtoEvaluate Children's Literature AStudy of Picture Books Children's literature and PictureBooks Childrensliteraturehas often been viewed as perhaps lessvaluable, this however is not the case for the value of literaturecomes fromthree primary areas. First it as value as a form of human expressionand emotiona way for people to connect with each other. And books for children areindeedsuch a form of connection, they are often an expression of the deepestemotionsof people, from McCloskey who created beautiful picture books of Maine,to themuch acclaimed Harry Potter, childrens literature is a deepexpression ofhuman emotions, desires, and beliefs. Literature as a message is alsointended to shape those whoread it (at least good literature is). Steinbeck, Hemingway, and moreall hadthe goal of getting a message out and thereby affecting the society inwhichthey where in. Is not childrens literature a method ofshaping? Indeed as achild is much more susceptible to being shaped it can be argued thatchildrensliterature does this much better then any novel intended for adultsever could. Literature is also a form ofentertainment, something thatchildrens literature most certainly is as well. Greatliterature for childrenis more then this however as picture books is often created to be readby oneperson to another. In other words picture books can be a form ofentertainmentfor adults and kids alike. They are often a social form ofentertainment and sohave direct social value. In all ways thenchildrens literature is as important orperhaps more important social then that which is created for adults.Because ofthis importance it is defiantly worth studying, both for the purposesofallowing the public to know what it does and how it works, but also toallowthose who create childrens books to understand it. Whatis Children's Literature Theneed for a Cross Cultural Analysis of Children's Literature Cross-CulturalAnalysis is about more then simply a study of another culture, or inthis case another cultures books for children. Cross-Cultural studiesare a comparison, a way of finding out both the importance and impactof aspects of cultures by viewing other cultures. It is often a verysystematic approach to studying cultures, as will as our own.Children's books and literature in general is a cultural phenomenon,children's literature is our way of passing on our thoughts to the nextgeneration, of socializing them. It is also our way of communicatingwhat we are as a culture. Certainly different writers and differentgroups have different messages within our country, this however onlyindicates even more the need for children's literature to be analyzedusing cross-cultural methods. To help us understand what values we aretransmitting using different types of books and pictures. Crossculturalresearch in children's literature can also help us come to understandwhat values are truly important to society as a whole, by examine thevalues that different societies emphasize as compared to the valuesother societies emphasize we can come to understand both societiesbetter. Certainly a simple study of literature could give us some ideaof what values exist in children's books, we could discover throughthis how often the certain values appear in the children's books.However this gives us no idea of how valuable such things are comparedto another culture, at least in literary message, nor does it allow usto gage the full impacts of such messages. As debates rage among theeducational community about the actual impact of different types ofentertainment on children, the only solution is through comparisons ofthe actual impact of such things. Certainly culture in general can be afactor which would tend to make such comparisons difficult, however anymajor research in the social sciences and humanities requires multipletools to be successful. And Cross cultural research could besucha tool. 