 GO meeting planners media membership travel professionals reunions sports commission contact us D VisitDetroit.com 81F Cloudy To Do Gotta thing for cars, culture, gaming, music or sports? Detroit has your back with loads of thrilling events and mainstay attractions that cover every category. To Do Col 2 Events Search Events This Weekend Budget Events Family Events Music Events Places to Go Search Cruises  Tours Museums Nightlife Shopping Recommended Articles / Tour D-Troit Drive it, bike it, hoof it by foot. Experience metro Detroit your way. Click here for a guide of the city’s best-loved touring options. Recommended Articles / After Dark Activities Bar tours, bowling, big gaming and belly laughs. Find out about the rousing nightlife fun that awaits in metro Detroit. Stay When it’s bedtime — or you need a little downtime — Detroit has an assortment of hotel options that are just right. Heck, even Goldilocks would be impressed. Stay Col 2 Hotel Search Downtown Detroit Dearborn/Wayne Greater Novi Macomb Oakland Recommended Articles / AHHHHHHH-Mazing Stressed out? Think spa. Many metro Detroit hotels and casinos have their own or are affiliated with one nearby. Read more . Recommended Articles / Dabbling Around the DIA Get a dose of the rich Detroit Cultural Center scene. Stay at the Inn on Ferry Street and play nearby at the Detroit Institute of Arts. Dine Fueling up in the Motor City is rich, full of culture and wide open with possibilities that will satisfy any palate. Dine Col 2 Dining Search Downtown Detroit Dearborn/Wayne Greater Novi Macomb Oakland Recommended Articles / PizzaPalooza No matter how you slice it, Detroit’s pizza scene is deliciously hot. Find out where you can sample some of our area’s tastiest pies. Read more . Recommended Articles / Of the Veggie and Vegan Varieties Prefer a meatless menu? Many metro Detroit restaurants cater to such cravings with delish dishes even carnivores will appreciate. Experiences Detroit has the A to Z in top-notch experiences and to-dos. Have a blast filling your days and nights with a mixed bag of big-city fun, laid-back encounters, cultural wonders and high-octane entertainment. Experience Col 2 Destination Districts Features Discover the D Itineraries Comeback Stories Recommended Articles / Gotta Have Art? Detroit is a cornucopia of great art old and new. Explore our finest and most contemporary establishments dedicated to artists and their art. Recommended Articles / The Great Outdoors Recreational spaces abound in metro Detroit with much to do no matter the season. View our long list of options. Planning Tools Relax. Maps, a magazine and so much more are here to help you find your way around The D and have a ton of fun doing it. Planning Tools Col 2 Interactive Map Deals Sign Up for Email Updates Free Visitors Packet Getting Around Contact Us Recommended Features / Navigating Detroit Use our interactive map to lock in on all the best metro Detroit POIs. Recommended Features / Free magazine. Priceless info. Free stuff make you happy? Smile and click here for a FREE copy of Visit Detroit , the most complete travel guide to metro Detroit. Get Started Sign Up for Email Updates Like Us On Facebook Free Visitors Packet Find a Hotel Interactive Map Home  Features  The Culture of Cars Experiences Features Itineraries Destination Districts Dearborn/Wayne Downtown Detroit Greater Novi Macomb Oakland Comeback Stories Find Events Start Date  End Date Advanced Events Search Rose Awards Submit a travel tip! Family Reunions Submit a travel tip! Discover The D TV Submit a travel tip! The Culture of Cars This winter, Henry Ford Museum took the wraps off its all-new premier permanent exhibit, Driving America . With that moniker, it could be easy to conclude this exhibit is just about cars, butdon't bet on it. Driving America is more about the people that drive the cars than the cars themselves, says Bob Casey, senior curator of Transportation at The Henry Ford. "Most other auto exhibits focus onthe car – the technology behind it, the designer that created it, the company that built it. These are the standard lenses we seem to always use when looking at the car from a historical perspective.Driving America is different. It thoroughly examines the car from a perspective seldom viewed, that of the user." Those users are you and me, whether we own a car – or two or three – rent a car, ride in taxis, take the bus, or choose to coexist with traffic on foot or by bike. So whether you're a car buffor someone who considers them a necessary evil, Driving America offers up an opportunity to learn a little bit more about yourself. A Stunner One of the most expansive automotive-centric experiences in the museum world, Driving America gives curators plenty of space to expertly map out an excursion that's complete, easy to navigateand highly interactive. Driving America has more than 100 vehicles on display, from hybrids and electric cars, to muscle cars, racers and modern-day SUVs. Be sure to check out the 1931 Bugatti Royale Type 41. It'sa stunner. Like it a little more rugged? Feast your eyes on the 1943 Willys Jeep that was made famous during World War II. Some of these vehicles are part of the Driving America Timeline, which offers a quick glimpse of the exhibit's major themes and stories. Others are dispersed throughout the exhibit's 20focal areas that cover everything from hot rods and road trips to racing. Buckle Up What's interesting about the vehicles on display is that they aren't just eye candy, but often act as a springboard for an interactive learning experience that helps you discover more. Some 18large touch screens are sprinkled throughout the exhibit, offering hundreds of additional details, images, videos and oral histories. "We wanted to develop content around what visitors are seeing," says Casey. "All of the interactives are designed to be more than stilted lectures or just engaging games and novelties, butlearning experiences and activities that use artifacts from the entire Henry Ford collection." (The Henry Ford has more than 26 million artifacts in its collection if you were wondering.) With the tap of an icon on a screen, you can hear fascinating stories about how cars are interwoven in so many of our lives' milestones and memories – from that first kiss at the drive-in andthat favorite childhood road trip to grandma's house to the drive home from the hospital with your newborn buckled up tight in his or her car seat. Best of all, as you curate your own custom collection, you can set it up so you can take it with you. A handy Driving America smart card, given to you when you enter the exhibit, can store whatyou experience and then digitally transfer your personalized compilation for online viewing later. To heighten the interactivity, your can fill out a copy of the original marketing survey that Ford Motor Company mailed to people in the '40s to determine which features consumers wanted intheir next vehicle. Ford designers actually considered many of these as they developed an all-new product lineup for 1949. You can then participate in an eHarmony-type matching exercise that will ask you to describe your favorite vehicle features and then connect you with a car from the museum collection that bestsuits your personality. Or take a minute and learn to talk like a trucker. Keep your mind out of the gutter, though – we're talking CB radio here. This interactive allows you to listen to a recording of an album created atthe height of the CB radio craze and learn the lingo. Have a blast trying out your best trucker impersonation as you drawl, "Breaker, breaker, good buddy. What's your handle?" Once you've tapped away at the touch screens and taken in all the cars, keep your eyes peeled for Lamy's. It's hard to miss. A gleaming blue-enameled beacon in the middle of it all, Lamy's isthe quintessential diner, completely restored and ready to serve. Sit down at the counter, slide into a booth or grab a chair on the attached patio and enjoy a coffee and sweet treat. Outside the Boundaries Beyond the fun and games and even the food, Driving America tells an inspiring story that gives you a little better perspective on how one of this world's greatest innovations has affected youand everything around you, from the shape of our cities and the foods we eat to how we choose to spend our leisure time. And what's even greater about Driving America is that it lives in Henry Ford Museum, so you can easily step outside the exhibit boundaries and take in another fantastic, completely differentexperience. You'll see an authentic reproduction of the Wright brothers' flyer, get an up-close look at the limo President John F. Kennedy was riding in that fateful November day in Dallas, and considerthe moment Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat as you sit in the actual bus where her actions helped spark the civil rights movement. Jennifer LaForce grew up in Dearborn, Mich., just a hop, skip and a jump from Henry Ford Museum, where she has always marveled at the ginormous locomotives on display. Street Legal Need tofill your senses with more about cars, here are a few other auto-lovin' events happening in and around The D this spring that might interest you. HOT ROD POWER TOUR June 2. Hot Rod magazine's annual tour starts its 2012 run in Detroit this year. So join a slew of other hot rod fans as they kick off this year'srolling tribute to the performance car. Raging rods, rally rockets, pro stocks, show cars and classic muscle cars will all be at their best and their drivers will be ready to hit the open road forone of the world's most massive 1,000 miles+ community road trip. The opening leg will be held at the GM Tech Center in Warren. Visit www.hotrod.com for more information. CRUISIN DOWNRIVER June 30. Downriver Detroit packs in a half million people each June to pay homage to the automobile. There's good food, great people-watching,awesome oldies and of course lots of cars, from T-Birds and Chevys to Mustangs and more. Cruisers cruise Downriver's anchor cities, including Southgate and Lincoln Park to Riverview and Wyandotte.Visit www.cruisindownriver.com for more information. MOUNT CLEMENS CRUISE June 1-2. The D's oldest car cruise continues to entertain, amaze and draw in big crowds of classic car owners and lovers along Gratiot Avenue.In addition to the cars, there's a kids zone for the youngsters, and we can only hope the flame-throwing contest will be brought back again this year. Visit www.mountclemenscruise.com for more information. Car Crazy The variety of institutionsthat pay homage to the automobile in The D is just crazy good. Take your pick from some of these additional area favorites or try to squeeze them all in during your visit – they're worth it. THE AUTOMOTIVE HALL OF FAME Located next door to The Henry Ford, the Automotive Hall of Fame celebrates the contributions of the men and women who pioneeredautomotive innovations. Think Henry Ford, Eiji Toyoda, Walter P. Chrysler, Soichiro Honda and many others. The venue is also home to the Hall of Honor, which is considered one of the largestsingle pieces of automotive fine art, along with Diego Rivera's Detroit Industry fresco cycle, which is on display at the nearby Detroit Institute of Arts. A full-size replica of the world's firstgas-powered automobile and many other four-wheeled beauties are on display. 21400 Oakwood Blvd. Dearborn, 48124 DW (313) 240-4000 www.automotivehalloffame.org GM SHOWROOM The GM Renaissance Center is a must see if you're hitting Detroit's downtown area. Inside, you'll find great food, unique shopping and – as one might expect,given the GM in the name – a multi-vehicle display. The GM Showroom is a 44,000-square-foot auto oasis tucked on Level A of the Ren Cen. Stroll by vintage, new model and concept vehicles from thisvaunted auto manufacturer and even experience a demo of the company's super-cool OnStar in-vehicle security and communications system. GM Renaissance Center 400 Renaissance Center Detroit, 48243 DD (313) 568-5624 www.gmrencen.com WALTER P. CHRYSLER MUSEUM All things Chrysler live at this museum, which is conveniently located at the enormous Chrysler headquarters complex in Auburn Hills – a view tobehold on its own. Like Jeeps? You'll see them here. Want Nash, Dodge, Hudson models from the good ole days? They're here, too. And don't miss the Boss Chrysler's Garage, where the mighty HEMIengine roars and Chrysler muscle cars from the '60s and '70s rule. 1 Chrysler Drive Auburn Hills, 48236 O (248) 944-0001 www.wpchryslermuseum.org Getting There Henry Ford Museum The Henry Ford 20900 Oakwood Blvd. Dearborn, 48124 (313) 982-6001 www.thehenryford.org   Travel Tip “Roast is fantastic, and has the best dessert. Beer and Pretzels is Guinness ice cream with caramel foam and chocolate covered pretzels. So good!” – Bean S. Submit a travel tip! Editor's Picks Southwest Detroit/Michigan Ave. Bike Tour, Wheelhouse Detroit Discover the sights and thriving businesses of Vernor Highway and Michigan Ave. on this two-wheeled adventure. Aug. 31, 10 a.m.-1 p.m., $25-$35. Cool Venues, Sensational Sounds Explore our list of venues for the best sounds Detroit has to offer. Some old, some new—most feature off-the-beaten path beats. Detroit—the Great Comeback City Our YouTube channel features videos of local artists, business owners, and just plain locals singing the praises of Detroit. Take a look. Related Links Affordable Deluxe Van Sightseeing Tours AIRPORT TRANSPORTATION DETROIT METRO CAR Comedy Weekend - Escape in Troy Ford Arts, Beats & Eats Michigan Renaissance Festival  Socialize With Us FACEBOOK TWITTER YOUTUBE INSTAGRAM FACEBOOK  TWITTER By P Web Design YOUTUBE Pure Michigan Commerical:... Pure Michigan Commerical:... Longtime Detroiter's Thou... Sports in The D Debbie's Story Kristi's Story Lee's Story Detroit Sports Commission... Detroit Sports Commission... Being a musician from Det... Dane Moxlow believes in D... Indy Car Driver J. R. Hil... Detroit. America's Great ... Industries Driving Detroi... Metro Detroit Districts Medical Ambassadors 2013 Annual Meeting Cobo Center, The Comeback Cobo Center, This Changes... Cobo Center, New Center R... Rose Awards 2012 Flash Mob: Moves Like Jag... The Member Advantage 2012 Veterans Small Busin... 2011 Year in Review | Det... DELP Reunion in The D | D... The Truth about the Michi... Family Reunion Seminar | ... Detroit 3.0 | Visit Detro... Detroit Metro Convention ... Kid Rock | Welcome to Det... Sterlingfest | Visit Detr... Hamtramck Festival | Visi... Dally in the Alley | Down... Arts, Beats, Eats | Visit... Arts & Apples | Visit Det... Wyandotte Street Art Fair... Sweetwater Tavern | Visit... Cobo Joes | Visit Detroit... City Festival | Visit Det... PJs Lager House | Visit D... Hoots on the Avenue | Vis... Final Four and Fergie | V... Prive | Visit Detroit | D... Sakana Sushi | Ferndale |... Via Nove | Visit Detroit ... Copper Canyon Brewery | V... Rochester Mills Brewery |... Goldfish Tea | Visit Detr... Gator Jakes | Visit Detro... INSTAGRAM  tab=FLICKRLATEST PHOTOS FROM VISIT DETROIT'S FLICKR STREAMmodulepos flickrfeedCHECK OUT VISIT DETROIT'S FLICKR PAGE Visit the D Blog  Meet Me on Main Street: Plymouth Edition 08/26/13 Quaint, hoppin’ and a ton of fun. Main Street in downtown Plymouth is an all-around...  The Hart of Detroit 08/22/13 Ask a Detroiter to put a pin in the heart of the city and many...  Delivering Detroit's Big Band Sound [Guest Post] 08/21/13 Take a trip back in time to the big-band swing era with the Detroit Jazz...  Pure Michigan Commercials Feature Downtown and Metro Detroit 08/21/13 We know you’ve all been waiting for it. The ever-popular Pure Michigan television advertisements are...   Home To Do Stay Dine Experiences Features Itineraries Destination Districts Planning Tools Interactive Map Deals Email Sign Up Visitors Packet Getting Around Contact Us Membership Join the DMCVB Member Services Member Listings Marketing Plan Advertising Media Press Releases About the DMCVB Media Contacts Media List Sign Up Media Resources Career Opportunities Legal/Privacy Policy Contact Us Suggestions or Corrections E-Newsletter Sign Up Site Map Volunteers  Travelers share stories from great Detroit vacations on TripAdvisor.   2013 Detroit Metro Convention  Visitors Bureau 