 Celebrity Gossip, Entertainment News, Celebrities, Celebrity Photos @ SheKnows.com Celebrity sightings, star styles, entertainment news  gossip and Where are they now? features Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home About Post navigation  Previous Next  Chers crazed fan Posted on June 28, 2008 by Vicki   Do you believe in love after love after love? Or was it love after life after life? Whatev. All we’re sayin’ is the legendary singer and actress, Cher recently encountered a disorderly fan and we do mean disorderly. A 36 year-old Nashville man, Calvin Hutton Houghland was asked to leave a club where Cher was performing (as for the location? The infamous Tootsies Orchid Lounge. Marvy!) After initially complying he returned and grabbed the Cherster by the waist as she chilled in a sectioned off area of the lounge. He was charged with disorderly conduct and public intoxication. Now we bet he wishes he could turn back time! (haha!) This entry was posted in Cher , Entertainment news and tagged celebrity fans , Cher by Vicki . Bookmark the permalink . 4 thoughts on  Chers crazed fan  Solar Lights on July 11, 2008 at 7:56 am said: I still love Chers song just the same. I hope shes not that affected by the incident. Reply  Lauren on July 26, 2009 at 11:49 am said: I love Cher I went to her farewell concert when i was 7 or 8 and I wore a shirt that she loved and she pointed and of have so many pictures of her. I love Cher. She is performing at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas sometimes, you should go and check it out. Bye Check out my youtube youtube.com/icecreamtastesgood1 Reply  sarah on January 6, 2010 at 8:22 am said: i hope the man goes to hell Reply  Bakerin on March 3, 2011 at 9:09 am said: Well written! Thank you :) Reply  Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Name Email Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong  Proudly powered by WordPress 