  Home Visitors Itinerary Things to Do in McAllen McAllen Shopping Arts  Entertainment Art Community On Stage Music Scene Annual Celebrations History  Museums Nature Tourism Birding Birding Guides Nature Links Ask the Expert Sports  Outdoors Spectator Sports Golf Nightlife Family Fun McAllen Restaurants Staying Here Coupons ESPAÑOL Compras en McAllen Cosas Que Hacer Arte Restaurantes McAlleando Meeting Planners Convention Center Meeting Planner Guide Facilities Transportation Accommodations Convention Services Promotional Materials Service Providers RFP Tours Tour Ideas 101 Things to Do Garden Tour H.A.T.S. Tour Champion Tree Tour Howd They Do That? Nature Tour Historical Tour Adventure Tours Tour Providers Media Press Releases Photo Gallery Video Gallery Testimonials Hotel Tours Remarkable Locals Story Ideas Media Contacts McAllen Green 53 Ways to Go Green Green Living Tips McAllen Recycling Green News Green Hotels Green Business About McAllen Our Staff Quick Facts Resources Frequently Asked Map McAllens Crossword Aug 27  Arts  Entertainment Cultural diversity that’s just right. McAllen has vibrant cultural amenities. You can spend an evening watching a Broadway play, attending the opera or strolling though the City’s new and very cool art district. Your choices for all types of arts and entertainment will feed the mind and nourish the imagination.    The  Art District is one of the top-notch attractions for visitors and locals where visitors to the area get a chance to see and admire local talent. The Art District host events such as ArtWALK to encourage and promote art and culture in the Rio Grande Valley.         For the musically inclined, individuals can enjoy a live concert performed by the 200 members of the Valley Symphony Orchestra whose mission is to engage, inspire and educate through excellence in the live performance of great music. The Orchestra is composed of local musicians who live and work across the Valley and come together for the creation of great music.              The McAllen Chamber of Commerce and the City of McAllen bring you the Music Afterhours Outdoor Concert Series. This free event is held twice a month from October through May. On the first Friday of every month you’ll witness a variety of musical sounds at historic Archer Park on Main Street, which is in the Arts District. On the third Friday of each month, you’ll find Music Afterhours at the McAllen Convention Center Bandstand, located on the east side of the reflection pool.     The McAllen Incubator is the home support and voice for the local artist throughout the Rio Grande Valley. It helps bring arts to the city and increases the attractiveness of our community’s culture. Visitors are encourageto stop by and visit our talented artists’ exhibits or check out performances. March 16th, 2010 | admin | Comments Off About The Author Check out what other travelers say about McAllen, TX on TripAdvisor. Sign Up for One of Our E-Newsletters To receive occasional info especially for meeting planners , or on nature and green living , arts & entertainment , the film industry , or shopping in the McAllen area , fill out the field below. You will be directed to a selection of options. Email: Select:  Nature Arts Meetings McAlleando   Contests 2013 Summer Birding Contest!!!  As we know, McAllen and the Rio Grande Valley is one of the premier locales [...] Lets Meet in McAllen! RIDE - SLEEP - MEET - PLAY McAllen CVB international accreditation Weekly Tips Green Tip of the Week Bamboo, a quick-growing grass known to grow several inches in a day, can remove dangerous carbon dioxide. McAllen residents describe their perfect day Weekly Recipes Sweet 1015 Onion Muffins Get Connected Cupones y Descuentos Diarios! BuyMcAllen.com Cupones y Descuentos Diarios! Obtenga sus cupones de ahorro aqui! Explore McAllen Your one stop website with all of the latest information on McAllen! McAllen Area Wildlife Watching The southernmost tip of Texas known as the Rio Grande Valley is one of the most popular birding and butterfly watching hotspots in the world. McAllen Art is alive at the McAllen Creative Incubator  The home of support and voice for local artists throughout the Rio Grande Valley. McAllen Chamber of Commerce with its 1750+ members, is committed to powering and propelling the South Texas economy. South Texas Vacation Rentals FlipKey by Trip Advisor McAllen Rentals Veterans War Memorial of Texas-McAllen One of the main reasons that the Veterans War Memorial of Texas was developed is to provide an educational and historical setting so that schools, teachers, students and families may visit and learn about all the wars and conflicts of this nation while ho McAllen Convention Center has the versatility to accommodate gatherings of all shapes and sizes with 61,500 SF of exhibit space and 25,725 SF of meeting rooms. McAllen CVBs Livestream Channel   Home Visitors Meeting Planners Tours Media McAllen Green 2013  MPC Studios Inc. Website Design and Website Development ﻿ 