 Sign in | Sign up | CollegeHumor on Tumblr CollegeHumor on Facebook CollegeHumor on Twitter CollegeHumor on YouTube Follow @CollegeHumor  Videos All Originals Jake and Amir Shorts Troopers Hardly Working Very Mary-Kate Dinosaur Office Batman Bleep Bloop Precious Plum Original Yay or Nay: Is Exercise the Worst? Original CAMP: Harry and Madge Original Bleep Bloop: Dog Football Original Jake and Amir: Airline Scam See More  Pictures Sexy WTF College Facebook Relationships Animals TV/Movies World's Greatest Man Only Needs To Make One Trip Baseball Players Have The Best Handshake Ever Dog Has Luscious Frisbee Lips This Guy Definitely Looks Like a Black Matt Damon See More  Articles Almost Reading The Graphic Truth The Troll Twidiots TLDNR Regret Everything CollegeHumor Interview Exclusive Leaks Should You Join a Fraternity? The 7 Things You Really Don't Need to Bring to College The First 7 People You Meet at College I'm Ra, your RA See More  More Toplists Surveys Topics See More  Upload Picture Gallery Video Article  macklemore = roger klotz miley cyrus twerking + kids shows japan world cup 3 dubstep cat Featured  Original Original Newest article The First 7 People You Meet at College by Rosie on August 27, 2013 Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life. College is a place for higher learning and personal growth, self-expression and community building. Some of the people you'll meet at this prestigious university will be by your side for decades to come.   You can learn a little bit from every person you meet in this maze you've set out to navigate. The maze of life. Take, for instance, this dedicated young individual, standing out in the sun frying for some measly nickels and dimes in his pocket at the end of the day. But y'know what? He'll go to sleep tonight, sweat plastered to his forehead, body burnt from the harsh rays, feet sore and shoes muddied by the endless stream of fresh faces entering this fine institution, and he'll know what it means to work. He'll appreciate what it means to live.   Sometimes life gives you second chances. Like remember when you wanted to make that great joke to the first guy but couldn't think of the right wording in time? Well, now's your chance! Sometimes opportunities are missed. Life happens. And so what if the joke falls flat. What matters is that you went for it. You had the courage to commit, even if it was only the second time around. Here's a lesson for you, even if you fail, at least you've succeeded at trying.   Continue Reading  video Jake and Amir Jake and Amir: Talent Show Part 2 From Jake and Amir on August 27, 2013 Original  We are all unique. We are all special. Watch Video  breaking bad Hank and Marie Watch the Video Music Awards via SamBarnett114 August 27, 2013  Oh my blurred dimensions. Watch Video  article The Graphic Truth Should You Join a Fraternity? by Caldwell Tanner on August 27, 2013 Continue Reading  article Macklemore and Roger Klotz: the Same Person by Chris Han on August 27, 2013 We know where you got that leather jacket, Roger Klotz... from the  thriiiifffftt shoooppppp.   cnewman_       Continue Reading  article I'm Ra, your RA by Mike Trapp on August 27, 2013 Alright, everyone, thanks for coming to the first meeting for 2nd Floor McCullen Hall! Yay! I'm your RA. My name is Amun-Ra, but you can just call me Ra 'cause I'm chill like that. Let's break the ice with a little "Two Truths and a Lie." We'll say two true things about ourselves and one lie, and it's up to you to guess which one is not true. Got it? Okay. 1) I brought forth everything in creation by saying its secret name, 2) I have a falcon for a head, and 3) I'm lactose intolerant. What do you guys think... Wrong! It's the second one. I have a falcon's HEAD for a head, not a whole falcon. That would look stupid. That's also a lesson about language. We all need to be sure that we choose our words carefully and keep communication open. That way we'll all avoid conflicts. Also, avoid using "angry" words like "stupid" in public spaces. That was my bad, there. But that's also a lesson about me. Sometimes I make mistakes too. I'm a student just like you! I also just happen to have some administrative disciplinary powers, and the power of flight. And the power to create and destroy with a word. Continue Reading  picture Miley Cyrus and Hank Hill Have the Same Butt via DrStrangeFate August 27, 2013 Zoom + That girl ain't right.  View Picture  article 15 Hottest Sideboobs at the VMA's by Will Stephen on August 27, 2013 The stars were out last night at the MTV Video Music Awards. But you know what else was out? The sides of them tigs. Sure, we got some awesome performances from the likes of Drake, Lady Gaga, and Macklemore. But the real star of the show was the Grade-A sideboobage on the red carpet. So let's skip the formalities and get to the good stuff, shall we?   15. Miley Cyrus Continue Reading  article 10 Brain Teasers for New College Students by CharlieLaud on August 27, 2013   Continue Reading  article Your Guide to Understanding College A Cappella by Dan Abromowitz on August 26, 2013 Anthony Ricci / Shutterstock.com Though a fun, and rewarding part of the collegiate experience, college a cappella can be a nightmare of nuance for the uninformed student. Even choosing which groups to audition for can be its own ordeal if you're not sure what to look for. Here are some hot insider tips that'll put you on the fast track to instrument-free success:   Often, groups will run open houses or meet-and-greets before auditions, and if you can successfully pretend to be a member of the group, there is no state or federal law requiring you to ever stop. Every group has its own traditions, like signature songs, year-end beach trips, drowning a freshman, or drowning a couple of freshmen. Plan to be drowned. Any group that performs in goofy hats or sings a semi-ironic rendition of Mulan's "I'll Make A Man Out Of You" is an absolute wellspring of fun and creativity and should be pursued relentlessly. Continue Reading  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8  146   Stalk Us Facebook Twitter Tumblr Youtube  Follow @CollegeHumor  Hall of Fame video Music Videos  +2,000,000 views Mitt Romney Style (Gangnam Style Parody) video Sketch  +2,000,000 views Siri Argument video  +1,000,000 views Panhandler Pranks Entire Subway Car CollegeHumor Originals Jake and Amir Shorts Troopers Hardly Working Very Mary-Kate Dinosaur Office Batman Bleep Bloop precious plum See All Series  Best Around the Web Transform yourself in 15 mins 1 Drunk vs. Stoned 2 Thrustify! 3 Your nipple tassels are on fire! 4 Stop crying Kim... 5 Old McDonald went insane... 6 We're lucky to be alive 7 Mother Mcree's Uptown Jug Champions?! 8 Family Guy Game of Thrones 9 Tired of being fat and ugly? 10 See All Best Around the Web  Features Newsletter Enter your email to get the best videos, pictures and articles right in your inbox. Like magic. Submit Upload Get Internet Famous Picture Gallery Video Article uPICK CollegeHumor Funny Videos  Funny Pictures  Funny Articles CH Media  Jest  Dorkly  Jake and Amir  Bleep Bloop  Hardly Working About  Site Map  Site Index  Advertise  Jobs Contact  Mobile RSS: Videos  Pictures  Articles  Originals Back to Top  2013 Connected Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy  Terms  Conditions Brought to you by CollegeHumor.  