 Skip to main content  AOL MAIL You might also like: Autoblog , Autoblog Green , Translogic and More AOL Autos Main New Cars Research Cars ChooseControl Free Price Quotes Best Deals Car Finder Find Inventory Dealer Directory Compare Cars Owner Reviews Available Incentives Financing Used Cars Used Car Search Certified Pre-Owned Kelley Blue Book Values Owner Reviews Vehicle History Reports Ownership  Repair Get a Repair Estimate Repair Shop Directory Dealer Directory Do It Yourself Tips Auto Insurance Recall Center My Wheels Sell Sell Your Car Kelley Blue Book Values Technology All Car Technology Technology Award Translogic Techsplanations Audio  Infotainment Articles  Videos All Articles All Photo Galleries Auto Topics Autoblog Autoblog Green Auto Videos AOL Autos Giveaway Car Safety Send Feedback You are here: Cars > Articles > Auto Repair Parts Auto Repair Parts Rebuilt, Remanufactured or Used Parts Posted: Aug 18, 2008 |By: Tom Torbjornsen 0 Comments A A A Share Email This Google + Rebuilt, Remanufactured or Used Parts ... Which Do I Use? You're faced with a major auto repair such as an engine, transmission, or differential replacement. Your service provider asks you, "Do you want rebuilt, remanufactured, or used parts?" The price differences are significant. To make an educated decision, you first need to know how these three solutions to the same problem compare. And secondly, which one is best for your situation? First, let's identify the differences between these three choices. Rebuilt Parts If you choose rebuilt parts, the rebuilder will use your vehicle's old part and replace just the worn components. If your vehicle's old part cannot be rebuilt because it is too worn, he/she will use a part from another vehicle (referred to as a 'core'). If a core is used, than he will replace only what is needed in the core. For example, if an engine is rebuilt, maybe just the bearings and piston rings need replacing (the original crankshaft, pistons, and connecting rods would be used). This approach, in lieu of using new or remanufactured parts, usually saves the customer money. There's just one glitch. Mechanical wear is relative. Before rebuilding, all of the components within the unit are equally worn. After rebuilding, some of the components are new, and some are 'used.' Although the 'used' components still function and do not need replacing, they are worn to some degree. Such factors as heat stress and cracks, as well as other factors, cause wear that is invisible to the human eye. Consequently, other problems could crop up later, resulting in premature failure of the ' repair .' Remanufactured Parts What is a remanufactured part? The term remanufactured usually (not always) refers to a part that, for all practicable purposes, has been completely remanufactured to the standard of a new part. Using a remanufactured engine as an example, mechanical tolerances have been restored either by re-machining, or by installing the necessary mechanical inserts to restore original mechanical tolerances. Either way, the engine meets the standard for OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) tolerances, durability, and quality. New pistons, connecting rods, rings, bearings, camshafts, lifters, and oil pump are installed. All related bearing surfaces are restored, and the upper half of the engine, such as the cylinder heads, are rebuilt. Usually the only component from the old engine that is used is the body (or casting, usually referred to as a 'core'). And this part is only used if it is in top-notch condition, to assure longevity of the service. These same rules apply to other remanufactured auto parts , whatever they may be. You will find that remanufactured auto parts usually carry a longer and stronger warranty , covering parts and labor for longer periods of time, compared to rebuild parts. Used Parts What about used auto parts? Let me start with a well known Latin expression, "Caveat Emptor." Translation? "Let the buyer beware." YES, used auto parts have their place in auto repair. And NO, I am not discouraging the use of used parts. BUT, be careful when buying them! When selecting a salvage yard from which to purchase used auto parts, look the place over! Is it clean and well organized? Are the parts in order and sheltered from the environment? (Too many times I have seen delicate electrical components laying out in the weather and then picked up off the ground and sold to an unsuspecting customer.) What kind of cars does the salvage yard have in its inventory? Late model, import, or old clunkers? There's nothing wrong with a good mix of all of the above. However, if the yard is loaded with outdated rust buckets, move on! There are many respected salvage yards that take pride in their businesses and in serving their valued customers. And be especially careful when buying certain used auto parts, specifically engines, transmissions, differentials, hydraulic units, and electrical parts. They are subject to the environment and can rust and wear away internally where you can't see it. Look for a salvage yard that has an organized dry storage building on the premises, with everything neatly stacked and categorized. In addition, I like to see an up-to-date computer system used to cross reference parts. And I also like to see the salvage yard connected to a network of salvage yards via computer across either the region or nation. This is especially helpful if you need a hard-to-find part for a particular year, make, and model. In selecting used parts, ask about the warranty and the return policy. Also, watch the way in which the part(s) is removed from the vehicle. I've seen yard attendants use oxygen-acetylene torches to remove parts that should have been removed with wrenches and hand tools. I've also seen yard attendants use forklift trucks to carry parts across yards, and then drop them in front of the facility, denting and/or damaging the part. Am I condemning salvage yards? No, just the 'chop shops.' Ask around, you'll find out who they are. So what should you use? Rebuilt parts, remanufactured parts, or used parts? When selecting auto parts for an effective auto repair, first determine exactly what plan you have in mind for your vehicle. To keep it long term? Mid term? Or to "get by" until next spring when you replace it? For most of us who do not work on our own vehicles, it is our service advisor's job to determine what we need based on our plan for the vehicle. Our responsibility lies in communicating this information! Only then can he/she find the right parts for an effective repair based on our budget, needs, and goals. When I was a service manager, I always asked my customers a lot of questions. Who drives the car? How often? Will the car be expected to make long trips frequently or periodically? Is it your son or daughter's car and are they going to college? All these factors come into play to help you make a wise repair decision. So make sure that you have a trusted advisor leading you through such significant repair decisions and ... 'Til next time ... Keep Rollin' Check out Our Autos Repair Blog and Read More from Tom: - AOL Autos Repair Blog - Car Air Conditioning 101 - Synthetic Motor Oil: Should You Use It? Filed under: Car Care , Car Repair Q  AOL Autos accepts vehicle loans from auto manufacturers with a tank of gas and sometimes insurance for the purpose of evaluation and editorial content. Like most of the auto news industry, we also sometimes accept travel, lodging and event access for vehicle drive and news coverage opportunities. Our opinions and criticism remain our own – we do not accept sponsored editorial. More Auto News Tips For Avoiding An Overheating Engine Your car is doing a lot of work under that summer sun. If you don't treat it properly and know how to handle an overheating engine your car can turn from a prized possession and daily commuter into... Read More Mechanics Selling Customers' Cars Illegally Normally a mechanic can put a lien on a car for failure to pay for a repair and then sell that car if the cost isn't paid off within a certain amount of time. Some shady mechanics are using liens to... Read More Dirty Parts Scam Mechanics Use To Make Big Bucks You go to a mechanic to investigate a weird rattling sound, and suddenly the repair costs are stacking up for problems and replacement parts you never knew existed. Do you trust the knowledge and... Read More Women Often Overcharged By Car Mechanics, Report Shows ABC's new show 'The Lookout' turned their hidden cameras on shady mechanics and found overcharging, lying about problems and even causing problems at both local and national chain repair shops. Read More The Most And Least Expensive States For Car Repair There are plenty of merits to living on the East Coast. Nice beaches, great cities, good food. But when it comes to car repairs, you're better off being almost anywhere else in the country. Read More Quick Shopping Tools: Research New Vehicles Cars for Sale in Your Area Follow Us On Twitter Friend Us On Facebook Add a Comment Sign in  Add a Comment Type your comment here *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Submit 4 4 Comments Filter by: Newest Oldest youngnc2000 Hi, I have a 1993 Chrysler Concord that supposedly needs a new transmossion. I was quoted a price of 3800.00 for this. Is this a rip-off or is it real ?? December 16 2011 at 4:55 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply wdws156 I have a 2005 Mazda C6 with 108,plus thousand miles. Afraid to start. Sounds like it's about to blow-up. What is my best option? Find junkyard engine and replace? Find a rebuilt engine? Have it repaired ? Approximate cost of each way??? wdws156@aol.com June 06 2011 at 11:23 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply aharvey112 Type your own comment here. December 10 2010 at 11:18 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply aharvey112 I need the price of a radiator for a 1999 Volvo S80 with a 2.9 engine December 10 2010 at 11:17 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  ABUSE REPORT From: Your Comment: Send Report Cancel Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS Newsletter Latest Auto News Study: The safest driving cities in America listed for 2013 Official: Nissan promising autonomous car production by 2020 Followup: NHTSA upgrades Corvette headlight investigation Report: Quartet of classic Chevys stolen during Monterey week Read This: Chrysler 'at war' with world's largest Viper club? New Jersey rejects 'ATHEIST' vanity plate for being offensive Video: Dirt track driver escapes fiery wreck, finishes fifth More Autos News  Great Auto Loan Rates Low Rates on New and Used Autos Presented By Apply In One Easy Step  Research A New Car Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo  Find A Used Car Research, Buy and Sell Used Cars!   FIND A GREAT USED CAR Just Say - SHOW ME THE CARFAX Powered by Have VIN? Go  News From Our Automotive Partners  NHTSA Expands Chevrolet Corvette Headlight Investigation Mazda Expands SkyActiv Engine Production Cadillac Vsport to Claim Up to 15 Percent of XTS Sales More Stories   2014 Toyota Corolla First Drive New Nissan Z Car, Code-Named Z35, in Pipeline World's Greatest Drag Race 3! 2013 Motor Trend's Best Driver's Car More Stories   2014 Ford C-Max 2014 Ford Edge 2014 Ford Escape 2014 Ford E-Series More Stories   Hyundai Gets Sued for 40 MPG Failure Ford Challenges Toyota Prius v with All-New C-Max How Luxury Carmakes Have Made Concierge Services a Battlefield How China Helps Expand Cadillac, Acura, Lexus, and Audi's Rear Row Seating More Stories  AOL Autos Send Feedback Auto repair parts can be confusing, especially when faced with remanufactured, rebuilt or used parts for your car. Some can save you time, but will they save you hassle? Learn Car Finder Best New Cars Compare Vehicles Article Archive Site Map Buy Calculators Cars for Sale Kelley Blue Book Free Price Quotes Auto Loans Own My Wheels Owner Reviews Auto Repair Insurance Automotive Technology Drive Cheap Gas Prices Rental Cars Road Trips Safety Traffic Reports Hot Rides 2015 Mustang Porsche Macan BMW i3 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel BMW 4 Series More Auto News Autoblog AutoblogGreen DailyFinance Autos Engadget Transportation TRANSLOGIC  Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Our Ads Trademarks AOL Downloads Help AOL A-Z  2013 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved. 