 Don't settle for inferior auto shop tools  repair equipment at outrageous prices! Wouldn't you prefer automotive tools, service and garage equipment that could help you save money and increase productivity - without costing you an arm and a leg? ATTN: AUTO SHOP OWNERS  SERVICE MANAGERS - Automotive equipment, car lifts, motorcycle lifts, air compressors, welders and auto shop equipment! If you're serious about saving money and increasing your auto shop's bottom line, click on the automotive garage equipment links to the left! Check out our product line - car lifts by BendPak, Workhorse and Dannmar, and automotive lifts of all kinds, air compressors by BelAire, jump starters by Jump N Carry, battery chargers by Schumacher, welders from Lincoln, parts washers from KleenTec, tool cabinets and tool chests from Waterloo, hydraulic floor jacks from Hein Werner, transmission jacks by Omega, motorcycle lifts from Ranger, tire changers from Ranger, exhaust tube benders from Bend Pak  much, much more.... These products are perfect for enhancing your automobile repair shop's efficiency - (HINT.... TIME = $$$$$)! CLICK ON THE LINKS BELOW TO VIEW MORE ABOUT: A/C SERVICE EQUIPMENT AIR COMPRESSORS AIR TOOLS ALIGNMENT MACHINES ANTIFREEZE RECYCLING UNITS AUTO LIFTS BATTERY CHARGERS BRAKE LATHES COOLANT SYSTEM FLUSHING UNITS ENGINE STANDS EXHAUST VENT SYSTEM JACKS JACK STANDS JUMP STARTERS LIFTS NITROGEN TIRE FILLER OIL FILTER CRUSHER PAINT GUN WASHER PARTS WASHERS PLASMA CUTTERS PRESSES SHOP COOLING FANS SHOP EQUIPMENT SHOP CRANES SMOKE MACHINE LEAK DETECTOR TIRE CHANGERS TOOL STORAGE TRANSMISSION FLUSHER TRANSMISSION JACKS TUBING BENDERS WELDERS WHEEL BALANCERS WHEEL DOLLY Sitemap AND JUST TRY TO FIND BETTER PRICES! BOOKMARK THIS PAGE NOW! OUTRAGEOUS!!! - That's what we said when we checked out our competition's prices. We couldn't believe how overpriced they were and some of the inferior car lifts  garage equipment they carried. We are very aggressive with our prices because we want your business. That doesn't mean we sacrifice customer service. Our goal is 100% customer satisfaction. Some of the reasons we're able to offer you such fantastic prices on quality automotive equipment, and tools is our relationship with various manufacturers and our cost containment measures. Without these efforts, we would be just another overpriced automobile service equipment supplier! GREAT AUTOMOTIVE SHOP EQUIPMENT AT GREAT PRICES - GET THE BEST FOR LESS! Check out what our customers are saying: Thank you for the great customer service. I will recommend for all the motorheads at work to check you guys out! - Edward E. Wilson Jr. Mentor, Ohio I really appreciate your very professional, prompt and courteous response. Thank you for performing what is a rapidly diminishing art: Taking care of the customer's needs. - Emeile Winfield Jr. Springdale, MD Great service on the sale and a great product as well. Thanks for everything. I be back for more some time. - Robert Moll Waterloo, NY AUTOMOTIVE TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT FOR THE SMART SHOPPER Automotive Service Equipment www.asedeals.com Discount automotive shop garage equipment and auto repair shop tools. Why pay more? FINANCING IS AVAILABLE We accept most major credit cards. Low Prices - True low prices, not false promises! Secure Transactions - You can order by phone or on-line through our secure server. Wide Selection from only the industry's finest manufacturers. No cheap Knock-off's. Why Shop With Automotive Service Equipment? $$ Knowledgeable customer service with prompt delivery. We will not stop until you're happy! And our generous 30 day money-back guarantee* if not completely satisfied for any reason - WOW! Guaranteed Lowest Prices* - That's right - guaranteed! Believe it or not, some other sites out there have a low price guarantee that isn't a guarantee at all. One site actually says that if they can't beat the other price, they'll give you a pair of gloves! What kind of guarantee is that? Here's our guarantee - We'll beat any advertised price on the web on any item we carry. Just tell us where you found the lower price. See our TERMS page for complete details. Here's another competitor's return policy - All sales are final. We do not accept any returns. These guys claim to have been around for 25 years. We can't imagine how with a return policy like that. This is what you can expect when you deal with some of these so-called Bargain no-name automotive equipment suppliers out there. Listen, you'll get no gimmicks or tricks here at Automotive Service Equipment. Just great prices, great quality, great service and our never-ending desire to make you happy. We also now process virtual check orders! HOT PRODUCTS - Check out some of our most popular products below. This hot ATV / motorcycle lift from Ranger is gaining huge interest from our customers. And why not? You won't find anything in it's price range that's even close in quality and features. Just another reason why Automotive Service Equipment is the favorite automotive equipment supplier for so many auto shops and home hobbyists. CLICK HERE to check out our motorcycle lifts It's the Hottest and most popular car lift ever built. And nobody has a better deal on it. CLICK HERE to view this hot garage lift BLOW-OUT AUTOMOTIVE LIFT SALE! SAVE MONEY AND TIME! I would just like to say it has been a pleasure doing business with your company. The customer service, quality of product and prices just can't be matched. - Thanks, Tim Ramsey Charlotte, NC 28216 Bel-Aire Air Compressors . No one manufactures more, and no one makes them better. And nobody carries them for less! CLICK HERE to see our air compressors WANT A CATALOG? - CLICK HERE Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it. - Thomas Paine Never Forget 09/11/01 Our resolve is stronger than ever. America's choice for automotive lifts, car lifts, motorcycle lifts, air compressors, welders and auto shop equipment . Power like no other! Now is the time to order a jump starter. We have them all - from the large, heavy duty wheeled units, to the portable but powerful hand-held battery booster packs. Click here to see our car battery jump starters  Why lug around a heavy floor jack?! This is one of our most popular items. The lightweight aluminum racing jack by Ranger. Click here to see our aluminum jack BENDPAK FOUR POST CAR LIFT SALE! Don't wait! Now is the time to get a BendPak 4 post lift for your home garage. Don't let this chance get by. Prices will be going up soon. Click here to view our four post lifts To start saving money and increase your shop's profits - CONTACT US NOW! Automotive Service Equipment Get the best - for less! CLICK HERE TO REQUEST A CATALOG OR MORE INFORMATION Phone: 800-229-6218 or 860-626-9633 Fax: 419-831-0245 CLICK HERE TO EMAIL: contact@asedeals.com  EXCLUSIVE: ONLY FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO SAVE SOME SERIOU$ MONEY!  - CLICK HERE TO RECEIVE MONTHLY EMAILS OF OUR SPECIAL DEALS! or just give us your feedback Our monthly special deals are available exclusively to subscribers! Don't miss out - sign up now! Your email address will be kept confidential and you won't receive mass emaiings from us. America's choice for automotive lifts, car lifts, motorcycle lifts, air compressors, welders and auto shop equipment  Some of our best and most popular models are combined to offer you some of our best deals ever. Cl ick here to view our tire changer wheel balancer combo packages If you are looking for a car lift, tire changer or other automotive repair tools, give the experts a call. asedeals.com Call us now! 800-229-6218 Questions to ask when purchasing a vehicle lift - Why Choose a BendPak car lift? - Tips for buying vehicle lifts - Bend Pak automotive lifts offer quality - Buy rugged quality tool boxes - Find a quality tool cabinet at ASE Deals - Find a quality truck lift at ASE Deals - Gain peace of mind with jump starters - Get great deals on battery chargers - Get professional help when buying an automotive lift - Get quality with bend pak lifts - Get the best deals on tire changers - High quality Mig welder systems - Lincoln welder at ASE Deals - Purchase quality motorcycle lifts - Purchasing safe garage lifts - Save money on air compressors at ASE Deals - Save money on your auto lift - Save on car lifts - Save on high quality plasma cutters - How to choose a parts cleaner - What Size and Type Air Compressor Do I Need - How to Choose a Mig Welder or Plasma Cutter - Save space and money with a vehicle lift - Get the Bend Pak lift you need at ASE Deals  NEED FINANCING? - CLICK HERE BLOW-OUT AUTO LIFT SALE * - See our TERMS page for terms and conditions. HOME / PRODUCTS / ABOUT US / CONTACT US / CAR LIFT BLOG / TERMS ORDER STATUS / ORDER FORM / SITE SEARCH / REQUEST CATALOG AUTOMOTIVE LIFTS / TRUCK LIFTS / AIR COMPRESSORS / JACKS BATTERY CHARGERS / JUMP STARTERS / PARTS WASHERS / WELDERS / PLASMA CUTTERS WHEEL SERVICE / TOOL BOXES / TUBE BENDERS / SHOP EQUIPMENT Automotive Service Equipment 379 Cardinal Circle Torrington, CT 06790 800-229-6218 Like us on FACEBOOK Follow us on Twitter  We carry an extensive line of automotive equipment. We selected the finest manufacturers with a reputation for quality and value. Here's a pointer for you - choose a hoist model that is ALI Certified for the best quality and most reliable choice. You can be certain that when you purchase an ALI Certified lift, you've bought a lift that meets, or exceeds the highest quality and safety standards, and that Car Lifts - we offer lifts of all types and sizes from the top names in the industry. We have two post lifts from 7,000 lb. all the way up to 18,000 lbs. Clear floor and floor plate models are available. Both symmetric and asymmetric lifts are offered. The most popular style is our four post lifts . That's because they can be used for service as well as storage. 4 post lifts are available all the way up to a whopping 40,000 lb capacity for heavy trucks. Many home car enthusiasts choose a four post lift to not only service their car, but also to store one over another. This helps save on garage floor space, and is cheaper than adding onto your garage. There are many other types of parking lifts available that you can view by going to our main lifts page, such as single post and double wide parking lifts. You will also find many other types of service lifts, such as scissor lifts . Some scissor lifts are portable, while some must be mounted to the floor. Some raise to a full rise height of 70 inches, while others only raise to a height of 48 inches. There are fully open center pit lifts, which are perfect for lube centers, and other low rise options available as well. Alignment racks are always popular with auto shop owners because of the ability to offer a lucrative service that not every auto shop offers. We've got any type of alignment lift you need, from four post, to scissor alignment racks. Manufactures include the premium brand BendPak , along with other commercial quality brands like Dannmar and Workhorse. Air Compressors - You don't have to search far for a quality, Made in the USA air compressor . We carry one of the nation's largest manufactures of compressors in BelAire, along with others like CAS and Bend Pak. Reciprocating two stage electric compressors are the most popular with auto shop technicians. For those looking for a quiet option, check out the Rotary screw compressor choices. We also carry gas engine compressors. These are great for service vehicles that will be out on the road without access to electricity. Motors would be by Honda and Kohler. Tire Changers and Wheel Balancers - If you need a tire changer, odds are, we've got one that meets your needs, as well as your budget. Economy models are available for start-ups, all the way up to high performance, the touch-less tire changer for those expensive, but ever popular low profile and run-flat tires. Computer wheel balancers are a must if you are getting a tire machine. You'll find a wide selection of accurate models to choose from here. You'll even find models for heavy truck wheels, as well as motorcycle tires. Manufacturers include Corghi, Ranger and Workhorse. Parts Washers - There are many fine options for parts cleaners . The conventional choice is a drum mount, solvent based cleaner. There are also sink basin type units that allow your parts to soak, making cleaning easier. There are agitated models too. These models with do a lot of the work for you, so that you can do other, more productive things while you are waiting for the parts to clean. There are the hot spray wash cabinets as well. These are very popular for transmission, carburetor and engine block cleaning. More recently, water based parts washers have become all the rage. And for good reason. They clean effectively, given a good detergent, along with the introduction of heat. These models will have a heating element. Don't get a water based unit that doesn't offer heat. It just won't clean as effective as a solvent based model. We carry several brands for parts washers - Ranger, KleenTec, and Fountain. Floor Jacks and Transmission Jacks - One of the most popular items we carry are hydraulic floor jacks . They are a staple with any auto shop or home garage. The choices are almost endless here. We carry only commercial quality hydraulic jacks. No throw - away's and no consumer quality jacks. Only jacks that are made for true commercial garage use. Day in and day out. With seals that will last. Another requirement of any jack we carry is that it must be rebuildable. If we can't get parts for it, we won't carry it. It's that simple. We've got car jacks and truck jacks, full hydraulic or air jacks too. Manufacturers include Ranger, AFF, Omega, Zinko, Hein Werner and Compac. Welders and Plasma Cutters - If ever there were a product category that we recommend you stick with a brand with a good reputation, it's welders and plasma cutters. We've seen some truly poor quality stuff come down the pipeline over the years. Try to stick with a brand that has a long history and solid reputation. We carry arc, tig and mig welders along with plasma cutters from top brands like Lincoln and Thermal Dynamics. Battery Chargers and Jump Starters - When selecting a car battery jump starter , you want to make sure you get a model with enough power. Nothing else is more important than that. All the little accessories that you find on the cheap consumer models that you find out on the market today won't get your car started. Power will. That's why we carry only professional battery booster packs by such respected manufacturers as Jump N Carry and Booster Pac. Battery charger choices include top brands like Schumacher and Solar. These guys have been around for decades, doing what they do best - manufacturing professional quality equipment at reasonable prices. Give us a call at 860-626-9633 if you have a question about a piece of equipment, or if you can't find what you're looking for. we'll point you in the right direction. Our staff has years of experience and we won't just try to sell you what we have, or the most expensive product. We'll set you up with the product that's right for you. 