  Turn autoplay off Turn autoplay on Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off Jump to content [s] Jump to comments [c] Jump to site navigation [0] Jump to search [4] Terms and conditions [8] Edition: UK US AU Your activity Email subscriptions Account details Linked services Profile Mobile About us About us Contact us Press office Terms of service Privacy policy Subscribe Guardian iPhone iPad edition Kindle Guardian Weekly Digital edition News US World Sports Comment Culture Business Money Environment Science Travel Tech Media Life  style Data Culture Books  Arts Council funding for literature rises 9.9% amid the cuts While avoiding overall cutbacks, there were still clear winners and losers with some gaining at the expense of others Share Tweet this Email Benedicte Page theguardian.com , Thursday 31 March 2011 11.35 EDT Jump to comments (  ) Part of the celebrations for the Poetry Day centenary in 2009. While the organisers of that event, the Poetry Society, will continue to receive Arts Council funding, other literary groups will miss out. Photograph: Sarah Lee for the Guardian Literature has fared best in the new Arts Council England budget, with spending set to increase by nearly 10% while all other fields see cutbacks. According to the Arts Council figures, spending on literature will rise 9.9% in real terms, from £5.9m in 2010-11 to £7.2m in 2014/15. This comes while music suffers an 11.4% loss in real terms over the three-year period, with theatre cut by 10.9%, dance by 7.7%, the visual arts 7.2% and multi-arts forms 2.6%. But there are clear winners and losers, with the Arts Council looking to promote some literature organisations at the expense of others. Among the winners are the Ilkley Literature Festival , seeing a real terms rise of over 150%, and English PEN , up 190%, together with 11 organisations, including the Ministry of Stories and Comma Press , now funded for the first time. On the losing side are the 16 organisations who have lost all funding, including publisher Ayebia and the Poetry Book Society .The total number of literature organisations receiving Arts Council funding has fallen from 59 to 53. Rachel Feldberg, director of the Ilkley Literature Festival, said she felt acutely torn between delight at her own "hugely fortunate" result and despair for Yorkshire colleagues such as Wordquake , and publishers ARC and Primary Colours , from whom all Arts Council funding has been withdrawn. "It's exciting for us but for our colleagues the outlook may be bleak," she said. The increased funding will enable the festival to continue and expand projects including work with young people in Leeds and Bradford schools. Eric Lane of Dedalus , which will see a 35.4% increase in its core funding, said fiction had been less badly affected than had been anticipated. "We had assessments in 2010 where Arts Council England said that in future maybe fiction wouldn't be funded at all," he said. "If you were a fiction publisher and you listened to the mood music , you were prepared for a very hard time." But Lane warned that his funding increase should be considered in the context of individual translation grants being discontinued. "What you get in your core grant is now everything, so in one way our funding's gone down," he said. At the Poetry Book Society (PBS), director Chris Holifield said the organisation was stunned by the decision to cut its funding. "We will try to find a way for the PBS to survive but its future must now be in doubt, and the poetry world and especially poetry readers will be the losers," she said, adding that it was ironic that an organisation set up by the Arts Council had its future undermined by the same organisation. Arts Council spokesperson Louise Wylie said: "We're moving towards supporting new writers, and those at the beginning and middle of their career, and overall it's about a wider reach. All organisations [with regularly funded status] will be those who reach more people." Wylie said the Poetry Book Society's loss was unfortunate, but added: "We are supporting other organisations such as the Poetry Society and the Poetry School , who reach more people. The Poetry Book Society's membership is very static." She added: "We do want a conversation about how we can support the TS Eliot prize [awarded by the Poetry Book Society] going forward." The Arts Council was criticised for the way it implemented the last round of funding cuts, but has had praise in some quarters for its handling of the process this time around. Feldberg said: "The process has been much more transparent and it felt as though we were all on one team." Lane said: "The Arts Council has learned from 2008 and for that they must receive some credit." Winners and losers Literature organisations entering the Arts Council portfolio: The Ministry of Stories The Children's Bookshow Poet in the City Forward Arts Foundation Faber  Faber Children's Discovery Centre, East London Writing on the Wall Comma Press Cyprus Well Writing West Midlands The Writing Squad ... and those losing out The Poetry Trust Poetry Book Society Independent Publishers Guild Enitharmon Press Children's Discovery Centre Flambard Press The Windows Project Litfest Circle of Literary Friends, Merseyside Ayebia Writers in Prison Network Wordquake Primary Colours National Association of Writers in Education National Association for Literature Development Arc Publications Sign up for the Guardian Today Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Sign up for the daily email Get the Guardian's daily US email Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox each morning. Enter your email address to subscribe. Sign up for the daily email Sign up now Get the Guardian's daily Australia email Our editors' picks for the day's top news and commentary delivered to your inbox every weekday. Sign up for the daily email Print this Share Contact us Send to a friend Senders name Recipient's email address Your IP address will be logged Share Short link for this page: http://gu.com/p/2z63g StumbleUpon reddit Tumblr Digg LinkedIn Google Bookmarks del.icio.us livejournal Facebook Twitter Contact us  Contact the Books team books@theguardian.com  Report errors or inaccuracies: userhelp@theguardian.com Letters for publication should be sent to: letters@theguardian.com If you need help using the site: userhelp@theguardian.com Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000 Advertising guide License/buy our content Article history About this article Arts Council funding for literature rises 9.9% amid the cuts This article was published on the Guardian website at 11.35 EDT on Thursday 31 March 2011 . It was last modified at 20.31 EDT on Thursday 11 July 2013 . Books Culture Arts funding  Arts Council England UK news More news Share Tweet this Email Comments Click here to join the discussion . We can't load the discussion on theguardian.com because you don't have JavaScript enabled . Books Best short story collection summer read: Search Party Valerie Trueblood's memorable and textured stories don't take long to read – but they linger long after you've finished them Books Best murder mystery summer read: Crime of Privilege by Walter Walker This is exactly the story you want to read in the middle of August: a whodunit set amid the lives of the rich and famous More from Guardian US summer reads On Books Most viewed Latest Last 24 hours 1. Not the Booker prize 2013: Life After Life by Kate Atkinson 2. Ten rules for writing fiction 3. Margaret Atwood: 'I have a big following among the biogeeks. "Finally! Someone understands us!"' 4. JD Salinger: authors claim posthumous works are on the way 5. The 100 greatest novels of all time: The list More most viewed Last 24 hours 1. Ruth Rendell, novelist – portrait of the artist 2. Tips, links and suggestions: What are you reading, today? 3. Tasha Harrison on self publishing: 'I was sick of rejection' 4. Not the Booker prize 2013: Life After Life by Kate Atkinson 5. Acclaimed anti-war manga earns reprieve in Japan All todays stories  Today's best video  Kerry: Syria must be held accountable   US secretary of state John Kerry condemns the use of chemical weapons in Syria Remote voting begins in Australia   The 220 registered voters of Warruwi cast some of the first votes in the Australian election Carnival: police officers hold dance-off   Crowds at the Notting Hill carnival cheer as three uniformed police officers stage a dance battle Pires spotted at Greek football match   Ex-Arsenal player Robert Pires scores in a Greek friendly after he is spotted in the stands On the Guardian today World news Syria crisis: warplanes spotted in Cyprus as tensions rise in Damascus World news Bubonic plague outbreak feared in central Asia Music Miley Cyrus criticised for raunchy MTV Video Music Awards performance World news Iran warns west against military intervention in Syria World news White House: possible action on Syria 'not about regime change' – live Football Tuesday 27 August transfer news latest – as it happened  Latest reviews Inventing the Enemy: Essays onEverything by Umberto Eco – review Nicholas Lezard's paperback of the week: In his latest collection, Eco is as comfortable in the middle ages as writing about WikiLeaks Best short story collection summer read: Search Party Noble Endeavours by Miranda Seymour – review Burial Rites by Hannah Kent – review No Place to Call Home by Katharine Quarmby – review More books reviews Sponsored feature  Today in pictures  BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures   Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot   A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures   Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia Hot topics Book news Book reviews Children's books The Guardian Books Podcast Edinburgh International Book Festival License/buy our content | Privacy policy | Terms of service | US advertising | A - Z index | About us  2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. Close notifications (beta)  Share Tweet this   ;   