  Abarth Alfa Romeo AMG Audi Austin Bentley BMW Caterham Chevrolet Citroen Corvette Ferrari Ford Honda Jaguar Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lotus March Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz Mercedez Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Peugeot Pontiac Porsche Renault Rover Saab Seat Skoda Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Triumph TVR Vauxhall Volkswagen Home Journals Features About Us Become a Contributor Help Login Newsletter  Remember me Forgot your password?  Enter your email above to reset your password. BMW M Coupe by Julian Munford Oxfordshire, United Kingdom Go to profile page LOG BOOK Date Acquired: 27 May 2005 Year: 1999 Cost: £17,500 Fuel consumption: 20 mpg Odometer: 81,000 Servicing: £200 Annual Insurance: £900 Other costs: Other Entries: 6: I want Candy 5: Off to meet the Stig 4: 20,000 miles later 3: Summer's gone 2: One year on 1: Hardcore Battle of the M's Entry number: 7 Added: 15/02/09 As many of you may know working in an office isn’t usually the height of excitement. So getting a phone call from our very own Mr Yu offering me the chance to join in an Evo magazine group test was a totally unexpected and welcome delight! A few days later after an email or two to get the arrangements sorted and some hastily booked time off I found myself heading down the M4, beaming moronically, on my way to Cymru. The reason Evo magazine had invited me was that in order to celebrate the launch of the E92 M3 they had planned an ultimate M car shootout. This involved one of each and every M car being compared to the new M3 to see whether it really was the best of the bunch. So that meant there were thirteen cars in total involved in the shoot, the new M3 and its twelve M Power-ed siblings: M1 E28 M5 E30 M3 E34 M5 E36 M3 My Coupe E39 M5 E46 M3 CSL E60 M5 E46 M3 CS E63 M6 E46 Z4M Coupe All the current production cars (the new M5, M6 and Z4M) had been lent by BMW UK along with the E92 M3 and the rest had been brought along by their owners. The M1 arrived in an anonymous looking trailer being pulled by a truck with the E36 M3 on it. Apparently the M1 had been freshly purchased from Munich Legends by a reclusive American millionaire for a six figure sum then lent to Evo before he had even driven it. The E36 M3 was from ML's own stock and was awaiting a buyer. This meant that there were four journalists; Henry Catchpole, John Barker, John Hayman and David Vivian, seven owners and two photographers. We all met up very early on a staggeringly clear day in the town of Abergavenny with everyone looking at each other's cars asking all sorts of questions with the drivers all feeling pretty chuffed to be there. We set off in a simply unbelievable M car convoy heading for the Welsh mountains. This alone was an experience in itself, with each owner keen to prove their car was as fast as the rest, the pace was brisk, though of course law abiding. The convoy attracted a lot of attention from other motorists and pedestrians alike with lots of friendly waves and flashing of headlights. After forty or so miles we were heading up simply sublime mountain roads with the sound of straight sixes, V10's and race-tuned 4pots reverberating off the mountain sides. If there's a better way to spend a Wednesday morning I haven't found it yet. We arrived at the predetermined car park and were split into two packs: one sent further up the mountain with one of the photographers, one sent back down with the other. I was in the pack sent further up the mountain and had the E28 M5, E39 M5, E46 M3CS and the new M6 for company. Viewing the original M5 and my personal favourite version, the E39, next to each other, the family lineage was obvious and it was genuinely intriguing to see how the design had moved on over the years. However the M6 stole the spotlight, it is a beast. Much bigger in person than I'd expected and simply a feat of engineering and design. Its shape is best appreciated in the flesh as I'll be the first to admit that I wasn't a fan from seeing it in magazines and on TV but when you're stood next to it, it's breathtaking. However the time for looking at the cars was later, now was time to drive them. The photographer was dispatched further up the mountain and we had to drive past for an hour or so with lights on, lights off, at high speed, low speed, windows down, windows up, etc... In the afternoon there were tracking shots to be done with my coupe being photographed with the M6 and then in a convoy with the rest of the pack. Now here's where we get to the interesting bit. In order compare each of the previous M cars to the new M3 each journalist had to drive each car and when they were driving your car you got to drive one of the new M cars. This is how I found myself in the driving seat of the new M5 on my way to a quarry somewhere in Wales. The M5 is as far removed from my car as it's possible to get whilst still being a BMW. For a start it's huge with a cavernous interior, you could park my little coupe in its boot and still have room for a set of golf bats. Secondly, whereas driving my coupe is quite a raw experience, driving the M5 feels like you're piloting the space shuttle. The coupe with its cable throttle and lack of traction control felt raw compared to the fly-by-wire, paddle shifting, V10 super computer-equipped M5. This however is not wholly a good thing; I found the M5 over servo-ed and over damped. The steering gave far less information to the driver than the coupe's and the brake pedal lacked feel. Even in M mode with the traction controlled backed right off, throw the M5 into a roundabout at a reckless speed and no opposite lock is required; a few lights flash and you're merrily off on your way at warp speed. This gave a feeling of being invulnerable; the normal laws of physics don't apply to you when you're at the helm of the M5. The car gains speed like nothing I'd ever driven. It rattles through its seven speed box with a motorbike like appetite for revs and is just so responsive. Pushing the M Button, you feel the car squat down into a sportier stance and there it waits for you to drop it a cog or four and floor the throttle. I can understand why there's so many computers now, pinning down all that power without them would simply be an impossible task for all but the most accomplished of drivers. At the quarry, a photo of monumental complexity was arranged that saw every M car positioned behind the new M3 and M1. I never realised just how long this type of photo took to arrange, apparently about three hours. As if my day hadn't been memorable enough I now got the chance to drive the M6. It was just as jaw-droppingly fast as the M5 but with more feel through the pedals and steering but still not enough for my insensitive tastes. On paper it's slightly more powerful than the M5 but I couldn't tell the difference, however it did have the same unrelenting acceleration as the M5 and the same stereo which I still couldn't tune in to anything other than Beacon FM. The feeling of being bullet proof returned on the first roundabout but was quickly quashed by road works and miles of tailbacks. This gave me time to play with the iDrive system; my god is it complicated! You can adjust everything and I really mean everything, if you lie awake at night worrying that your interior lights stay on for too long after you've locked the car the new BMW M cars are for you. We were soon at the hotel and discussing the days driving over a beer or two and some prime Welsh steak. Not too many beers mind, another day of driving lay ahead. In the morning we walked out to the car park and again a journalist asked to drive my coupe; in return I was handed the keys to the new Z4M. So off we went in convoy and I soon realised that the Z4M was my favourite of the cars (other than my own of course) that I had driven. It had a manual gearbox, three pedals (none of which lacked feel) and felt much more like my type of car; small, nimble and savage. I soon had it in sports mode with the windows rolled down and was just amazed by the exhaust note, those M exhaust engineers know their stuff. The Z4M's note was more exotic sounding than the clinical M5 and M6 with a more raucous tone. It may not be as fast as the M5 or M6, but given that it's a much more involving drive, it felt faster. You got the sense it was you who was in control, rather than a computer, making the drive more rewarding and, to me, much more fun. The kick in the back you get when going from redline in second to third is just addictive. Afteranother amazing journey,we again found ourselves at the top of a welsh mountain in a car park full of M cars. This time the cars were lined up in chronological order from the M1 to the Z4M. This gave me a chance to examine the M1, a true piece of automotive history. The M1 is impressive by today's standards but given this car is nearly thirty years old it must have seemed like something out of this world when it was released. Its low, purposeful stance combined with intakes in the bumper, bonnet and C pillars give an impression of its performance potential. The car is beautiful and still holds its own with the rest of the M cars. It may not be particularly fast when compared to its younger M Power-edgreat grandchildren, but in terms of noise and handling, it's still amazing. After this shoot was finished we were off to the Llandow circuit for the final shoot of the day. Yet again I was asked to swap cars with a journalist, but this time I got the closest car to my own: the E36 M3 Evolution. It was even in the same Estoril blue as my coupe. After correcting a slight problem with the manual seat I was happily on my way. The E36 was OK and I enjoyed driving it as it reminded me of my old E36 but I prefer the handling of my coupe over it any day of the week. The nose didn't turn in anything like as easily as my little coupe and it certainly doesn't have the presence. However on the motorway the sixth gear was a welcome addition over the five speed box of the coupe. At the circuit, whilst the photographers were prepping for another shoot, John Hayman was giving flying laps in the M6. I was quite underwhelmed with the amount of understeer the M6 has dialled into its chassis. When taken to the xlimit it will push out and miss the apex of a corner. Even with the traction control in its most relaxed setting, it was still cutting in and spoiling the fun. Well that was until it gave up and stopped working altogether: John 1 - technology 0! When we'd all had a passenger ride in the M6, the journalists announced the finalists for the fight with the new M3. Unfortunately my coupe didn't make it, but given that only four spaces were in the final round and everyone agreed the M1, original M3 and M3 CSL needed to be there that left one space. This went to the E39 M5, a worthy winner. Unfortunately, that meant my time with the Evo boys was at an end, so, like me, you'll have to read Evo magazine to find out the final result. I was impressed with how my coupe handled itself when compared to the other M cars, and I was even more impressed at the attention it got from the other owners, all favourable I might add. Plus I got a few tips on how to improve the handling from the journalists so I might be writing a Journal entry about a few modifications in the near future. I enjoyed the experience of driving the new M5 and M6, but remain resolute, I prefer the more interactive style of driving delivered by my car and the new Z4M. Unfortunately the small boot and general lack of storage space means that the Z4M probably won't be my next car. This leaves the E39 M5, in Estoril blue of course... Previous | Next Send to a Friend  What a view... Where it all started: the original M Car M Powered evolution Unobtrusive photography, EVO-style Comments Add Comment  Great write up. It's great to hear what it's like behind the scenes at Evo, a magazine I read a lot. Posted by: Robbie Birkhead 19/04/09 at 6:01pm BOOKMARK THIS Delicious Digg Facebook Reddit StumbleUpon Home | Journals | Features | About us | Advertisers | Report Abuse | Help | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy |2013 Auto Journals Delete 