  Italian language, culture and history   SHOP Residenti in Italia Apparel  Accessories Art  Crafts Books  eBooks Food  Gifts Movies, DVD, Download Music, CD, MP3 Toys  Games Travel  Hotels Ancestry  Genealogy Personals  Dating NEWS Italy News in English Italian-American News Prima Pagina: Ultime Notizie Cronaca Italia Notizie Mondo Notizie Politica Notizie Economia Notizie Sport Notizie Tecnologia Notizie Spettacoli Notizie Salute Notizie Societ Notizie Curiosit Notizie Gossip Notizie America Oggi Oroscopo e atrologia Meteo Italia Quotidiani, TV, Radio COMMUNITY Italian Chat rooms, dating, forums Italian Genealogy Italy Gay  Lesbian Guide Italians in the world Italian Embassies  Consulates Italia mia on Facebook Oroscopo e Astrologia TRAVEL Italy Travel Guide, articles Italy Hotel Reservations Italy Lodging, Hotels, Agriturismo Italy Travel Agencies, Tours Italy Meteo/Weather Map of Italy Currency Converter Images of Italy Videos of Italy Maps, Guides, Bags CULTURE Culture of Italy About Italy, an introduction Italian books Learn Italian with Pimsleur Learn Italian with Rosetta Stone Learn Italian with Tell Me More Transparent Language Italian Italian language Schools English-Italian Dictionary Italian Literature Videos of Italy CUISINE Italian cuisine, cookbooks News: Italian Recipes News: Italian Restaurants ART Art of Italy, articles Overview of Italian art Italian Artists Images of Italy CINEMA Italian Movies, articles Italian celebrities Italian Movie Awards MUSIC Music of Italy, CD, MP3 Italian Radio stations Italian Classical music  Opera Italian Jazz Search Free Email Privacy Contact us Related pages  websites An introduction to Italy Italian books | Libri italiani Learn Italian with Pimsleur Learn Italian with Rosetta Stone Learn Italian with Tell Me More Learn Italian with Transparent Language Italian language Schools English-Italian Dictionary Videos of Italy Italian Literature Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 Part 4 Part 5 Part 6 Part 7 Part 8 Articles Sea Gulls over Italy Italian culture links Italian Language and Culture at Pimsleur Italiano in Italia Italian translation services Wikipedia, enciclopedia libera List of Holidays in Italy Online Translator About.com Italian AEnigmatica, Settimana Enigmistica Biblioteca Letteratura Italiana Biblioteca Online IntraText Dentro lItaliano Dialetti dItalia Dizionario Italiano Educazione Emotiva Educazione Scuola Enciclopedia Treccani Eudida.it Italian Heritage and Culture Month Italian writers @Wikipedia Italy @ Britannica.com (E) Italy @ CIA factbook (E) Italy @ Infoplease.com Italy @Wikipedia History of Italy @ Italy1 I Classici della Letteratura Italiana ICON Italian Culture on the Net Italian-American Press Italianistica Italica Rai Italian American Writers Association Italian Tongue Twisters La Girandola - portale dei bambini Ministero dellIstruzione Liber Liber Biblioteca online LinguaGuide Logos (Dictionary) Ministero Beni Culturali Pianeta Scuola Sapere Smart Phrase: Italian Storia dItalia Sussidiario Italian Culture and Education Recommended Italian language books The culture of Italy  From antiquity until at least to all the 16th century, the Italian peninsula was the central place of Western culture, fulcrum or origin of universal phenomena as the Roman Empire, Roman Catholic Church, Humanism and Renaissance.  During these times, Italy produced some of the greatest painters, sculptors, poets, musicians, mathematical and architects in history.  Italian painters, sculptors, composers, and architects also dominated the Baroque art movement that began near the end of the Renaissance and ended in the 1700s.  Both the internal and external facets of Western Civilization were born on the Italian peninsula, whether one looks at the history of the Christian faith, civil institutions (like the Senate), modern astrology, philosophy, law, art, science, nuclear energy or social customs and culture.  Italy did not exist as a political state until its unification in 1861. Due to this comparatively late unification, and the historical autonomy of the regions that comprise the Italian peninsula, many traditions and customs that are now recognized as distinctly Italian can be identified by their regions of origin.  Italys contributions to the cultural and historical heritage of Europe remain immense. Italys global and international impact in politics, history, art , culture, philosophy, literature, archaeology, science, opera, cuisine, architecture, fashion, education, religion, cinema , entertainment and music remain vast up to this day.  Elements which are famous of the Italian culture are its opera and music , its iconic gastronomy and food , which is commonly regarded amongst the most popular in the world, its cinema, its collections of priceless works of art, and its fashion.  Italy is home to the greatest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites (45) to date. Read more about Culture in Italy at wikipedia.org Italy Education System  Education in Italy is free and compulsory from 6-16 years of age, and is divided into five stages: kindergarten (scuola materna), elementary school (scuola elementare), middle school (scuola media), high school (liceo) and university (universit).  Italy has a high public education standard, beating that of the UK and Germany. Italy has both public and private education systems.  Italy also boasts a large selection of universities, with the University of Bologna (founded in ca. 1088) being the oldest in the Western World, and La Sapienza University in Rome being the biggest in Italy. Read more about Education in Italy at wikipedia.org Learn Italian with Rosetta Stone Rosetta Stone V4 TOTALe: Italian Level 1-5  Set Hello, I am an Italian Language Coach for Rosetta Stone. As an instructor and also a student (currently Spanish) I can assure you that this IS the best Italian language program available right now. Learning to speak Italian quickly and with confidence requires to be fully immersed in the language, using images, spoken words and activities. The same way you learned your native language when you were a child. The best part of learning the Italian language this way is that it does not involve learning too much grammar and rules. You can spend time learning those rules later at your own pace. Right after the first few lessons you will be able to have a conversation with your coach and other students. The sessions with the coach become a new way to socialize, meet other students and share travel experiences, language tips and have fun along with it. I cannot wait to join sessions to chat with the students and enjoy a very productive and useful conversation in Italian (and Spanish as a student). Whether you want to learn a new language for a vacation in Italy or for business, I highly recommend this product without any hesitation. Read more about this product. About Italia mia Italia mia (my Italy) brings you the best of Italy, from culture and travel to the latest news from Italy, to communities to help you get in touch with other Italians and Italophiles around the world. The following web sites are designed to help you find Italian products, from books to music, movies, posters, apparel, and more.  Italiabest.com | Italymagazines.com | Italianbookstore.com | Italianposters.net | Italiamiapersonals.com | Italgay.com Become a fan on Facebook | Free email | Privacy | Contact us | Free Italian Lesson Copyright Italia mia network - Information provided by external sources should not be considered official material of Italia mia 