 Home  Arts and Entertainment  TV Tweet  Soaring Angels Angels in America on HBO by Dan Odenwald Published on December 4, 2003 , 12:00am | Comments The sheer scope and monumentality of HBO's Angelsin America will surprise few. That the production triumphs and gives newlegitimacy to television as a delivery system for high art will surprise evenfewer. That Al Pacino, MerylStreep and Emma Thompson turn in impeccable,Emmy-worthy performances will surprise fewer still. What, in the end, will astound millions of viewers is how utterly relevant, howprecisely urgent, a play about AIDS in Reagan-era America is right now, today. It is, by all accounts, an audacious project. A $60 million, six-and-a-halfhour telecast of Tony Kushner's groundbreaking drama,winner of the Tony and Pulitzer prizes, one of the most important pieces oftheater to come out of the late 20th century. Everyone wonders: will ittranslate? The opening shot of Angels in America is revelatory in its own right: the statue of a winged angel in Central Park. Her head moves, her eyes foreboding. Prepareyourself -- the messenger is coming. For gay men living in New York City in 1985, the end of the world must have appeared very near. AIDS was eatingits way through their neighborhoods. Science was helpless to stop it. AndRonald Reagan didn't seem to care. Against this backdrop, we meet Prior Walter(Justin Kirk), a young man stricken with AIDS, and his boyfriend Louis Ironson (Ben Shenkman). Devastatedby the news of his lover's impending demise, a conflicted Louis abandons Prior. Pacino and Streep Across town, a young Mormon couple struggles with its own demons. Joe Pitt(Patrick Wilson) grapples with his agoraphobic wife Harper (Mary-LouiseParker), who's addicted to Valium. A young protégé of Roy Cohn (Pacino), Joe is forced to confront his own sexuality whenthe power of his prayers cannot repress his longings for other men. Much of what will attract viewers to Angelsin America will surely be the bigness of the event -- the all-star directorMike Nichols, the explosive special effects, the power of Kushner'swords, the first ever on-screen pairing of Oscar winners Pacinoand Streep. Yet viewers are in store for so muchmore. Angels in America is oftenheralded as a play about everything -- AIDS, homophobia, racism, class, sex,religion, politics, power, gender, love, God -- so much so that it requiresaudiences to come to the theater on two separate nights. HBO divides itstelecast into two nights as well. The first part, "Millennium Approaches, "debuts Dec. 7. The second half, "Perestroika, " on Dec. 14. Kushner is masterful at unmasking the strangecontradictions that organize American life. Freedom and powerlessness (we holdthese truths to be self-evident: money talks). Love and betrayal (we give ourhearts away only to learn we are truly alone). Despair and hope (we diepainful, horrible deaths but hope angels will greet us in heaven). It's in these contradictions that the playwright's characters are born: darkand complex, maddening and human. Louis, for example, is the well-meaning,guilt-stricken Jewish liberal, who succumbs to his own cowardice and leaves hislover for a life free of sickness. Shenkman expertlycaptures the dithering agony of a man who's doing the wrong thing and knows it.The grief he bears is eclipsed only by his inability to love without regard forhimself. Roy Cohn is a man who seemingly has it all: money, power, even Nancy Reagan'sunlisted number. But as the despicable bastard -- former henchman to JoeMcCarthy -- spews his hateful, spitting tirades, it's clear that his deeds haveundone him. Lying in waste on his deathbed (forced there by AIDS and years ofsurreptitious sex with men), Cohn is visited by the ghost of Ethel Rosenberg (Streep), a haunting reminder that what goes around comesaround. Pacino seems to dig to the center of the earth itselfto summon the vile hatred that Cohn embodied. Machiavellian to the core, Cohnperverted American values and mores to suit his own needs. In a foul-mouthed,brash performance, Pacino inhabits the soul of a mandestined for hell and knows it, screaming "Fuck you!" all the way. Then, of course, there's the likely villain of Joe's Mormon mother, Hannah,from Salt LakeCity. Playedby Steep, she's so tightly wound and drunk with her own beliefs she can barelylet the word "homosexual " escape from her pursed lips. Yet it's Hannah who helps Prior to understand thevisions he's been having of an angel (Thompson). Prior, who long ago gave up onGod with a capital "G, " and Hannah make unlikely allies ("You don't judge meand I won't judge you, " she tells him), but it's precisely this kind of oddityin which Kushner delights. Worlds collide in Angels in America . All of the performances in this mammoth production isheroic, but of particular note are Parker as the enigmatic Harper and Kirk asthe disease-ravaged Prior. The draw of Harper, as is so often the case withthese kinds of characters, is her artful descent into madness. Of course, in thetopsy-turvy world created by Kushner, madness is arelative term. When she pops her pills, Harper seemingly escapes reality in a series oftwisted delusions. But she really enters a world of über-reality,where everyone is knowing and honest. Here, Harper confronts the sham of hermarriage and the truth about her husband. The delusions fortify her, releasingHarper from the un-reality of her true life. Parker assumes this complex role with unnatural brilliance. Like a breathtakingand delicate orchid, Parker balances her character's unlimited sadness with analmost delicious whimsy. Why can't she, after all, go to Antarctica to find the Eskimo of her dreams? The most difficult role of the HBO production belongs to Kirk, who must carrythe underlying mission of the production. Sick and dying, Prioris visited by an angel, who informs him that he is a prophet. Abandoned by hislover, abandoned by faith, Prior must make sense ofthe shifting forces. In this century of war, famine and plague, where is God? But,here, on his deathbed -- ravaged by pneumonia and Kaposi'ssarcoma -- Prior undertakes the most serious inquiry of them all. Who, in theend, facing despair and uncertainty, doesn't want to make sense of all thesuffering? Angels in America is intoxicatingto watch. Not only is it mesmerizing and provocative, but it's also aninherently American piece, though one largely uninterested in underlining themyths of America. Forget the "city on the hill " rhetoric. Kushner ismuch more fascinated with the reality of America: everyday people committing various acts ofnobility and horror, often at once. The AIDS nurse Belize (Jeffrey Wright) scorns the special treatmentlavished on the influential Cohn but tells him of the AZT trials anyway. "Idon't have to love America, " a frustrated Belize screams at Louis, "I live in America. " Angels in America HBO Part I: Millennium Approaches Premieres Sunday, Dec. 7 Part II: Perestroika Premieres Sunday, Dec. 14 In this era of terrorism and preemption, of WMDs andairport screeners, it's not impossible to identify with the despair and dreadof the 1980s. When lives are snuffed out in fiery plane crashes, it leavespeople wondering about angels and prophets, asking where isGod now? It's uncommon for television to tackle such weighty issues. Rarerstill that the outcome is so uniformly astonishing. An audacious projectindeed, it's a wonder to behold. Follow @metroweekly Don't Miss These Related Articles: Angels Heart : Next weekend, students at Shenandoah University mount a production of Angels in America Earned Wings : Forum Theatre ambitiously tackles an AIDS epic Cook's Country : The two stories that comprise Julie  Julia are like pairing Kobe beef with a side of McDonald's french fries Merry Melodies : Buoyed by infectious ABBA songs and terrific performances, 'Mamma Mia!' makes for two hours of unadulterated joy Lion's Club : With 'Lions for Lambs,' Robert Redford turns up the preach-factor and in a way that inspires yawns over action Soundwaves : ABBA Museum, Meryl Streep in Mamma Mia! movie, Right Said Fred, Michael Jackson  the Black Eyed Peas Fashion Statement : Despite a stunning performance from Meryl Streep, 'Prada' never amounts to more than a heap of lovely, little scraps 'Manchurian Candidate' : A creepy but flawed remake with Meryl Streep and Denzel Washington Prickly Protagonist : Young Adult is a movie about someone who's supremely unlikeable, but has an odd way of being awfully likable itself Identity Crisis : The film adaptation of 'The Watchmen,' Alan Moore's genre-changing comic book, is unlike any superhero epic you've ever seen Brit Lit : A collection of moments, 'Brideshead Revisited' sacrifices a smooth, flowing storyline in the interest of brevity Tags: angels in america| meryl streep| patrick wilson| emma thompson| Archives: See all of our previous TV articles Today's Most Popular Articles War Over Molotovs Words (News) Icona Pride (Feature Story) Equality Maryland PAC in Election Mode (News) New Mexico Supreme Court rules photographer cannot deny services to same-sex couple (Poliglot) Coverboy: Jesse (Coverboy Interview) Andreas Ocando (Feature Story) 25 Gay Films Everyone Should See, Part 3D (Feature Story) LGBT Groups To Picket Molotov Concert (News) The Top 5 Songs of Summer 2013 (Feature Story) Laverne Cox Rocks (Feature Story) Call 202-638-6830 to advertise here in Marketplace Tweets about Metro Weekly Request a Rate Card | About Us | RSS Feeds | Archive | Join Our Mailing List Washington, D.C.'s Gay  Lesbian News Magazine  Published In Print Every Thursday Since 1994 Copyright 2013  Jansi, LLC.  1012 14th Street, NW; Suite 209; Washington, DC 20005  (202) 638-6830  Contact Us Pick up a copy Be a Coverboy Join our Mailing List Request a Rate Card  Feature News Arts Community Scene Nightlife Polls Video Blogs Feature Articles Last Word News National Opinion Poliglot World Out On the Town Spotlight Film Games Music Stage Tech [ more ] Community Calendar Business Directory of LGBT Groups Marketplace [ more ] Event Photos Video Nightlife Calendar Gay Bar Guide Clublife Coverboy Poliglot Elsewhere Foodwise Last Word Technocrat Spotlight 