  × × Welcome! Welcome Back! Thanks for being a frequent visitor to qctimes.com . You have now viewed of your FREE premium pages this 30-day period. After you have viewed FREE pages, we will ask you to purchase a subscription. To Continue reading, follow these steps: 1 2 1. Choose your subscription. Limited Time Offer Digital Only $0.99 /month 99 1st month, introductory rate ($5.95 after) Limited Time Offer Print Subscriber Access $0.99 /month 99 1 Month introductory rate ($1.95 after)  Need Help? Call: 888.406.6450 Already have digital access? Sign in to your account. Please Wait Need Help? Call: 888.406.6450  qctimes.com More Local News Opinion Sports Entertainment Deals Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Subscriptions Logout  94 Clear Weekly Forecast Wednesday 94 68 Thursday 91 70 Friday 97 73 Saturday 94 72 sponsored by  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home Movies Music TV Listings Arts & Theatre Calendar David Burke Theater review ‘Q’ is full of ribald humor, heart  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email  Buy Now  2012-10-09T11:22:00Z 2012-10-09T12:58:49Z ‘Q’ is full of ribald humor, heart Davis Burke The Quad-City Times October 09, 2012 11:22 am  Davis Burke (0) Comments IF YOU GO What: “Avenue Q” When: Through Oct. 21; 8 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays Where: The District Theatre, 1611 2nd Ave., Rock Island How much: $20 Information: 309-235-1654 or DistrictTheatre.com Mitt Romney may still love Big Bird, but he might not look as kindly at “Avenue Q.” Between full-on naked puppet sex, a character questioning his sexuality, another with a proclivity for porn and enough f-bombs to stock the Department of Defense, it just might send the Republican presidential candidate and many others away screaming. But three sold-out crowds this past weekend at The District Theatre in downtown Rock Island found a wickedly funny and surprisingly heartwarming show, albeit wrapped in a crude package. The Tony-winning best musical of 2004 (beating out “Wicked,” as director Marc Ciemiewicz reminds us in a video intro), “Avenue Q” is usually described shorthand as an adult “Sesame Street” because most of the characters are puppets. While there are similarities, such as “Q’s” Rod and Nicky resembling Bert and Ernie, and Trekkie Monster (played here by Mike Kelly) as an Internet-age Oscar the Grouch, it’s not really a parody of the beloved children’s show on PBS. At its core is a love story between Princeton (Bryan Tank) and Kate Monster (Erin Churchill), who are set up on a coffee date. But after going to a bar, they are led astray by the Bad Idea Bears (Kelly Lohrenz and Tracy Pelzer-Timm). Their one sip of a Long Island Ice Tea ends up with a sloshy night where they go through almost all of the Kama Sutra during the duration of one song. But they eventually have an inevitable breakup, thanks to the sultry Lucy the Slut (Lohrenz). Rod (Tristan Tapscott), meanwhile, struggles with feelings for his straight roommate Nicky (Joe Maubach). Mix in the wedding of comedian Brian and Christmas Eve (James Fairchild and Cindy Ramos-Parmley, two of the show’s three human characters), and Gary Coleman (played by talented District newcomer Andrew Cole) as the building super (Every time a character asks, “Isn’t he dead?” the response is “Shhh”) and you’ve got an ideal adults-only comedy. It’s hard to call out favorites on this one since everyone is so ideally cast. And while all of them ably handled their puppets, I was surprised to see so much facial expression by the actors to whom we really aren’t supposed to pay attention. Music director Randin Turner, an energetic band and the cast hold their own with Robert Lopez and Jeff Marx’s endlessly clever lyrics and music. (Hearing and practically memorizing the cast album for the past six or seven years, I was almost at a disadvantage because I already knew when the great laugh lines were coming in the songs.) As the set designer, Tapscott makes the most of the economy of the stage to pull off another two-story set that lends more of an intimacy to the show than sitting far away in a proscenium theater. Maubach also does double-duty with almost all of the video work that comes in the show, providing technical brilliance and creating laughs all on its own. Known as a performer and one of the Bootleggers at Circa ‘21, Ciemiewicz creates a fun and lively atmosphere while using as much of the District space as he can. The addition of some updated punchlines was especially noticeable. Already having sold out two of the upcoming weekend performances, “Avenue Q” is a hot ticket, especially for those who like their humor raw and filled with heart — and puppets.   Tags Sesame Street , Avenue Q , Tristan Tapscott View (0) Comments No Comments Posted. Add Comment You must Login to comment. Click here to get an account it's free and quick More Theatre stories Music, talent, warmth meet at 'Crossroads' RHP's 'Neighbor' a pleasant surprise Showboat cast charms in summer finale Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 The Quad-City Times. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. GoDo cover gallery Follow GoDo Facebook on Facebook Twitter on Twitter Follow @entguy1 Email Get email updates from Email Updates Text Messaging Get text message updates from Text Updates RSS Follow via RSS RSS Feeds From the wire Bass says no 'N Sync reunion tour; dishes on Cyrus Robinson pays tribute to Motown's chief of charm Look out: A fall harvest of new broadcast TV shows Review: Paterniti chronicles more than cheese '42' actor Boseman to play James Brown in biopic Dan Zanes, Elizabeth Mitchell make music for kids 'Star Wars' cinematographer Gilbert Taylor dies Selena Gomez: Don't ask what Swift said at VMAs Movie times Most popular Leader of the Pach Kutcher's work is evident in 'Jobs' Guys' turn to take it off in new 'boylesque' show Mermaid body found? No, bad TV Talking burlesque, roller derby, 'American Pickers' Local Businesses Quad City Symphony Orchestra Boost Mobile by Wireless Zone Cool Beanz Coffeehouse Lifestyles Furniture Cuttin' It Close Find a local business I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory . Deals, Offers and Events Happy Hour specials... The Phoenix Restaurant & Martini Bar Family Feast The Grinders & Spaghetti House Find the Mattress of your Dreams! Mattress Outlet GET THERAPY! THE DOC'S INN The Doc's Inn - Dr. Gyros Know when to replace your toothbrush? Click here to find out Philip R. Bayne, D.D.S.   Sections, services and other websites qctimes.com News Sports Entertainment Obituaries Classified Jobs Cars Homes Advertise Contact Us About Us Find Davenport Jobs Find Area Businesses Buy Photos Buy Times merchandise Subscriber Services Events calendar Local databases RSS Mobile Q-C Business Journal Iowa Truck & Tractor Bettendorf News Hawkmania.com NIE Thrifty Nickel Plus 60 Work at the Times @qctimes on Twitter  Copyright 2013, The Quad-City Times , 500 E 3rd St. Davenport, IA | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Davenport Apartments Davenport Attorneys Davenport Auto Dealers Davenport Auto Parts Davenport Auto Repair Davenport Beauty Salons Davenport Car Rental Davenport Dentists Davenport Doctors Davenport Flowers Davenport Hotels Davenport Insurance Davenport Loans Davenport Mortgages Davenport Movers Davenport Pizza Davenport Realtors Davenport Restaurants Davenport Storage Davenport Tax Preparation Davenport Travel More Davenport Bettendorf Apartments Bettendorf Attorneys Bettendorf Auto Dealers Bettendorf Auto Parts Bettendorf Auto Repair Bettendorf Beauty Salons Bettendorf Car Rental Bettendorf Dentists Bettendorf Doctors Bettendorf Flowers Bettendorf Hotels Bettendorf Insurance Bettendorf Loans Bettendorf Mortgages Bettendorf Movers Bettendorf Pizza Bettendorf Realtors Bettendorf Restaurants Bettendorf Storage Bettendorf Tax Preparation Bettendorf Travel More Bettendorf Rock Island Apartments Rock Island Attorneys Rock Island Auto Dealers Rock Island Auto Parts Rock Island Auto Repair Rock Island Beauty Salons Rock Island Car Rental Rock Island Dentists Rock Island Doctors Rock Island Flowers Rock Island Hotels Rock Island Insurance Rock Island Loans Rock Island Mortgages Rock Island Movers Rock Island Pizza Rock Island Realtors Rock Island Restaurants Rock Island Storage Rock Island Tax Preparation Rock Island Travel More Rock Island Moline Apartments Moline Attorneys Moline Auto Dealers Moline Auto Parts Moline Auto Repair Moline Beauty Salons Moline Car Rental Moline Dentists Moline Doctors Moline Flowers Moline Hotels Moline Insurance Moline Loans Moline Mortgages Moline Movers Moline Pizza Moline Realtors Moline Restaurants Moline Storage Moline Tax Preparation Moline Travel More Moline Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup If you already have a digital subscription please log in with your existing account. If you are not a current subscriber, please log in or sign up for unlimited access to the number one source for local news and information, The Quad-City Times. Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with qctimes.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: qctimes.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 2:48:24 pm 