 Skip to main content Visit Colorado for your next vacation. Flag Links Espanol Deutsch Japanese United Kingdom Francais Canadian United States Top Links Order a Guide eNewsletter Colorado Videos Search form Search  Find Upcoming Events Official Visitor Information Things To Do Food  Drink Hotels  Lodging Trip Ideas Colorado Map Special Offers Getting Here Directory  Arts  Culture Colorado’s music, dance, theater and visual arts organizations are known for presenting popular masterpieces and innovative new works year-round. The state’s long tradition of stellar cultural events, performing arts series and art festivals ensure there are plenty of things to do and ways to be entertained during a Colorado vacation. Top-notch museums like the Denver Art Museum, Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center and the Museum of Contemporary Art Denver give the state plenty of visual-arts cred. And large arts-and-crafts festivals like The Cherry Creek Arts Festival in Denver and the Estes Park Fine Arts and Crafts Festival lure thousands to the area, and it seems as if nearly every Colorado town has a summer showcase for local artists, as well as weekly art walks through districts filled with art galleries. The sprawling Denver Performing Arts Complex is the second-largest arts campus of its kind in the nation, and it’s home to the Colorado Symphony Orchestra, Opera Colorado, Denver Center Theater Company and the Colorado Ballet — the region’s largest and most impressive resident performing arts organizations. Renowned performing art events like The Colorado Shakespeare Festival in Boulder, the Aspen Music Festival, the Vail International Dance Festival, Boulder’s Colorado MahlerFest, the Breckenridge Music Festival and Strings Music Festival in Steamboat Springs are another aspect of our arts-and-culture prowess. What puts all of these events over the top is their location — Colorado’s gorgeous natural setting makes the best venue of all. Whatever your artistic sensibility may be, a Colorado vacation offers year-round events, festivals and live music — all in majestic venues second to none. Header Ads Advertisements  All Colorado Arts  Culture Get Trip Ideas Art Galleries Find Businesses Get Trip Ideas Museums Find Businesses Get Trip Ideas Performing Arts  Music Find Businesses   Special Offers Half Off Whitewater Rafting! Expires September 3, 2013 Buy one spot on an Arkansas River half or full day trip and receive the second spot for half price. Read More  Amusement Package Expires October 27, 2013 This package includes either a King Suite or a Double Queen Suite for minimum of 2 nights at our hotel. You will recieve 2 tickets to Elitch Gardens t Read More  $25.00 Off Per Person Expires October 6, 2013 $25.00 Off Per Person. 2013 flight season runs from May 25–October 6. Read More  Colorado.com Exclusive: 20% off your nightly rate! Expires December 31, 2013 Newly renovated in 2012. 15 min to downtown, 20 min to DIA, 5 min to the Denver Tech Center. Spacious guest rooms with flat screen TVs, refrigerator, Read More  30% Multi-night Summer Discount Expires October 31, 2013 The longer you stay...The more you SAVE!3-4 night stays.....SAVE 20% 5-6 night stays.....SAVE 25%7+ night stays......SAVE 30% Read More  See All Special Offers Arts  Culture Trip Ideas  A Family Weekend in Southwest Colorado Take a three-day spin with the family through southwest Colorado’s rich... Read More  A Kid-Approved Weekend in Denver Does summer vacation have you sick of hearing the phrase "I'm bored"? A... Read More  Colorado Ski Vacation Alternative: A Winter Day in Central City  Black Hawk Taking a winter trip to one of the snow-centricresortsalong... Read More  Summer in Colorado Ski Towns Colorado’s mountain towns are known worldwide as an incredible wintertime... Read More  A 5-Star Luxury Day in Denver Spend a day inDenverenjoying a few of the city’s finer things —... Read More  Amazing Colorado Music Fests: Sounds of Summer Close your eyes and point to a spot on a Colorado map and you’re likely to... Read More  See All Trip Ideas    Footer Follow Us Facebook Find us on Google+ Twitter Pinterest Youtube Flickr Foursquare Instagram Tumblr Resources Official Colorado Welcome Centers Meetings / Group Tours / Weddings / Reunions Tourism Associations / Convention  Visitors Bureaus Study in Colorado Industry Partners Media Room Film Colorado Doing Business in Colorado Plan Interactive Map of Colorado Accommodations Attractions  Entertainment Breweries Campgrounds Hot Springs National Parks Outdoor Activities Restaurants Shopping Ski/Winter Sports Transportation Be Inspired Trip Ideas Colorado Videos Colorado Summer Trips Colorado Articles Colorado Photos Photo Gallery Order a Guide Get a Colorado Map Download iPad Guide Sign Up for eNewsletter The Official Site of Colorado Tourism  2013 Colorado Tourism Office. All rights reserved. Contact Us | Link To Us | Privacy Policy | Sitemap   