 The Epoch Times  Change edition: Home Choose your edition Advertise Subscribe Editions in other languages Print Edition Topics Video News China Arts & Entertainment Business Nation Australia Canada Ireland New Zealand United Kingdom United States World Africa Asia Pacific Europe International Middle East North America South America South Asia China Regime Business & Economy Culture Democracy  Human Rights Society Nine Commentaries Business Companies Economy  Trade Global Markets Real Estate Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader's Turn Science Beyond Science Earth  Environment Inspiring Discoveries Space & Astronomy Technology Cyber Freedom Cyber Security Features Innovation Products Reviews Arts & Entertainment Celebrities Literary & Visual Arts Movies & TV Music Theatre Health Environment & Health Fitness Nutrition Other Ways of Healing Traditional Chinese Medicine Western Medicine Life Autos Fashion  Beauty Food Home Slice of Life Travel Sports NFL NBA College Sports Hockey Baseball Football (Soccer) Tennis Golf Motorsports Cycling Rugby Other  Subscribe Movie Review: Dreams of a Life By Joe Bendel Created: August 5, 2012 Last Updated: February 10, 2013 Related articles: Arts & Entertainment  Movies & TV  Still of Joyce Vincent from the foreign documentary-thriller “Dreams of Life,” where Joyce’s skeleton was discovered in her apartment with the television still on in one of London’s busiest locations three years after she died. (Courtesy Strand Releasing) Joyce Vincent was almost a footnote—the sort of ghoulish factoid that gets recycled to demonstrate some point about the disconnectedness of the information age. Yet, there was more to Vincent than the three years her body lay undiscovered in her London studio apartment. Carol Morley reconstructs her story in the hybrid documentary Dreams of a Life , which opened Friday, August 3, in New York at the IFC Center. It was an article that struck a chord with tabloid readers. For three years, Vincent’s landlord, creditors, friends, and four sisters never came looking for her. When she was finally discovered, her television was still running, but her body had literally decomposed into the floor. As a result, her cause of death remains undetermined. Many more questions persist, such as where were those sisters, who not so surprisingly declined to appear in Morley’s film. However, many of Vincent’s friends, including two former lovers who were once deeply enthralled by her, talk openly and earnestly about the tragically fated woman. By most accounts, she was a charming person who at one time held responsible positions in finance. While nothing about Vincent’s life becomes “clear” per se, it seems safe to conclude that her inner demons spurred her to push people away, based on the testimony Morley collects. The picture of Vincent that emerges is incomplete, but it is far more complicated than the sensational headlines would suggest. This was a woman who once had entrée into the world of pop music, bringing Isaac Hayes and Nelson Mandela into her story as minor supporting characters. Combining brutally intimate interview segments with re-enactments of episodes from her still murky life (primarily featuring Zawe Ashton as the adult Vincent and Cornell S. John as her problematic father), Dreams stretches the boundaries of documentary filmmaking, at the risk of coming across like cable true crime programming. Yet the humanistic ethos driving the film keeps it safely on course. Indeed, the genuine emotions expressed by Vincent’s friends, lovers, and coworkers are rather overpowering at times. Ironically, Dreams sounds great, featuring funky instrumental themes composed by Barry Adamson as well as many touchstone songs from the era. It even includes a nicely soulful demo that Vincent herself cut—how sad is that? Hearing her voice is actually rather spooky. Sensitively helmed by Morley, Dreams is always compassionate and never exploitative. It also acts as a sharp corrective to the reductive impulse that would superficially recast Vincent’s fate into a cautionary tale for the Internet age. Related Articles Movie Review: 'Farewell, My Queen' The film may well be that, as well, but first and foremost, it is a story that should be told for its own sake. To Morley’s credit, Dreams powerfully illustrates that point. It might sound depressing, but in a way, the film is quite life-affirming, by virtue of its commitment to documenting Vincent’s life for posterity. Dreams of a Life Director: Carol Morley Cast: Zawe Ashton, Neelam Bakshi, Lee Colley Running Time: 95 minutes Rating: 4 / 5 Joe Bendel writes about independent film and lives in New York. To read his most recent articles, please visit http://jbspins.blogspot.com      The Epoch Times publishes in 35 countries and in 19 languages. Subscribe to our e-newsletter . Tags: Movie Review   GET THE FREE DAILY E-NEWSLETTER Enter your email:  Follow me on Twitter Follow @epochtimes Recommended on Facebook My Epoch Times Network on Facebook The Epoch Times, Chinese Edition 印度大壶节踩踏 约20死 澳洲纽省首次购房者补贴成效缓慢 在澳父母担保可获100%抵购房押贷款 Read more... Selected Topics from The Epoch Times Latest News New Comments Most Comments  Subscribe | Print Edition | Other Languages | Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | RSS Feeds National Editions: Australia | Canada | Ireland | New Zealand | United Kingdom | United States Languages: Chinese | Korean | French | German | Spanish | Japanese | Russian | Ukrainian | Hebrew | Romanian | Bulgarian | Slovak | Swedish | Indonesian | Persian | Vietnamese | Portuguese | Turkish | Czech | Italian Copyright © 2000-2012 Privacy Policy | Rights and Permissions  