       Complete list of OTV Programming OTV Online Store SCOBA: A New Era Begins Perhaps the most historic event in the life of the Orthodox Church on this Continent took place when all the Orthodox Bishops gathered in Ligonier, Pennsylvania, November 30 - December 2, 1994. This 35-minute video tells the story of this exciting meeting. Video provided courtesy of Festal Creations . To learn more, read the conference press release from 1994. A New Era Begins ( DSL/ISDN/Cable/T1 )  A New Era Begins ( 33k - 56k Dialup Modems )  Purchase the VHS Video! note: your Internet connection must be at least 32kbps to view this stream correctly. The size and quality of this Dialup Modems version of the video have been reduced to allow users with slower dialup modems to view it. subscribe now to view! Metropolitan THEODOSIUS Commemorative Video Documentary A unique documentary on the life and work of Metropolitan THEODOSIUS Metropolitan THEODOSIUS ( DSL/ISDN/Cable/T1 ) Metropolitan THEODOSIUS ( 33k - 56k Dialup Modems ) subscribe now to view! Georgia: The Faith, The People, and The Land. A Documentary This video provides beautiful landscapes of Georgia and an overview of the history, culture, and faith of the Georgian people. Beautiful video footage of Georgian Orthodox Churches and Monasteries are also included. Video provided courtesy of Procla-Media Productions and Giorgi Ramishvili. Georgia ( DSL/ISDN/Cable/T1 ) Georgia ( 33k - 56k Dialup Modems ) note: your Internet connection must be at least 32kbps to view this stream correctly. The size and quality of this Dialup Modems version of the video have been reduced to allow users with slower dialup modems to view it. subscribe now to view! Icons and Icon Painting A Documentary by Dennis Bell This video covers the history and theology of icons and the essential differences between icons and western paintings of religious subjects. The traditional rules of icons regarding color, dress, senses, and prayer are covered as well as the painting of an icon. It is an excellent primer. Dennis Bell is President of St. John of Damascus Association. Video provided courtesy of Festal Creations . Icons and Icon Painting ( DSL/ISDN/Cable/T1 ) Icons and Icon Painting ( 33k - 56k Dialup Modems )  Read an article by Dennis Bell in the Sacred Art Journal . BUY THIS VIDEO NOW! note: your Internet connection must be at least 32kbps to view this stream correctly. The size and quality of this Dialup Modems version of the video have been reduced to allow users with slower dialup modems to view it. subscribe now to view! Metropolitan PHILIP and Bishop ANTOUN Commemorative Video Documentary A unique documentary on the lives of Metropolitan PHILIP and Bishop ANTOUN.  A special presentation given at the 45th Antiochian Archdiocese Convention in Los Angeles, CA, to commemorate the 35th anniversary of Metropolitan PHILIP's episcopacy. He was elected Archbishop of New York and all North America by the Holy Synod of Antioch on August 5, 1966, and enthroned as Metropolitan on October 13, 1966. This video also commemorates Sayidna ANTOUN's 50th year in the priesthood in the service of our Lord. This jubilee celebration commemorates his ordination to the diaconate on October 28, 1951. Produced by V. Rev. Fr. Paul Romley, directed by Mark Nassief, and narrated by C. Fredrick Milkie, M.D. Two Boys from the Balamand ( DSL/ISDN/Cable/T1 ) Two Boys from the Balamand ( 33k - 56k Dialup Modems ) note: your Internet connection must be at least 32kbps to view this stream correctly. The size and quality of this Dialup Modems version of the video have been reduced to allow users with slower dialup modems to view it. subscribe now to view! THE DIVINE LITURGY OF ST. JOHN CHRYSOSTOM The Greek Orthodox Archdiocese would like to extend its sincere and warmest thanks to Mr. Lycourgos Angelopoulos and the Greek Byzantine Choir for allowing the broadcast of this recording of the Divine Liturgy from its www.goarch.org web site. Divine Liturgy of St. Chrysostom  Click here to download Real Player Those who are interested, may purchase various recordings by Lycourgos Angelopoulos and the Greek Byzantine Choir from the Holy Cross Bookstore in Brookline, MA or via e-mail: hcbks@omaccess.com Serbian Orthodox Choral and Medieval Chants These selections are provided courtesy of St. Luke's Serbian Orthodox Mission in Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada. Serbian Orthodox Choral Chants  Serbian Orthodox Medieval Chants Click here to download Real Player This program is hosted by St. Luke's Orthodox Mission Please contact missionary@sv-luka.org for questions or technical support. The goal of Orthodox.TV is to provide solid, quality programming, information, and entertainment for the entire Orthodox world. If you have any questions or comments, please contact ::Orthodox.TV:: for more information.  Join  our Email Newsletter list for new and updated information! email  address:  2002 Orthodox Christian Communications Corporation Privacy Notice 