 Fontbonne University Search Main Navigation Skip main navigation and go to main content A-Z Index Directory Contact Apply Now Make a Gift GriffinNet Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Evening/Online International Campus Video Tour Preview Days Financial Aid Academics Undergraduate Graduate Evening/Online Library Study Abroad Academic Resources Student Life Athletics Campus Ministry Leadership Education and Student Activities Residential Life Service, Diversity  Social Justice Student Services Info Center Quick Facts Maps  Locations Calendar News  Features Mission Employment Media Room Resources Prospective Students Current Students Parents  Families Alumni  Friends Faculty  Staff Corporations Academics Skip main content and go to side navigation Where am I? Home Academics Undergraduate Graduate Evening/Online Library Study Abroad Academic Resources Graduate Art and Fine Arts Whether you’re ready to expand your horizons as an artist or you’re interested in sharing your talents as a teacher, Fontbonne University’s Master of Arts and Fine Arts programs offer learning and research environments that enable you to become an effective artist professionally and intellectually. Fontbonne even offers the opportunity to choose a focus to further personalize your course of study and tailor your learning to the most relevant topics for your career.  Concentrations are available in ceramics, painting, sculpture or studio (which includes drawing, photography or a combination of mediums).  Classes are small. And our faculty are working artists who are knowledgeable, experienced and committed to your success. They provide their students with effective contemporary techniques that will challenge you to exceed your own expectations and explore new ideas. You’ll graduate from the arts or fine arts program ready to share your talent with patrons and to inspire students of your own.   Our students have access to up-to-date art facilities:  Departmental digital imaging lab  Wet-process photography facility with darkroom  Ceramic studio with gas and electric kilns and an outdoor salt kiln, kick and electric wheels  Bronze foundry  Blacksmithing forges and equipment  Workshop including welding and metalworking equipment  Power and hand tools for frame building  Air compressor for large stone carving  Individual studios for full-time students  Fontbonne alumni and faculty artwork has been shown and sold in galleries throughout the country. Many of our graduates teach at the college level and run galleries or work in community art programs to support and expand local artistic efforts.  To find out more about the Master of Arts and Fine Arts programs,  email  us or call 314.863.2220. Go back to main content | Go back to main navigation Side Navigation Admission Requirements Curriculum Requirements and Policies Fine Arts Gallery Student and Faculty Art Work More Learning Opportunities Go back to main content | Go back to main navigation Footer Navigation Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Evening/Online International Campus Video Tour Preview Days Financial Aid Academics Undergraduate Graduate Evening/Online Library Study Abroad Academic Resources Student Life Athletics Campus Ministry Leadership Education and Student Activities Residential Life Service, Diversity  Social Justice Student Services Info Center Quick Facts Maps  Locations Calendar News  Features Mission Employment Media Room Resources Prospective Students Current Students Parents  Families Alumni  Friends Faculty  Staff Corporations Fontbonne University  6800 Wydown Boulevard  St. Louis , MO 63105  314-862-3456  800-205-5862 Proudly sponsored by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet Privacy Policy | Legal Statement |  2013 Fontbonne University All rights reserved. Stay Connected Facebook Twitter You Tube Pinterest fbYOU blogs View Mobile Site Go back to main content | Go back to main navigation 