 DUB Shop DUB Show Contact Us Subscribe to DUB Got a tip? HOME CARS Test Drives  Reviews DIY Shop Features Custom Rides Tuning Guides STARS Athletes Musicians Actors  Entertainers Entrepreneurs LIFESTYLE Fashion Tastemakers Hot Spots Life EVENTS DUB Event Coverage Lifestyle Events MAGAZINE VIDEOS DUB Events Videos The DUB Magazine Project Custom RIdes Celebrity Features BLOG    EVENTS DUB Event Coverage 22 Aug RECAP: 2013 DUB Show Memphis Written by DUB Magazine | Photos by Andrew J. Breig. Pin It Our Toyota Avalon Presents the Monster Energy DUB Show Tour Fueled by Nitto made its way down South to Memphis, TN on Saturday, June 29 at the Cook Convention Center. As always, the South provided much flavor in their car game and represented with nothing less than pure hotness in the hundreds of customized rides that represented at the show. The place was buzzing with thousands of fans who wanted to heat things up, automotive style! Add a comment Continue Reading 22 Aug RECAP: 2013 DUB Show Chicago Written by DUB Magazine | Photos by Steve Santamaria, Art Martin. Pin It On Saturday, June 22, the Toyota Avalon Presents the Monster Energy DUB Show Tour Fueled by Nitto returned to the Windy City! Held at McCormick Place, Chi-Town showed us what weve been missing with a packed show that included loads of candy-colored customs, ranging from the four-wheeled variety to the two-wheeled. Add a comment Continue Reading 21 Aug RECAP: 2013 DUB SHOW DALLAS Written by DUB Magazine | Photos by Jakeb Miller, Fernando Deanda. Pin It The Toyota Avalon Presents the Monster Energy DUB Show Tour Fueled by Nitto headed South to Dallas, TX on Sunday, June 16 to provide all the car enthusiasts and fathers out there a day they wouldnt forget! Held at the Dallas Convention Center, the stop was a great celebration of cars and dads with hundreds of customized rides, interactive booths and a kick ass concert. We partnered with local radio station 97.9 The Beat who really helped spread the word and helped us get more than 25,000 attendees, making for a packed show! Add a comment Continue Reading 26 Jun RECAP: 2013 DUB SHOW MIAMI Written by DUB Magazine | Photos by Armando Toledo, Omar Vega, Phil Gordon. Pin It The Miami, Florida stop of the Toyota Avalon Presents the Monster Energy DUB Show Fueled by Nitto was the car enthusiasts destination on Saturday, May 18, 2013. Thousands of Floridians flocked to the Miami Beach Convention Center and were greeted by a fleet of the hottest cars and bikes from that corner of the country. Add a comment Continue Reading 06 May RECAP: 2013 DUB SHOW LA Written by Ramon Gonzales | Photos by Stephanie Bueno, Steven Ortiz, Clinton Lum, Paul Pablo, Gary Phung, Evolve Photography. Pin It The second stop of the 2013 DUB Show Tour descended on the Los Angeles Convention Center on April 7th and was met by thousands eager to soak in the experience. Showcasing quintessential Southern California car culture, the Toyota Avalon Presents the Monster Energy DUB Show Tour Fueled by Nitto and Featuring the Boost Mobile Concert Series DUB Show Los Angeles also coupled automotive eye candy with some of hip-hops biggest names. The Sunday matinee boasted heavyweights, including performances from Big Sean, Tyga, and B.o.B. Add a comment Continue Reading 06 May RECAP: 2013 DUB Show New York Written by DUB Magazine | Photos by Mike Wiatrak. Pin It The New York International Auto Show always showcases the latest and greatest in automotive design and technology, and DUB was there for all the action at this years show. The 2013 Monster Energy DUB Show Tour NYC stop was held from April 5th-7th and provided the shows guests even more four-wheeled masterpieces for their eyes to feast on. Held at the Jacob Javits Center, the show featured a variety of rides from some of the areas prominent shops, as well as fun and interactive booths. Add a comment Continue Reading 29 Mar RECAP: 2013 Philadelphia Auto Show Pin It Our 2013 DUB Show Tour kicked off during the Philadelphia Auto Show back in January. From Saturday, Jan. 19 through Sunday, Jan. 27, our show within a show was held at the Philadelphia Convention Center and provided thousands of attendees a unique look at some of the wildest customs the region has to offer. Add a comment Continue Reading 02 Jan RECAP: 2012 LA Auto Show Pin It For this years 2012 LA Auto Show, many automakers unveiled new concepts, especially hybrid compact city cars. BMW introduced their new electric i3 Concept Coupe, while Ford touted their new 2013 Fusion, which was named Green Car Journals 2013 Green Car of the Year. Fiats electric 2013 500E and 2013 500C Abarth, as well as their four-door 2014 500L, were revealed and are expected to provide buyers more options in the compact/subcompact markets. Chevys Spark EV was popular, with the 2013 model showing off its fast charging connection. Hyundais Veloster Turbo Rolltop C3 and Santa Fe were their big introductions, with a special performance with singers and dancers for the unveiling of the 2013 Santa Fe. Add a comment Continue Reading 02 Jan RECAP: 2012 DUB SHOW - Phoenix Written by DUB MAgazine | Photos by Big Mando. Pin It Things heated up in the desert when the 2012 DUB Show Tour arrived in Phoenix, AZ on Saturday, October 6th! The Phoenix Convention Center was the it place to be for any customized ride, bike or car enthusiast. We had an enormous turnout for DUBs return to Phoenix, proven by never-ending lines at the box office for tickets and all the thanks we received from fans for returning to their city after a one-year hiatus. Add a comment Continue Reading 27 Dec RECAP: 2012 SEMA Show Las Vegas Written by DUB Magazine | Photos by Street Vision Photography, DUB Staff. Pin It Every year, Las Vegas, NV plays host to the most anticipated automotive aftermarket expo in the world, the SEMA Show, which brings together tuners, car customizers and countless enthusiasts to showcase their latest and greatest products and builds. The 2012 SEMA Show (from October 30-November 2) proved that the industry is recovering dramatically after being hit hard after the recession tightened everyones pockets in 2008. Add a comment Continue Reading 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Âť End    The Magazine Issue 74 Features: Amber Rose Shaquille O'Neal Anderson Silva Ason Martin Virage  Much more! Latest DUBPages Photos HOME CARS STARS LIFESTYLE EVENTS MAGAZINE VIDEOS BLOG Privacy Policy ÂŠ2000 - 2011 DUB Publishing, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 