 Skip to Main Content Home FAQs Site Index E-mail Your Question Chat FREE Publications Get E-mail Updates Change Text Size Espaol Contact Us Search Follow Us: 1-800-FED-INFO (333-4636) Home Menu Search Services Back Services Find Government Jobs Change of Address Find Government Jobs Change of Address Get It Done Online Look Up a Social Media Account Apply for a Passport Find Cheapest Gas Prices Shop Government Auctions MORE SERVICES  Blog Back Blog  News From Our Blog More Blog Posts  Topics Back Topics Benefits and Grants Business and Nonprofits Consumer Protection Consumer Publications Defense and International Environment, Energy, and Agriculture Family, Home, and Community Government Performance Government Sales and Auctions Health and Nutrition History, Arts, and Culture Jobs and Education Money and Taxes Public Safety and Law Public Service and Volunteerism Reference and General Government Science and Technology Travel and Recreation Voting and Elections More Topics Government Agencies Back Government Agencies All Government Federal Government A-Z Index of the United States Government Federal Government State, Local, and Tribal State Government Local Government Tribal Government  Contact Government Back Contact Government  U.S. Congress and White House Governor and State Legislators Contact Government Elected Officials Agency Contacts Contact Us Look Up a Social Media Account MORE CONTACTS FAQs Espaol You Are Here Home  Travel, Transportation, and Recreation  Car Buying and Maintenance  Buying a Used Car Download Adobe Reader Buying a Used Car Share: Facebook Twitter E-mail Estetemaenespaol Research Your Options Learn what rights you have when buying a used car. Contact your state or local consumer protection office. Find out in advance what paperwork you will need to register a vehicl e . Contact your state's motor vehicle department . Check prices of similar models using the NADA Official Used Car Guide published by the National Automobile Dealer Association or the Kelley Blue Book . These guides are usually available at local libraries. Research the vehicle's history. Ask the seller for details concerning past owners, use, and maintenance. Next, find out whether the car has been damaged in a flood, involved in a crash, been labeled a lemon or had its odometer rolled back. The vehicle identification number (VIN) will help you do this. Your state motor vehicle department can research the car's title history. Inspect the title for "salvage," "rebuilt", or similar notations. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration lists VINs of its crash-test vehicles and will let you search an online database of manufacturer service bulletins. Vehiclehistory.gov and the National Insurance Crime Bureau’s free database are centralized places for consumers to buy information on the history of vehicles gathered from state motor vehicle departments and other sources. These reports are helpful but do not guarantee that a vehicle is accident-free. The Center for Auto Safety provides information on safety defects, recalls, and lemons, as well as service bulletins. Make sure any mileage disclosures match the odometer reading on the car. Check the warranty. If a manufacturer's warranty is still in effect, contact the manufacturer to make sure you can use the coverage. Ask about the dealer's return policy. Get it in writing and read it carefully. Have the car inspected by your mechanic. Talk to the seller and agree in advance that you'll pay for the examination if the car passes inspection, but the seller will pay if significant problems are discovered. A qualified mechanic should check the vehicle's frame, tires, air bags and undercarriage, as well as the engine. Examine dealer documents carefully. Make sure you are buying- not leasing- the vehicle. Leases use terms such as "balloon payment" and "base mileage" disclosures. E-mail Updates on This Topic  Enter your e-mail address to get updates about consumer protection.  E-mail address:  SUBMIT  Beware of Curb stoning and Title washing Protect yourself from scams to sell damaged used cars Curb stoning occurs when a dealer has an inferior or damaged car he can't sell on his lot. He gives the car to a salesperson to sell through the classifieds, as if it were a private party sale. A title history report will show that the title recently changed hands and could reveal that it is a lemon or an otherwise branded car. Be suspicious if the seller's name is different from the name on the title. Title washing occurs when scam artists try to sell a salvage vehicle by concealing its history of damage from a buyer. Although a vehicle's title should show if it has been damaged or salvaged, some states do not document titles in the same way as other states. By moving a vehicle and its title through several different states, con artists try to "wash" out the title branding of salvage or damage. The best way to avoid this trick is to buy only from reputable dealers and/or to get a title guarantee in writing. Consumer Action Handbook Get helpful tips on preventing identity theft, understanding credit, filing a consumer complaint, and more. Order your FREE copy or download a PDF version. Order Publication Consumer Information Consumer Topics on USA.gov Sample Consumer Complaint Letter Local Consumer Protection Offices Read the Consumer Action Handbook  Page Last Reviewed or Updated: August 23, 2013 Stay Connected to USA.gov RSS Get E-mail Updates 1-800-FED-INFO (333-4636) Find Us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Blog RSS 1-800-FED-INFO (333-4636) Home About Us Contact Us FAQs Website Policies Privacy Link to Us Developers About USA.gov Home About Us Contact Us FAQs Website Policies Privacy Link to Us Developers Back to Top USA.gov is the U.S. government's official web portal.  