 Car Buying Car Repair Car Parts Carculature Top Fives Auto Loans WheelScene  »  Car Buying  »  Car Buying Guide  »  Private Car Sales Private Car Sales Tips for buying and selling a used vehicle privately Many people choose to buy a car privately because they want to get a better deal on the vehicle. The same thing goes for people who sell their vehicles privately - they believe they will be able to get more money for their vehicle than they would at a dealership. However, buying or selling a car privately can be difficult because there are a lot of steps involved - so here are some tips to keep in mind: Tips on selling a car Advertising - Internet ads are an inexpensive and effective way to get interest in your used car. A more traditional method is putting an ad in the newspaper classifieds, or in used car books such as Auto Trader . Advertiser Links for private car sales [ what's this? ] Cash For Cars IAAI Pays Cash For Any Car, Any Condition. Quotes Online  By Phone. cars.iaai.com/CashForCars AutoTrader.com® Find a Used Car in Your Area. Search  Compare Local Listings. AutoTrader.com Let TrueCar do the Work We prescreen local dealers who provide a no-hassle experience www.truecar.com Writing the ad - You want your ad to be concise, clear and correct. Keep it short, but include all the important information, such as the vehicle make, model, year, color, engine details, condition (be honest), mileage (if it's low) and the appropriate contact information. Determining the asking price - Don't set the price unrealistically high, or too low. Browse car ads and classifieds to get an idea of how much your vehicle is worth. Another good place to look up the value of your vehicle is in the Kelley Blue Book . Preparing for sale - Make sure your car is looking its best for potential buyers. Have the vehicle's service records on hand to show that it's had regular maintenance. Also have the title readily available to prove you're the owner of the vehicle. Answer questions honestly and establish trust. Making the sale - Only accept offers that you're comfortable with. Many people make a living by purchasing cars at low prices. Learn to recognize these people and be prepared to say no to very low offers. Tips on buying a car Finding a car - Search through online or newspaper classifieds. They're a great places to find vehicles at good prices. Avoiding scams - Before buying a used car , get a vehicle history report done from a resource such as CARFAX. This will cost you a bit, but it will be beneficial in the end. It can protect you against fraud or from buying a lemon. Checking records - Ask to see the car title, maintenance records and repair bills to ensure the seller is the registered owner. Getting an inspection beforehand - If you have problems with a used car you bought privately, it may be impossible to get any compensation from the seller. Therefore, it's important to have the vehicle inspected by a qualified mechanic before handing over any money. Also, thoroughly inspect the condition of the car in daylight and good weather. Bring someone along with you to help you make a good evaluation. Don't expect perfection, but don't overlook serious problems. Road test - If you're not allowed test drive, don't buy the vehicle! Take the vehicle for a drive to see how it handles, and be sure to test all of the driving features. Be careful with older vehicles because they may not have all the standard safety features of today . Negotiating a price - To avoid being ripped off, do your research on the value of the type of vehicle you're looking for. (The Kelley Blue Book is a good place to start.) When you're ready to buy a vehicle, make a down payment and form a written purchase agreement to guarantee the sale. Beware of cars that seem too good to be true - because they probably are.  Add your comments: Enter the code (case sensitive) Read Comments Car Buying Guide Auto Buying Services Auto Finance Auto Leasing Auto Lenders Auto Loan Refinancing Auto Loans Auto Loans Online Auto Purchase Bad Credit Auto Loans Breaking a Lease Buying a New Car Buying Car Lease Buying Cars Out of State Car Auctions Car Buying Online Car History Reports Car Leasing Tips Car Prices Car Rental Tips Car Rentals Car Search Car Shopping Car Warranties Cheap Car Rentals Checkered Flag Honda Classic Cars Consumer Guide Car Exotic Car Dealership Exotic Car Rental Lease Transfer Luxury Car Dealership Motorcycle Loans New and Used Cars New Car Insurance Private Car Sales Rental Car Insurance Sports Car Sports Car For Sale Used Motor Home Used Porsche 944 Used Tractor Car Reviews Copyright  2013 | About Us | Contact Us | Link to Us | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Resources | Sitemap 