  Menu Home Agriculture Cassava Farming Fish Farming Fruit Production Pig Rearing Poultry Farming Rice Farming Snail Rearing Vegetable Farming General Farming Real Estate Confectionery Manufacturing Hospitality Education Oil and Gas General Business Buying/Selling Contact us  Home  Import and Export  How to Start Buying And Selling of Cars in Nigeria How to Start Buying And Selling of Cars in Nigeria By:  Darlinton Omeh -  In:  Buying  Selling , Import and Export - 0comments If you are looking for really good and cool business you can do in Nigeria, Buying and Selling of Cars should be on top of your list. There will always be opportunity in this business in Nigeria for many reasons - 1. Nigeria is and will always be a big market for cars, both used and new ones. I mean what do you expect of a nation of over one hundred and sixty million people with almost everyone working towards owning his own car one day. Those who already have are also working to get additional new ones or change the ones they're having currently. Nigerian likes cars a lot, everyone wants to cruise no matter how poor he is. Car is always on top of the list of every family's purchase priority. It is always a dream come true once you're able to acquire your own car and your status will change immediately. Family and friends will respect you, that is why everyone is working towards it. 2. With the ongoing banning of okada in most states of the federation, even those without the means are being forced to find means of getting their own car. 3. Transporters are becoming more and more greedy in Nigeria, making public transportation very costly. Therefore, having ones own car has becomes more cost effective and who likes to stand on the bus stop all day waiting for buses is stead of getting to where he is going? 4. The profit margin is good too. I can tell you that dealers are making good money in this business, though they always claim of not making enough profit but that is not true, there is huge profit in this business. This is How The Importation Works 1. Lets say you are buying a 2009 Toyota Camry Leather, you will get good one with low mileage from Maryland for $12,000. 2. Then you pay the auction fee of $300. Auction fee may be more or less depending on the auction. 3. You have it towed to the closest port - Baltimore is closer to Maryland, you tow it to Baltimore for onward shipping to Nigeria. 4. Shipping cost to Nigeria will cost about $1,200 or less, just around that price. 5. Clearing in Lagos and Courier Bill of Lading to Lagos will stand at N250,000 Total cost that will land the Toyota Camry 2009 leather for you to Nigeria : USA buying and shipment cost = $13,500. Nigeria Clearing Total cost = N250,000. That will put the final price of the car to $13,500 x N160 = N2,160,000 + N250,000 clearing = N2,410,000 . 2009 Toyota Camry Ready for Shipment Market: Search your cars to buy on Yahoo Autos there you will get good cars prices. You can as well search at eBay Auction and other Buying and Selling of Cars websites. Selling and Your Profit in Nigeria: I have gone round and the final cost of getting such Clean Toyota Camry with leather seats and low mileage (under 50,000 mile) anywhere is Nigeria is N2,900,000 . Some sell as high as N3,500,000 Therefore, your profit for the car will be from N500,000 to as much as N1.M depending on how much you finally sells it. Toyota Camry is one of the fastest selling cars in Nigeria, so much that you can sell the car within weeks of landing it, though it can stay for months sometimes, but when you finally sell, you are sure of minimum profit of N500,000. For Nigerians oversea, this is one of the smartest way of bringing your money back home instead of money transfer that may cost you some charges and may put you in danger of money laundering. Use the money you wants to save to buy cars and ship to Nigeria, have a trusted person sell it for you and deposit the money into your account! You will see yourselves in another line of business completely and another stream of income. For Nigerian aspiring dealers, this is a great business for you. You can start small with one or two cars and gradually expand into having your own car mart. Note: Prices (buying, shipping, and clearing) are not the same. Sometimes you get it cheaper, sometimes you get it higher. Your final sells depend on how much you get your car.  About Darlinton Omeh Darlinton is a complete Internet enprepreneur. He invest in Social Media and Premium Domains. He is a Passionate Blogger. He looks forward to when there will be no idle man on the street. He hopes that one day, there will be no Nigerian without a Job - everyone will be gainfully employed, doing what he loves! Darlinton wants to see all the Faudstars destroying the Internet take to legitimate business. These are the principles this Blog is founded on. He is addicted to the Internet and loves what he do! Add him on Google+ 0comments:  Newer Post Home Older Post Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) 2013 WealthResult.com - All rights reserved | About Me . | Advertise . | Site Policy Back to Top  Advertisement   What's Trending This Week How to Make 1,000,000 From Palm Oil Business in Nigeria How to Start Poultry Farming in Nigeria Small and Grow Very Lucrative Top 20 Lucrative Business in Nigeria That Makes Millions of Naira How to Make 10,000,000 in Real Estate Investment in Nigeria How to Raise Money for Business in Nigeria Ugu Vegetable Business: The ATM machine in Your Backyard How to Tap The Huge Investment Opportunities in Nigeria Oil and Gas Top 10 Richest Men of All Time in History Who Ever Lived How Online Nigerians Are Trading Opportunities For Mediocrity How to Start Buying And Selling of Cars in Nigeria [if IE]>  #email-news-subscribe .email-box input.subscribe{ background: #FFCA00; }  