 Used car search Makes  models New cars Hybrids  green cars Sports cars Supercars Concept cars Car photos Reference  Home 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe review, specs, photos, features Search new car features, prices, specifications  pictures:  Custom Search By admin - Posted on October 26th, 2012 Tagged: 2013  Cadillac  Cadillac CTS  Cadillac CTS-V Coupe  Coupe  high performance coupes  Luxury cars  luxury coupes  models  supercars Read the full article or car review below: Browse by vehicle type Green cars/hybrids Supercars Convertibles Coupes Sedans SUVs Compact Cars Wagons Vans & Minivans Sports Cars Trucks The new 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe The Cadillac CTS-V Coupe is the most dramatic model in the V-Series range of high-performance luxury models, blending a personal 2+2 layout with a drivetrain vetted on Germany’s famed Nürburgring. 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo Like the Sedan model that established the CTS-V legacy, the V-Series Coupe is powered by a supercharged 6.2L V-8 that delivers 556 horsepower (415 kW) and is backed by either a six-speed manual transmission or a six-speed automatic. A collection of technical and performance elements complement the powertrain, including Magnetic Ride Control, Brembo brakes and Michelin Pilot Sport PS2 performance tires mounted on 19-inch forged aluminum wheels. 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo A unique grille that doubles front-end airflow to help enable its high-performance capabilities is one of the V-Series’ distinguishing features, along with an aggressive front fascia and raised center section of the aluminum hood that provides clearance for the supercharger . 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo For 2013, the CTS-V family adds new, two-piece front brake rotors and Glacier Blue Metallic exterior color. The two-piece rotors replace co-cast components, offering greater resistance to warping and potentially longer rotor life, as well as reduced weight. The design features a separate rotor mounted to a “hat” that attaches the brake assembly to the wheel hub. The hat and rotor heat and cool at different rates, which helps the rotor, dissipate heat more effectively to prevent warping. 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo CTS-V Coupe design and exterior features Compared with non-V Series variants, the CTS-V exterior incorporates a number of unique cues that blend function with aesthetics. The dihedral Cadillac grille, for example, is larger to enable more air intake and features a satin finish, while the raised hood encompasses the supercharged engine beneath it. The front and rear fascias, as well as a rear spoiler that houses the center high-mounted stop lamp, are specific to the car, as are its standard 19-inch wheels. 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo Additional exterior features include: High-intensity discharge headlamps with Adaptive Forward Lighting System are standard Heated and power-adjustable outside mirrors are standard Rainsense automatic windshield wipers are standard Nineteen-inch painted aluminum wheels are standard Nineteen-inch high-polished aluminum wheels are optional Nineteen-inch aluminum wheels with satin graphite finish are optional and are packaged with yellow brake calipers Exterior colors: Radiant Silver Metallic, Black Raven, Black Diamond Tricot, Crystal Red Tint coat, White Diamond Tricot, Thunder Gray Chroma Flair, Opulent Blue Metallic and Glacier Blue Metallic. 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo CTS-V Coupe interior features The CTS-V Coupe interior features streamlined instrumentation, LED lighting and hand-cut-and-sewn accents. It includes performance seats featuring perforated sueded microfiber inserts designed to hold the driver and front passenger in place during cornering. Recaro performance driving seats are optional and provide excellent support during performance driving. These 14-way adjustable performance seats include pneumatic bolster controls in the seat cushions and backrests. Complementing the performance seating are a thick steering wheel and a gauge package designed for easy, at-a-glance reference during performance driving. Large instruments have bold readouts, including an LED-lit “tracer” function in the tachometer that flashes as the engine nears the red line. The gauge layout includes a boost gauge and a lateral acceleration display. Obsidian Black accents grace the center stack, console, steering wheel and door panels. The production steering wheel and shifter are available in Alcantara, providing the luxurious character of suede. Additional interior features include: Audio system with navigation, including AM/FM stereo, CD/DVD player, MP3 playback, Bose 5.1 Cabin Surround Sound with 10 speakers, 40-gig hard drive and USB with audio connectivity, is standard Bluetooth phone connectivity is standard Dual-zone automatic climate control is standard Driver information center is standard Keyless entry and keyless start features are standard Ambient lighting package is standard Remote vehicle start is standard Front bucket seats with power eight-way driver’s adjustment and articulating head restraints are standard on all trim levels Recaro performance seats are optional and include heated/cooled feature and leather trim with microfiber inserts Steering wheel with microfiber-trimmed rim is available and is packaged with microfiber-trimmed shift knob and Ricardo performance seats Power sunroof is available Interior color and trim choices: Ebony seats with Ebony trim, Light Titanium seat with Ebony trim, Cashmere seats with Cocoa trim, Ebony seats with Ebony microfiber inserts and Light Titanium seats with Light Titanium microfiber inserts. 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo Supercharged performance The CTS-V’s 6.2L supercharged V-8 engine is rated at 556 horsepower (415 kW) and 551 lb.-ft. of torque (747 Nm). It is the most powerful engine in Cadillac’s history. The engine features an intercooled Eaton Twin Vortices Series™ (TVS™) supercharger, which employs twin four-lobe rotors that are twisted 160 degrees. Typical superchargers feature three lobes twisted 60 degrees. The fourth lobe and greater helix profile, when combined with unique air inlet and outlet ports, create smoother, more efficient airflow into the engine. In addition to improved overall efficiency, this supercharger has superior noise and vibration characteristics compared to more ordinary designs. A pair of six-speed transmissions is offered in the CTS-V Coupe – a Tremec TR6060 six-speed manual with a dual-disc clutch and a Hydra-Matic 6L90 six-speed automatic with steering wheel-mounted shift controls. The steering wheel-mounted controls require no shift lever movement and allow immediate tap up/tap down gear selection. Performance Algorithm Shifting provides the automotive transmission with a performance-oriented shift pattern during sustained high-performance driving. As with many Cadillac models, the driver needs only to slide the shifter into the manual “gate” to put the transmission into a performance mode. Torque is channeled through the six-speed transmissions to a high-performance rear axle that features a limited-slip rear differential within a cast iron housing for greater thermal management and asymmetrical half-shafts to smoothly manage the supercharged engine’s incredible torque. The unique design includes alternately sized half-shafts that also help dynamically balance the oscillation of torque from side to side, effectively eliminating “power hop.” 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo CTS-V Coupe driving experience The V-Series is designed for great road-holding performance, while maintaining the poise of a luxury car in average driving conditions. This is enabled by Cadillac’s landmark Magnetic Ride Control, the world’s fastest-reacting suspension technology. It uses shocks controlled by advanced magneto-rheological technology, rather than mechanical valves, to greatly accelerate response time and precision. Electronic sensors at all four wheels literally “read the road” every millisecond, making constant adjustments to damping to create virtually instantaneous and extremely precise control of body motions. The Magnetic Ride shocks also enable a broader range of damping control to optimize the ride and handling for all driving conditions. In the CTS-V, an extra measure of control is offered, with two selectable modes (Tour and Sport), enabling the driver to tailor the suspension for grand touring or more spirited performance driving. The CTS-V Coupe also incorporates sophisticated braking and tire systems, in partnership with two companies renowned for high-performance technology: Brembo and Michelin. Brembo brakes are at all four corners and include powerful, six-piston calipers in the front and four-piston calipers in the rear. Large, vented rotors enable strong initial braking force while optimizing heat resistance and eliminating fade. Michelin partnered with Cadillac engineers to develop an exclusive Pilot Sport PS2 tire specifically engineered for the CTS-V. The tires support high levels of grip in track conditions, while also affording excellent performance on the road. Additional chassis and suspension features include: An independent short/long arm (SLA) front suspension system that features low-mass aluminum for the upper and lower control arms, as well as the knuckles A multi-link rear suspension with a fully isolated sub frame StabiliTrak electronic chassis control system is integrated with the car’s standard four-channel ABS with the full-function traction control, as well as the hydraulic brake assist and engine control systems. A limited-slip differential A 3.73 axle ratio on manual-transmission models A 3.23 axle ratio on automatic-transmission models A power-assisted rack-and-pinion steering system. CTS-V Coupe safety and crash-avoidance features CTS-V Coupe is designed to enhance Cadillac’s reputation for providing safe occupant environments in luxury vehicles. Features include: Dual-stage driver front air bag Segment-first dual depth front passenger air bag Driver and front passenger side seat-mounted pelvic/thorax side air bags Roof-rail side curtain air bags with rollover protection technology that cover front and rear seating rows Front safety belt pretensions Tire pressure monitoring system Body structure with strategically placed high-strength steel Active head restraints for front seat occupants Ultrasonic rear parking assist Rearview camera system Side blind zone alert. 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe photo OnStar details OnStar is standard on CTS-V Coupe and includes one year of Directions and Connections service. OnStar uses GPS and cellular phone technology to automatically call for help in the event of crash. OnStar subscribers also can use the service to be Good Samaritans by sending help to other motorists, and to call for help in other non-crash emergencies. Additional features: Directions and Connections service with Turn-by-Turn Navigation for easier route guidance on all models. The feature is easy to use because all directions are sent to the car by an advisor, without the need to stop. Stolen Vehicle Assistance helps police track the vehicle. My Cadillac and OnStar my Link mobile apps offer vehicle information and OnStar services via the customer’s smartphone. New 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe specifications, photos and images courtesy of Cadillac. Scroll down for related links: ‹ previous  14187 of 14204  next ›  Search new car features, specifications, pictures and pricing:  Custom Search Similar vehicles/related stories 2013 Cadillac CTS Coupe (Base, Performance, Premium) review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Sedan review, specs, photos, features 2012 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe Review - Pictures, features, specs 2013 Audi RS 5 review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Sport Wagon review, specs, photos, features Automakers: Latest Makes and Models on Auto Spectator Abarth Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Dacia Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford GMC Holden Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Opel/Vauxhall Peugeot Phoenix Pontiac Porsche Proton Renault Rolls-Royce Rover Saab Saturn Scion SEAT Skoda smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Motors Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Tweet Navigation Car makes  models Car photo galleries Recent posts Search cars Hybrids  green cars Sports cars Supercars Car news aggregator Auto show calendar Auto reference About us / Media kit Contact Car news | models by make: Abarth Acura | models Alfa Romeo | models Aston Martin | models Audi | models Bentley | models BMW | models Brilliance Bugatti Buick | models Cadillac | models Chery Chevrolet | models Chrysler | models Citroen | models Dacia | models Daewoo Daihatsu DiMora Dodge | models Electrorides Ferrari Fiat | models Ford | models GMC | models Geely Great Wall Holden | models Honda | models HUMMER | models Hyundai | models Infiniti | models Isuzu JAC Jaguar | models Jeep | models Kia | models Koenigsegg Lamborghini | models Lancia | models Land Rover | models Lexus | models Lincoln | models Lincoln-Mercury | models Lotus | models Mahindra Maruti Maserati | models Maybach | models Mazda | models Mercedes-Benz | models Mercury | models MINI | models Mitsubishi | models Nissan | models Opel | models Opel/Vauxhall | models Peugeot | models Phoenix Pininfarina Pontiac | models Porsche | models Proton Renault | models Rolls-Royce | models Rover Saab | models Saturn | models Scion | models SEAT | models Shelby Skoda | models smart | models Subaru | models Spyker Suzuki | models Tata Tesla | models Toyota | models Volkswagen | models Volvo | models Wuling ZAP Latest supercars  more supercars Random car photo Advertise on Auto Spectator  Jump to manufacturer: --Choose a vehicle manufacturer-- Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Dacia Dodge Ferrari Fiat Ford GMC Holden Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Opel Peugeot Pontiac Porsche Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion SEAT Skoda smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Find a used car in your area Latest cars on Auto Spectator 2013 Audi RS 5 review, specs, photos, features 2013 Acura MDX review, specs, photos, features 2013 Acura ZDX review, specs, photos, features 2013 Acura TSX Sport Wagon review, specs, photos, features More new cars: << View all car pictures More recent vehicles: 2013 Acura TSX Sedan review, specs, photos, features 2013 Acura TL review, specs, photos, features 2006 Ford F-150 (XL, STX, XLT, FX4, Lariat) review, specs, photos, features 2006 Ford Explorer review, specs, photos, features 2006 Ford Taurus (SE, SEL) review, specs, photos, features 2006 Ford Crown Victoria (LX, Sport) review, specs, photos, features 2014 Acura RLX Sedan review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac Escalade (ESV, EXT) Premium review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac Escalade Hybrid review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Sport Wagon review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Sedan review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS Sport Wagon (Base, Luxury, Performance, Premium) review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS Sedan (Luxury, Performance, Premium) review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS-V Coupe review, specs, photos, features 2013 Cadillac CTS Coupe (Base, Performance, Premium) review, specs, photos, features 2013 Chevrolet Express Cargo Van review, specs, photos, features 2013 Chevrolet Equinox (LS, 1LT, 2LT, LTZ) review, specs, photos, features 2013 Chevrolet Tahoe Hybrid review, specs, photos, features 2013 Chevrolet Tahoe (LS, LT, LTZ) review, specs, photos, features 2013 Chevrolet Suburban (LTZ,LS, LT) review, specs, photos, features More vehicles ... Fond of flying? Try our new companion site, Aviation Spectator Fond of boating? Try our other new companion site, Boating Spectator Auto Spectator car photo galleries 2013 Model Year 2012 Model Year 2011 Model Year 2010 Model Year 2009 Model Year 2008 Model Year 2007 Model Year 2006 Model Year 2005 Model Year Latest green cars, electrics  hybrids 2013 Chevrolet Volt review, specs, photos, features 2013 Volvo V60 Plug-in Hybrid review, specs, photos, features 2013 Volvo V40 Cross Country (D2, D3, D4, T4, T5) review, specs, photos, features 2013 Volkswagen Polo BlueGT review, specs, photos, features 2013 Nissan Leaf Nismo RC review, specs, photos, features more Follow us on Twitter ...on which we pretty much just got around to setting up an account: Follow @AutoSpectator Auto tweets from the Interwebs Auto Shows NAIAS Detriot (Jan.) Washington Auto Show (Jan.) Chicago Auto Show (Feb.) Geneva Motor Show (Mar.) New York Intl Auto Show (Mar.) Auto China, Beijing (Apr.) Auto Shanghai (Apr.) Frankfurt Auto Show (Sept.) Paris Motor Show (Sept.) Tokyo Motor Show (Nov.) LA Auto Show (Dec.)  Syndicate Advertise on Auto Spectator All images courtesy of and copyright their respective manufacturers, unless otherwise indicated, without the express written permission of whom they may not be reproduced or retransmitted in any way. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Model news and specifications are presented as provided by manufacturer, and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of AutoSpectator.com. No warranty is made by AutoSpectator.com with respect to the accuracy or timeliness of the information contained herein. Privacy | Copyright © 2004-13 AutoSpectator.com 