 NashvilleGab - Country music news and Nashville celebrity gossip Your #1 source for the funnest and juiciest country music news and gossip around. Helping you keep up with your favorite Nashville superstars and country music celebrities since 2008. Read today what you'll be talking about tomorrow.  CountryMusic.Answers.com Find Out More  August 27, 2013 Jaida Dreyer - 10 Random Questions Jaida Dreyer is a very special individual. Its not often you find someone as talented as she is that also has a personality of a rainbow. She is sweet, funny and amazingly beautiful. The best part? She can sing  write songs like no one else. Jaida was born in Ontario and raised up in Iowa. At the young age of 19, Jaida was offered a publishing deal with Byron Gallimore. I figured it was time for the world to know a little bit more about Jaida Dreyer. 1. At what age did you know you wanted to pursue music? Its something I have always wanted to pursue. I grew up singing in church, choir and along with the radio. I was always a writer of sorts, but coming from my background it wasnt something that ever seemed tangible or realistic. I was 17 when I moved to Nashville and I kind of just threw myself into it. I think it was the best thing I ever done. 2. What artists did you listen to growing up? Dolly Parton, Kris Kristofferson, Lorette Lynn, Waylon Jennings, Wanda Jackson, Steve Earle etc* I was raised on traditional country music. I have always been most intrigued by the songwriters that sang. Theres just a certain kind of magic in listening to someone sing out their own stories and heartache. 3. What artists do you currently listen to? Corb Lund, Hayes Carll, Fred Eaglesmith, James McMurtry, Jessie Baylin, Mary Gauthier, Justin Townes Earle, Gillian Welch. Its an endless list for me. Theres so much great music out there for you to discover if you just open your ears. 4. If you could duet with any male artist who would you pick? At this exact moment, Id say Hank Williams III. Tomorrow would probably be Kris Kristofferson. Yesterday it was Jack White. 5. If you could have any superpower in the world, what would it be? Id be pretty keen on being able to teleport myself. 6. One food you cant live without? Mexican 7. Sweet or spicy? All of the above. Depends on the circumstance. 8. Do you have a life motto? Keep on keepin on 9. Do you think country music should evolve? Everything evolves and changes, whether we want it to or not. That being said, I feel like to know where were going in country music, we need to know and respect the foundation of what it was built on. I think a lot of artists choose to neglect that these days. 10. Any new projects in the works for you? This summer Ive spent a lot of time playing shows on the road and when Im home have really focused on writing again. I recently had a few songs placed in the ABC series Nashville. In the fall, well be going back into the studio to cut the first batch of songs for the new record and will hopefully have fresh ear candy released early next year. You can follow Jaida on twitter @jaidadreyer As always, for more country music updates, news  gossip follow me @brittwv  Posted by Brittany on August 27, 2013 at 09:18 AM in Interview | Permalink | Comments (0) Eric Church is the f***ing man I caught up with The Chief before his first show at Gillette Stadium last weekend. Not only is he my most favorite person to talk to, but his live show has actually gotten better since I last saw him. Granted, its been a few years. Having moved twice in the past 18 months, I actually missed him by less than 7 days twice! He feeds off the crowd, and the energy builds as the show goes on. By the end, you need to change your drawers for multiple reasons. Heres my interview...enjoy! Posted by Broadway on August 27, 2013 at 08:26 AM in Eric Church , Johnny Cash , Merle Haggard , Waylon Jennings | Permalink | Comments (0) Carrie Underwood is a swinger ... who knew? The things you find out about on social media. Brad Paisley had this Vine video up on Twitter showing that Carrie Underwood is a real swinger. This is so random. RT @carrieunderwood : Fun at Paisley Manor... https://t.co/TQn90OKN83 — Brad Paisley (@BradPaisley) August 27, 2013 Posted by Shannon on August 27, 2013 at 06:48 AM in Brad Paisley , Carrie Underwood | Permalink | Comments (0) August 26, 2013 Billy Ray Cyrus just wants world peace after Miley's VMA twerk-fest Photo via Twitter I wish, wish, wish that the word twerking (as in the dance)would just go away along with other annoying words such as YOLO and diet, but last night during the MTV VMAs, twerking was alive and well and scary as hell. Billy Ray Cyrus baby girl, Miley, decided to put on quite the show last night and twerked her way to VMA infamy by dirty dancing with some teddy bears, a foam finger, and Robin Thicke. It really was quite the spectacle. After the show, the internet exploded. Apparently a bit of the negativity reached Billy Ray because he took to his Twitter to pray for world peace. Thanking God for so many blessings tonight. Continue to pray for world peace. More love ...less hate. Yeah, would probably be better to pray for your daughter right about now. Maybe if Miley had just chosen to play some fun games somewhere like on Bingo Find , we wouldnt be having this whole conversation now. Sigh. If you happened to have missed the show then you missed some of the best reactions from the audience while Miley was on stage. Heres Taylor Swift and Will Smiths family. Their faces really do say it all. Photos via BuzzFeed If you missed Mileys sexploits, you can watch them below now. Get More: 2013 VMA , Artists.MTV , Music , Miley Cyrus Posted by Shannon on August 26, 2013 at 09:22 AM in Billy Ray Cyrus | Permalink | Comments (1) August 25, 2013 It appears that Taylor Swift may be the villain of this year's MTV Music Video Awards Clear back in 2009, the world was outraged by Kanye Wests brazen microphone kidnapping while Taylor was accepting the award for Best Female Video. However, it appears that four years later, Taylor has become the official villain of the VMAs. During tonights show, Taylor was once again awarded the Moonman for Best Female Video for I Knew You Were Trouble , but all anyone is talking about is how crappy she was to her ex, One Direction member Harry Styles, who was at the show. The first crappiness came when One Direction took the stage to announce the winner of the Best Pop Video. Taylor turned to her bestie Selena Gomez, who happened to be nominated, and said shut the fuck up, presumably aiming the sentiment to her ex up on stage. Selena ended up winning the award. Kind of sucked the wind out of Selenas win Im thinking. Then when Taylor took the stage to accept the award for Best Female Video, she couldnt help but throw a little shade towards an ex, presumably Harry, by saying“I also want to thank the person who inspired this song…who knows EXACTLY who he is.” Um, okay. Seriously, I think it may be time for Taylor to grow up just a bit and get over this whole ex thing. I think the world might be ready to break up with the whole woe is me bit - or maybe its just me who is over it. On a side note, Taylor looked absolutely stunning. Her hair was fabulous and her dress was amazing. Check out her whole look here . [GIF courtesy Tumblr ] Like what were sharing? Keep up with all the fun by following NashvilleGab on Twitter , Facebook , or subscribe to our feed . If you have something youd like to share, drop me a line at Shannon@NashvilleGab.com. Posted by Shannon on August 25, 2013 at 08:53 PM in Taylor Swift | Permalink | Comments (4) August 22, 2013 Jake Owen proves that having big cojones will sometimes get you noticed Lets face it, no matter how talented you are there will always be someone out there more talented. That goes for looks, money, skills, and many other things - no matter how much you have of something, someone else out there will have more. Thats when being creative and having a good understanding of thinking outside of the box sometimes comes in handy. Yesterday, Jake Owen tweeted a funny picture (or scary depending on how you look at it) of something unexpected he came across in his fuel tank. Only in Nashville will someone leave you their CD and biz card in your fuel tank... Just found this.. Smooth move!! pic.twitter.com/OIUUD7V5QM Too funny! I enlarged the photo and the business card is for Tyler and The Little Mountain Band. A quick Google search turned up a Facebook for the band and a YouTube account . It also turned up Tyler Hatleys Twitter account ( @TylerHatley ). I followed him and quickly got a message directly from Tyler. I asked him about the card and CD and he says that he and his drummer were at Jakes block party on Monday in Nashville and they thought it might be a good way to get a foot in the door. As for how he knew it was Jakes pickup ... thats easy, he had spotted pictures of it that Jake had posted in the past. Twitter ... helping stalkers and aspiring artists since 2006. Tyler says that he hasnt gotten a phone call from Jake yet, but watching the video below for Good Life, I have a feeling someone will be calling in the very near future.  Posted by Shannon on August 22, 2013 at 02:10 PM in Twitter , Up and Comers | Permalink | Comments (1) Chart Roundup – Week of August 31st, 2013 SHAKE-UP ALERT! Can we all just take a moment to appreciate that FloridaGeorgia Line have dropped from #1 on Hot Country Songs and Country DigitalSongs? ‘Cruise’ is down to #2 on both, while ‘Here’s To The Good Times’ has alsobeen pushed to #2 on Top Country Albums. In addition, ‘Round Here’ has suffereda fall to #8 on Hot Country Songs and #10 on Country Digital Songs. It remainsat #7 on Country Airplay. The culprit for Florida Georgia Line’s slide down the chartsis Luke Bryan (kind of unfortunately), with ‘That’s My Kind of Night’, whichhas shot to #1 on Hot Country Songs and Country Digital Songs (plus #16 onCountry Airplay) this week alongside the release of his 4 th album ‘CrashMy Party’, which of course is also at #1. Amazingly, his last single of thesame name is also at #3 on Hot Country Songs and two songs from his new albumhave hit Country Digital Songs; ‘Play It Again’ at #22 and ‘Dirt Road Diary’ at#20. In addition, his past album ‘Tailgates  Tanlines’ is at #4 on TopCountry Albums. Continue reading "Chart Roundup – Week of August 31st, 2013"  Posted by Vickye on August 22, 2013 at 11:22 AM in Music News | Permalink | Comments (2) Older Gab   NashvilleGab Mobile  Find out how to write for NashvilleGab here Home About Me The Gab Blogroll Artist Pages Advertising on NashvilleGab Archives Privacy and disclosure Got a hot tip? Email me at shannon@nashvillegab.com Recent Posts Jaida Dreyer - 10 Random Questions Eric Church is the f***ing man Carrie Underwood is a swinger ... who knew? Billy Ray Cyrus just wants world peace after Miley's VMA twerk-fest It appears that Taylor Swift may be the villain of this year's MTV Music Video Awards Jake Owen proves that having big cojones will sometimes get you noticed Chart Roundup – Week of August 31st, 2013 This week Kellie Pickler, 'Little Bit Gypsy' - Single Review Frankie Ballard says writers can be divas CHECK OUT THESE LINKS Nashville Luxury Homes Meta Trader 4 Why Options Check out BarrysTickets.com for great prices on Sugarland Tickets , Taylor Swift Tickets , Rascal Flatts Tickets and all Nashville Concert Tickets _____________________________________________ CHECK OUT MY FAVORITE COUNTRY SITES CHECK OUT THE ARTIST PAGES Categories Aaron Tippin Accident Alabama Alan Jackson Album news Alison Kraus Andy Griggs Ashley Monroe Ashton Shepherd Austin Law Awards Bacon Brothers Band Behind the Scenes Bellamy Brothers Belly watch Big & Rich Billy Currington Billy Gilman Billy Ray Cyrus Birthday Blackberry Smoke Blake Shelton Blake Shelton Cruise Bomshel Book Brad Paisley Brantley Gilbert Breakups Brett Eldredge Brooks and Dunn Bucky Covington Burns Buses Caroline Kole Carolyn Dawn Johnson Carrie Underwood Carter Twins Carter's Chord Casey James Cassadee Pope CD artwork Celeb Products Charlie Daniels Band Charlie Worsham Chely Wright Chris Cagle Chris Janson Chris Young Chuck Wicks Clay Walker Clint Black Collin Raye Colt Ford Concert Contest Coppola Sisters Country Crossovers Country on Netflix Country Politics Court Yard Hounds Cowboy Troy Craig Campbell Craig Morgan Cross Canadian Ragweed Crystal Gayle Crystal Shawanda Dakota Bradley Danielle Bradbery Danielle Peck Danny Gokey Darius Rucker Darryl Worley Daryle Singletary Dating David Adam Byrnes David Allan Coe David Nail Deal of the Day Deana Carter Diamond Rio Dierks Bentley Divorce Dixie Chicks Dolly Parton Doug Stone Due West Dustin Lynch Dwight Yoakam Easton Corbin Edens Edge Eli Young Band Elvis Presley Emerson Drive Emily Brooke Emily West Emmylou Harris Eric Church Eric Durrance Events EzraJane Faith Hill Family Fans and Paparazzi Fashion Festivals Fight Flashback Florida Georgia Line Food and Drink For a good cause Frankie Ballard Freebies From the mailbag Garth Brooks Gary Allan George Jones George Strait Get Well Soon Glen Campbell Gloriana Grand Ole Opry Gretchen Wilson Guess Who Guest posts Gwen Sebastian Halfway to Hazard Hall of Fame Hank 3 Hank Williams, Jr. Heidi Newfield Holiday Holly Williams Homes Hunter Hayes In Honor Of Interview Jack Ingram Jake Owen James Dupré James Otto Jamey Johnson Jamie's Reviews Jana Kramer JaneDear Girls Jaron and the Long Road to Love Jason Aldean Jason Blaine Jason Meadows Jason Michael Carroll Jason Rogers Jeff Bridges Jennette McCurdy Jennifer Nettles Jerrod Niemann Jesse Keith Whitley Jessica Harp Jessica Simpson Jessie James Jett Williams Jewel Jimmy Dean Jimmy Wayne Jo Dee Messina Joe Diffie Joe Nichols Joey and Rory John Anderson John Michael Montgomery John Rich Johnny Cash Josh Charles Josh Gracin Josh Kelley Josh Thompson Josh Turner JT Hodges Julianne Hough June Carter Cash Junk Gypsies Justin Haigh Justin Moore K.D. Lang Kacey Musgraves Katie Armiger Keith Anderson Keith Urban Kellie Pickler Kelly Clarkson Kenny Chesney Kenny Rogers Kevin Sharp Kid Rock Kids Kingston Kip Moore Kix Brooks Kris Kristofferson Krista Marie Kristen Kelly Kristian Bush Kristin Chenoweth Kristy Lee Cook Krystal Keith Kyle Turley Lady Antebellum Laura Bell Bundy Lauren Alaina LeAnn Rimes Lee Ann Womack Lee Brice Lee Greenwood Little Big Town LoCash Cowboys Logan Mize Loretta Lynn Lorrie Morgan Love and Theft Luke Bryan Luke Walton Lyle Lovett Magazines Maggie Rose Mallary Hope Margaret Durante Mark Chesnutt Mark Wills Martina McBride Marty Stuart Mary Chapin Carpenter Matt Stillwell Matthew Huff Merle Haggard Michelle Branch Military Mindy McCready Miranda Lambert Miscellaneous People Miss Willie Brown Modern West Montgomery Gentry Monty Lane Allen Movie News Music News Music Video Naomi Judd Nashville Ink Natalie Maines Neal McCoy New country artists New Music Not country but funny Oak Ridge Boys Old Crow Medicine Show One Flew South One Night Rodeo Ouch Pam Tillis Parmalee Pat Green Patti Page Patty Loveless Pets Phil Stacey Phil Vassar Photo shoots Pistol Annies Pranks Press Release Product Promotions R.I.P. Radio RaeLynn Randy Houser Randy Montana Randy Owen Randy Rogers Band Randy Travis Rant Rascal Flatts Reader shoutout Readers Reality TV Reba McEntire Rest in Peace Review Ricky Skaggs Ridley Bent Rihanna Rissi Palmer Robyn Chrystyne Rodney Atkins Ronnie Dunn Ronnie Milsap Rosanne Cash Rumor Mill Ryan Bingham Ryan Laird Sad Sammy Kershaw Sara Evans SaraBeth Sarah Buxton Sarah Darling Sarah Jarosz Savanna Say What? Scotty McCreery Sean Patrick McGraw Sexy Shane Wyatt Shania Twain SHeDAISY Shelby Lynne Sheryl Crow Shooter Jennings Songs I'm digging right now Sons of Sylvia Sports Sports stuff Spouses Statler Brothers Stealing Angels Steals and deals Steel Magnolia Steve Holy Steve Martin Steve Wariner Stormy Montana Stuff Sugarland Suite Caroline Tammy Wynette Tanya Tucker Tara Oram Tate Stevens Taylor Swift Teaming up Technical Difficulties Television Terri Clark The Band Perry The Bellamy Brothers The Boxmasters The Civil Wars The Farm The funny file The Grascals The Harters The Help The Henningsens The Idiot File The Judds The Legal File The Lost Trailers The McClymonts The Road Hammers The Zac Brown Band Thomas Rhett Thompson Square Those Darlins Til death do we part Tim McGraw Tin Cup Gypsy To Answer That Fan Question Toby Keith Tour Trace Adkins Tracy Byrd Tracy Lawrence Trailer Choir Travel Travis Tritt Trent Tomlinson Trent Willmon Trisha Yearwood TV Twitter Ty Herndon Tyler Farr Up and Comers Vacation Video Vince Gill Vince Mira Waylon Jennings Web/Tech Weblogs Western Underground Whitney Duncan Will Hoge Willie Nelson Wynnona Judd YouTube Country Unknowns   