  Calendar  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies Minneapolis News Local News Blog Ask a Mexican Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Minneapolis Events Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Tickets Minneapolis Beer Festival Minneapolis Music Music Blog Concert Calendar Minneapolis Nightlife Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile Music Ads 10K Sounds ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Minneapolis Restaurants Food Blog Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Minneapolis Arts Arts Blog Minneapolis Theater Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Minneapolis Movies Showtimes Movie Trailers Film Festivals Film Newsletter Podcast Get Mobile Free Stuff Things to do in Minneapolis 2013 2012 2011 2010 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads Best Of Poll Minneapolis Promotions Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets Minneapolis Classifieds Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter  Food Music Events Movies Search Events Filter Events Date Tue Aug 27th - Mon Sep 2nd T 27  W 28  T 29  F 30  S 31  S 1  M 2  This Weekend Range Date Range:  -  Event Type  Music (840)  Arts (172)  Literary Events (114)  Art - Galleries (104)  Festivals (59)  Theater (58)  Barhopping (56) Show More   Music (840)  Arts (172)  Literary Events (114)  Art - Galleries (104)  Festivals (59)  Theater (58)  Barhopping (56)  Adult (3)  Art - Galleries (104)  Art - Museums (53)  Arts (172)  Auto (1)  Barhopping (56)  Baseball (7)  Basketball (3)  Benefits (54)  Burlesque (5)  Cabaret (3)  Christmas (9)  Comedy (36)  Dance (53)  Drag (3)  Expos (8)  Family Events (33)  Farmers' Markets (36)  Fashion and Style (6)  Festivals (59)  Film (17)  Food and Drink (14)  Halloween (3)  Haunted Houses (1)  Holiday (15)  Labor Day (3)  Lectures (36)  LGBT Events (9)  Literary Events (114)  Music (840)  Open Mic (1)  Parties and Receptions (19)  Performance Art (1)  Performing Arts (9)  Poetry (14)  Soccer (5)  Spoken Word (9)  Sports - Participatory (26)  Sports - Spectator (20)  St. Patrick's Day (2)  Theater (58)  Valentine's Day (1) Neighborhood  Minneapolis (Downtown) (611)  Check/UnCheck All    Minneapolis (Downtown) (611)  Minneapolis (North & Northeast) (184)  Check/UnCheck All    Camden (1)   North Minneapolis (5)   Northeast Minneapolis (77)   University (101)  Minneapolis (South) (268)  Check/UnCheck All    Airport (3)   Kingfield (4)   Nokomis (6)   Powderhorn (2)   Seward/ Longfellow/ Minnehaha (42)   Southwest Minneapolis (7)   Uptown/ Eat Street (204)  Outstate (40)  Check/UnCheck All    Outstate (40)  St. Paul (Downtown) (122)  Check/UnCheck All    St. Paul (Downtown) (122)  St. Paul (Greater) (107)  Check/UnCheck All    Como (27)   Macalester/Groveland (78)   Phalen (2)  Suburbs (215)  Check/UnCheck All    Apple Valley (5)   Blaine (7)   Bloomington (10)   Brooklyn Park (1)   Burnsville (7)   Chanhassen (20)   Chaska (3)   Columbia Heights (1)   Coon Rapids (2)   Crystal (1)   Eagan (7)   Eden Prairie (6)   Edina (23)   Excelsior (8)   Fridley (7)   Golden Valley (11)   Hopkins (13)   Inver Grove Heights (7)   Lakeville (7)   Maple Grove (5)   Maplewood (12)   Minnetonka (4)   Moundsview (2)   Navarre (6)   Oakdale (1)   Plymouth (2)   Richfield (1)   Robbinsdale (2)   Rosemount (1)   Roseville (9)   Shakopee (7)   Shoreview (1)   South St. Paul (2)   St. Louis Park (3)   St. Paul Park (1)   Wayzata (1)   West St. Paul (2)   White Bear Lake (6)   Woodbury (1)  Wisconsin (3)  Check/UnCheck All    Wisconsin (3)  Calendar of Events in Minneapolis Tuesday, August 27 Depeche Mode  Minnesota State Fair Grandstand Depeche Mode's influence on electronic music is incalculable. They're up there with Kraftwerk, Aphex Twin, and Daft Punk. Only six years after the Essex-formed group's debut LP, a seemingly endless string of chart-scaling tracks birthed a greatest-hits album by 1987. And this was before they hit paydirt with "Personal Jesus" and "Enjoy the Silence" on 1990's Violator. They aged well into the... Read more about this event  So Fresh and So Green  Intermedia Arts This Thursday, Intermedia Arts' Catalyst Series will open a new exhibition featuring work by the Tantrum Arts Collective. Titled "So Fresh and So Green," pieces on display will explore themes of racial injustice, environmental crisis, economic unbalance, homophobia, and transphobia. Tantrum Arts member Katrina Knutson says that the collective was founded after the last B-Girl Be gallery show,... Read more about this event  Weekly Happy Hours  Blackbird Although many restaurants close over the years, few are forced to do so because of fire. This is what happened at Blackbird's original 50th and Bryant location in 2010. A benefit party and a new lease later, the pleasant little restaurant has flourished in its new digs at 38th and Nicollet. The decor is charmingly artsy and features an odd mix of steel chairs, warm lighting, church pews, and... Read more about this event  Daily Happy Hours  Herkimer Pub & Brewery Don't try to order up a Surly at the Herkimer; this joint actually makes their own beers. And though some brews are better than others, most are pretty decent. You can try their best award-winning items easily during the 10 after 10 happy hour. For $10 after 10 p.m., barhoppers can enjoy five mini-burgers, sweet-potato fries, and choose between a pint of the Alt Bier (a pale ale) or the Sky... Read more about this event  Its New/It's Now: Recent Gifts of Contemporary Prints and Drawings  Minneapolis Institute of Arts If you're looking to go to an exhibit featuring multiple, one-name luminaries  Warhol, Lichtenstein, Johns  a prints and drawings exhibition is often your best bet. Less expensive than other forms of contemporary art, prints from a steadily expanding number of high-end presses have been a favorite of collectors for more than 50 years. The MIA's new exhibit, "It's New/It's Now,"... Read more about this event  The Lake  Burnet Gallery at Le Meridien Chambers Hotel Local photographer Mark Heithoff's "The Lake" is a series that was four years in the making. For the project, he explored the world of boating culture, snapping shots of folks on the water at Lake Minnetonka. The experiment, however, got off to a rocky start. "The first summer, I'd spot a boat that I knew would make a compelling image and we'd beeline straight for it," he recounts.... Read more about this event  Live Racing  Running Aces Harness Park While modern harness racing isn't quite as dramatic (or life-threatening) as the chariot races of ancient Rome, it's still a lot of fun to watch. Like any summertime sporting venue, Running Aces Harness Park features a variety of theme nights and giveaways throughout its season, such as Beach Party Day (June 23), Super Hero Day (June 30), and Whiskey and Cigar Night (August 10). Weekly deals... Read more about this event  Pride and Prejudice  Guthrie Theater While real-world passions have a tendency to cool over time, the amorous heart of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has been fervently beating since its debut over 200 years ago. Set amid the refined gentry of 19th-century England, the improbable yet inevitable attraction between the headstrong Elizabeth Bennet and the haughty Mr. Darcy has been prime swooning material for generations of... Read more about this event  Emily Galati  Acme Comedy Co. Emily Galati isn't having a great summer. "Last week I had to go the emergency room, because I had a bad reaction to a mosquito bite," she says. "Kind of ruins your whole summer when you can't go outside." Based in Chicago, the Arizona native has been headlining more and more across the country. She spoke to City Pages from South Carolina. "It's not bad so far," she reports. "I've slept most... Read more about this event  More Tuesday Events >> Wednesday, August 28 Walker Art Center's 2nd Annual Internet Cat Video Fest  Minnesota State Fairgrounds Minnesota State Fairgrounds GrandstandEntertainment options at the Minnesota State Fair Grandstand have a history of eclecticism, offering everything from stadium rock to amateur talent shows. For all its diversity, however, few previous Grandstand events have stood out quite like the Internet Cat Video Fest. Curated by the Walker Art Center, the festival is an expansion of the wildly popular... Read more about this event  Dirty Dancing  Calhoun Square While screenings at Lake Harriet are winding down and Music & Movies in Loring Park finished up last week, there still are a few places around town screening flicks under the stars. One of those spots is in a parking garage, believe it or not. This Wednesday, the top level of Calhoun Square's parking ramp will be hosting a showing of Dirty Dancing. Bring lawn chairs or other comfortable... Read more about this event  Desaparecidos  First Avenue Roaring back to life last year after decade of silence, Conor Oberst's post-punk quintet Desaparecidos miraculously sound even more angry and alienated as adults than they did as a bunch of barely-legal dudes. The three 7-inch singles they've released since reuniting still are politically charged and aggressively played as their anti-establishment predecessor, 2002's Read Music/Speak Spanish.... Read more about this event  Justin Schlepp: The Counter-Paralypse  David Petersen Gallery Justin Schlepp creates finely wrought, interrogative, mysterious drawings in which a line at once reveals and confounds. That's one way of describing his work. As the press material for his first solo exhibition at David Peterson Gallery puts it, "His work involves the daily practice of drawing as an idiotic correspondence course, hinged and replete with prerequisites and spasms, involving as... Read more about this event  The Death Comedy Jam  Grumpy's Bar & Grill If you've ever considered writing some jokes and giving standup comedy a try, know this: That first time is gonna be brutal. That being the case, you might as well test your mettle in the most brutal setting possible, which in Minneapolis means hitting up the Death Comedy Jam at the downtown Grumpy's. The show's so tough it was for several years emceed by the Grim Reaper, who ushered the... Read more about this event  Minnesota State Fair  Minnesota State Fairgrounds Though Minnesotans have been known to hold divergent views on an endless range of topics, there is one commonality capable of uniting citizens from all corners of our state. Inaugurated in 1859, the Minnesota State Fair remains a cherished end-of-summer tradition for Minnesotans from all walks of life. Perennial attractions reflective of the state's agrarian background include livestock... Read more about this event  Diana Ross  Orpheum Theatre Diana Ross's last new material was 2007's unremarkable I Love You, but with a full-size band in tow and multicolored dresses more extravagant than those she wore during Motown's prime, she still puts on a strong live show. There's also her music: One of the few vocalists who found a footing in the pop landscapes of both the mid-'60s (as leader of the confectionary Supremes) and the early '80s... Read more about this event  Kristie Bretzke: Poolscapes  Groveland Gallery What is it about empty swimming pools? Site-specific choreographers love to make dances in them. When languishing in the backyard of a foreclosed home, they entice curious passersby with possibility. And painter Kristi Bretzke has chosen them as the subject of her next exhibition at Groveland Gallery. Bretzke paints them with a nostalgia that reinforces their aspect as magnificent ruins,... Read more about this event  Mark Poolos  Rick Bronson's House of Comedy Mark Poolos always wanted to be a performer, but not necessarily a standup comedian. "I was always the funny kid in my family," he says. "When stuff would get rough, I'd be silly. Growing up, I was before the times of being given medication for ADD." As an adult, Poolos pursued acting and voice-over work, but was told repeatedly by casting people in New York to try standup comedy. He was... Read more about this event  Pride and Prejudice  Guthrie Theater While real-world passions have a tendency to cool over time, the amorous heart of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has been fervently beating since its debut over 200 years ago. Set amid the refined gentry of 19th-century England, the improbable yet inevitable attraction between the headstrong Elizabeth Bennet and the haughty Mr. Darcy has been prime swooning material for generations of... Read more about this event  Emily Galati  Acme Comedy Co. Emily Galati isn't having a great summer. "Last week I had to go the emergency room, because I had a bad reaction to a mosquito bite," she says. "Kind of ruins your whole summer when you can't go outside." Based in Chicago, the Arizona native has been headlining more and more across the country. She spoke to City Pages from South Carolina. "It's not bad so far," she reports. "I've slept most... Read more about this event  Open Mic  The Joke Joint Comedy Club It was a potentially risky gambit for the Joke Joint to relocate from its former spot at the Ramada Inn in Bloomington, near the high-traffic area of the MOA, but the move across the river to Lilydale near South St. Paul proved fortuitous. The new digs, in the old Diamond Jim's location with its cozy balcony and old-fashioned saloon motif, is a distinctive and intimate space where the club... Read more about this event  More Wednesday Events >> Thursday, August 29 Birds of Chicago  7th St. Entry The collective Birds of Chicago is built around the beguiling vocals and sublime, roots-infused songs of Allison Russell and JT Nero, a.k.a. Jeremy Lindsay. Late last year the pair released the effusively praised eponymous debut album of their new entity, which can quickly expand with accordions, horns, extra vocalists, and more. Here, they'll be joined by drummer Nick Chambers and bassist... Read more about this event  Minnesota State Fair  Minnesota State Fairgrounds Though Minnesotans have been known to hold divergent views on an endless range of topics, there is one commonality capable of uniting citizens from all corners of our state. Inaugurated in 1859, the Minnesota State Fair remains a cherished end-of-summer tradition for Minnesotans from all walks of life. Perennial attractions reflective of the state's agrarian background include livestock... Read more about this event  Labor Day Festivities  Canterbury Park This week, Canterbury Park will be celebrating Labor Day weekend with a variety of special happenings and activities. Though the park is open on Thursday as usual, things really kick off Friday with Canterbury Uncorked. During the party, which starts at 6 p.m., guests will be able to sip wine with experts who will share their thoughts and knowledge on each varietal. Friday through Sunday, the... Read more about this event  History Happy Hour: Brewing in Saint Paul  Alexander Ramsey House Thanks to new craft breweries popping up what seems like every other day, Minnesota's modern-day beer scene is flourishing. However, past eras in the state weren't too shabby, either. For this installment of History Happy Hour, a monthly 21-plus evening boasting drinks, talks, and activities at the Alexander Ramsay House, folks will learn a little bit more about our sudsy past. Summit Brewing... Read more about this event  Codes and Coordinates  TractorWorks Building Nothing raises an artist's profile quite like getting his work destroyed. This past June, visual artist Chris Williams (a.k.a. CAW) gained local notoriety when his mural, created on the Midtown Greenway for the Greenway Glow, was partially whitewashed by the county  despite Williams receiving permission from the building's landlord, the Midtown Greenway Coalition, and Sunrise Cyclery... Read more about this event  Happy Hours  Tiger Sushi 2 Located on the first floor of the condo stacks mere blocks from Lake and Lyndale, Tiger Sushi is an easy place to stop in for a sushi fix on days when the super-popular Fuji-Ya is a bit too crowded. The ambiance is nice, the bars are long, and the space never feels overly packed, even when it is really busy (as one recent Groupon night demonstrated). Seafood of any sort can rack up the bill,... Read more about this event  Maya: Hidden Worlds Revealed  Science Museum of Minnesota Remember a year or so ago when people started panicking because they believed that Mayan artifacts foretold our world's end? Well, that didn't happen. Regardless, the bits we do know about Mayan culture and society are incredibly interesting. The Science Museum of Minnesota's latest ongoing show, "Maya: Hidden Worlds Revealed," explores the ancient civilization through artworks such as jade... Read more about this event  Terrain: Rhythm and Place  Form + Content Gallery The illustrious members of Form + Content curate the gallery's exhibitions. Jil Evans and Jody Williams have created this one, featuring prints by Cathy Ryan and sculptures by John Saurer, based on "their shared appreciation of artists who use a cool aesthetic to express expansive, charged ideas." What do they mean by "cool"? A look at the artwork gives rise to descriptors like "disciplined"... Read more about this event  Church Basement Ladies: The Last (Potluck) Supper  Plymouth Playhouse After five installments, the story of song-loving women who control the kitchen at a Lutheran Church in a small Minnesota town is coming to an end. Well, coming to an end as far as the story goes. The series has been a sensational success over the last decade, playing to sold-out houses not just in Minnesota, but also around the country. The latest entry takes place in 1979 at the centenary... Read more about this event  Howard Hawks: America's Greatest Director?  Heights Theater Just as actors are frequently typecast in a specific kind of role, some movie directors throughout history have found themselves relegated to a narrowly defined genre. While many directors have rebelled against such constrictive labels, few have crossed genres with as much innovative artistry and commercial success as Howard Hawks. A legendary figure in Hollywood's storied Golden Age, Hawks... Read more about this event  Mark Poolos  Rick Bronson's House of Comedy Mark Poolos always wanted to be a performer, but not necessarily a standup comedian. "I was always the funny kid in my family," he says. "When stuff would get rough, I'd be silly. Growing up, I was before the times of being given medication for ADD." As an adult, Poolos pursued acting and voice-over work, but was told repeatedly by casting people in New York to try standup comedy. He was... Read more about this event  Singin' in the Rain  Bloomington Civic Theatre As a stage adaptation, Singin' in the Rain has always had the decked stacked against success. The source material, after all, is frequently counted among the most beloved musicals in Hollywood history. Considering the film's revered reputation, stage variations have long seemed destined to suffer by comparison. Bloomington Civic Theatre, however, has never shied away from ambitious... Read more about this event  Emily Galati  Acme Comedy Co. Emily Galati isn't having a great summer. "Last week I had to go the emergency room, because I had a bad reaction to a mosquito bite," she says. "Kind of ruins your whole summer when you can't go outside." Based in Chicago, the Arizona native has been headlining more and more across the country. She spoke to City Pages from South Carolina. "It's not bad so far," she reports. "I've slept most... Read more about this event  More Thursday Events >> Friday, August 30 The Love Language  Turf Club Recorded with rotating players and produced by the Twin Cites' very own BJ Burton, the Love Language's third album, Ruby Red, approaches the Arcade Fire's expansive anthems. Frontman Stuart McLamb's impassioned crooning fits the cinematically inclined material, which spans swooning orchestral-pop ("Hi Life") and spiky garage-rock ("First Shot"). Wall-of-sound indie-rock can still feel... Read more about this event  Sougwen Chung: Chiaro/Oscuro  Public Functionary Public Functionary's second exhibition is another solo show, this one the first for New York-based, Chinese-Canadian artist Sougwen Chung. "Chiaro/Oscuro," as the 17th-century painting term indicates, focuses on the juxtaposition and commingling of light and dark using a variety of media. Faint Magazine described the work as "turbulent and full of movement, but simultaneously serene  a... Read more about this event  MN Music On-A-Stick  Minnesota State Fair Grandstand The yearly tradition that is MN Music-On-A-Stick is a testament to the State Fair's magical drawing power  both for the fans and the musicians performing. The 89.3 the Current-assembled lineup features Duluth party pickin' experts Trampled by Turtles, folk vet Mason Jennings, Rhymesayers rapper P.O.S, and hip-hop trio the Chalice. Each says plenty for the diverse and wonderful scene... Read more about this event  Transmission: Tribute to John Hughes  First Avenue "Retro" is a tricky niche to slot a dance night into. Usually you've got to find yourself an era and a genre, hew towards the hits, and maybe garnish it with an outsized wink, a double-pistol-point and a smirking acknowledgement that you think the past is, well, kinda goofy. But Transmission doesn't constrict itself to that kind of semi-insincere kitsch. Helmed by DJ Jake Rudh, a veteran of... Read more about this event  Rosie Flores  Minnesota State Fairgrounds This two-day lineup at the Bandshell should get a blue ribbon. Rockabilly filly Rosie Flores (pictured), here leading her Rivetors, can be subtle guitarist but also spit lightning on electric, a singer who can do heartache as well as wire-tough and a clever writer to boot. Her latest, Working Girl's Guitar, stretches from roots rock to hard country, surf and swing, winding up with a terrific,... Read more about this event  Minnesota State Fair  Minnesota State Fairgrounds Though Minnesotans have been known to hold divergent views on an endless range of topics, there is one commonality capable of uniting citizens from all corners of our state. Inaugurated in 1859, the Minnesota State Fair remains a cherished end-of-summer tradition for Minnesotans from all walks of life. Perennial attractions reflective of the state's agrarian background include livestock... Read more about this event  Labor Day Festivities  Canterbury Park This week, Canterbury Park will be celebrating Labor Day weekend with a variety of special happenings and activities. Though the park is open on Thursday as usual, things really kick off Friday with Canterbury Uncorked. During the party, which starts at 6 p.m., guests will be able to sip wine with experts who will share their thoughts and knowledge on each varietal. Friday through Sunday, the... Read more about this event  Eddie Griffin  Orpheum Theatre For the vast majority of working Americans, Labor Day is an occasion for rest and relaxation. Standup comedy, however, is a profession that doesn't take vacation days. Emphasizing this point, seasoned comic Eddie Griffin will be taking the Orpheum stage to lead the Labor Day Comedy Explosion. Griffin made his name in standup applying a brash irreverence to cultural observations that many... Read more about this event  Mike Yamada, Victoria Ying  MCAD Gallery Disney Animation Studios' Mike Yamada and Victoria Ying, a husband-and-wife team, will be stopping in Minneapolis this week for an artists' talk at Minneapolis College of Art and Design before heading to nearby Glam Doll Donuts for a meet-and-greet. Yamada and Ying started their own design studio, Extracurricular Activities, as a way to pursue creative projects together outside of their day... Read more about this event  Harmony in Red: New Self Portraits by Paige Dansinger  SOOlocal: A Division of SooVAC The work in Minneapolis artist and media innovator Paige Dansinger's first solo exhibition is largely created using #DrawArt, an iPad program she co-developed to connect new media with audiences. The focus of the show is the self-portrait she made, using the app, of her version of Henri Matisse's Reclining Odalisque (Harmony in Red) with herself inserted. During the exhibition, she'll team up... Read more about this event  Kristie Bretzke: Poolscapes  Groveland Gallery What is it about empty swimming pools? Site-specific choreographers love to make dances in them. When languishing in the backyard of a foreclosed home, they entice curious passersby with possibility. And painter Kristi Bretzke has chosen them as the subject of her next exhibition at Groveland Gallery. Bretzke paints them with a nostalgia that reinforces their aspect as magnificent ruins,... Read more about this event  Leaning Tower Happy Hour  Leaning Tower Of Pizza Of the many bars scattered along Lyndale Avenue, the Leaning Tower of Pizza is one that truly feels like a neighborhood bar. There's parking across the street by the laundromat, but it is usually pretty empty because most customers walk or bike over for the evening. While many patrons stick to beer and cigarettes on the outside patio, the pizza is pretty good, too. On Mondays you can get a... Read more about this event  Reviewing the Real  Frederick R. Weisman Art Museum The Walker's done it. The MIA's done it. Now, it's the Weisman's turn. Investigating "the real," that is, via artists' ever-shifting perceptions of what constitutes the actual, the fake, and the simulacra. Gleaned from the Weisman Art Museum's collection by guest curator Christina Chang, the works in this show are displayed in six categories: documentary (is objectivity possible?), pictures... Read more about this event  Meta Con  Hyatt Regency Minneapolis If the annual FallCon comic book convention in October just isn't big enough, diverse enough, or coming soon enough for you, then the second annual Meta Con at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Minneapolis may be the thing you're looking for. The event is a three-day combo package that unites comic-cons with sci-fi conventions for one massive, costumed alternate universe for the fanboy/girl in... Read more about this event  Firkin Fridays  Grumpy's Bar & Grill Folks looking to start Labor Day weekend a little early may want to check in with Grumpy's Firkin Fridays. Each week, the bar sets up snack food and a cask-conditioned beer to be enjoyed by all until it's gone. What kind of beer? That varies, as the brew is usually announced the day of the event via the Grumpy's Twitter account. Past pours have included Epic Brewing Company's Spiral Jetty,... Read more about this event  Mark Poolos  Rick Bronson's House of Comedy Mark Poolos always wanted to be a performer, but not necessarily a standup comedian. "I was always the funny kid in my family," he says. "When stuff would get rough, I'd be silly. Growing up, I was before the times of being given medication for ADD." As an adult, Poolos pursued acting and voice-over work, but was told repeatedly by casting people in New York to try standup comedy. He was... Read more about this event  Pride and Prejudice  Guthrie Theater While real-world passions have a tendency to cool over time, the amorous heart of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice has been fervently beating since its debut over 200 years ago. Set amid the refined gentry of 19th-century England, the improbable yet inevitable attraction between the headstrong Elizabeth Bennet and the haughty Mr. Darcy has been prime swooning material for generations of... Read more about this event  Emily Galati  Acme Comedy Co. Emily Galati isn't having a great summer. "Last week I had to go the emergency room, because I had a bad reaction to a mosquito bite," she says. "Kind of ruins your whole summer when you can't go outside." Based in Chicago, the Arizona native has been headlining more and more across the country. She spoke to City Pages from South Carolina. "It's not bad so far," she reports. "I've slept most... Read more about this event  The Comedy Corner Open Mic Night  The Corner Bar In 2009, a quirk of the Minneapolis liquor code that required special licensing to perform standup comedy temporarily put a halt to the Comedy Corner Underground's Friday night open mic and threatened other comedy shows around town. After local comedians worked with the city government to amend the law, the room reopened with a renewed vigor and sense of purpose, now hosting multiple shows... Read more about this event  More Friday Events >> Saturday, August 31 The Lower 48 (album-release)  Triple Rock Social Club Nearly four years after moving to Portland, ex-locals the Lower 48 return to town older, wiser, and far grittier in sound. Their new self-titled EP, recorded as a trio after splitting with a longtime member, finds core vocalists-songwriters Sarah Parson and Ben Braden now worshiping at the altar of the Kinks rather than the Decemberists. Sha-la-la- and handclap-heavy, the band's foray into... Read more about this event  Titus Andronicus  7th St. Entry New Jersey-based punks Titus Andronicus established themselves as one of indie's strongest live acts on the heels of 2008's lo-fi salvo The Airing of Grievances and 2010's American Civil War-based The Monitor. Still, finding that the bulky instrumentation of those LPs made it challenging to formulate a show that could be truly faithful to their studio output (the Vandronicus doesn't have room... Read more about this event  Hevy Syrup  Hexagon Bar When Isaac Mann moved back to the Twin Cities a couple of years ago to start a band, he had only two requirements. One, his new project would be guitar-based, and two, high school bandmate Matt Sairio would be involved. Hevy Syrup, a guttural riff-rock band that never sacrifices attitude for subtlety, makes good on both counts. "Guitars have been pushed to the background lately," Mann says,... Read more about this event  Rosie Flores  Minnesota State Fairgrounds This two-day lineup at the Bandshell should get a blue ribbon. Rockabilly filly Rosie Flores (pictured), here leading her Rivetors, can be subtle guitarist but also spit lightning on electric, a singer who can do heartache as well as wire-tough and a clever writer to boot. Her latest, Working Girl's Guitar, stretches from roots rock to hard country, surf and swing, winding up with a terrific,... Read more about this event  Minnesota State Fair  Minnesota State Fairgrounds Though Minnesotans have been known to hold divergent views on an endless range of topics, there is one commonality capable of uniting citizens from all corners of our state. Inaugurated in 1859, the Minnesota State Fair remains a cherished end-of-summer tradition for Minnesotans from all walks of life. Perennial attractions reflective of the state's agrarian background include livestock... Read more about this event  Minnesota Renaissance Festival  Renaissance Festival Site In recent years, the burgeoning popularity of genre gatherings like ComicCon has made it possible for fans to indulge their interests with unguarded abandon. But even the most enthusiastic of superhero cosplayers would be envious of the fully immersive fantasyland provided by the annual Minnesota Renaissance Festival. Celebrating its 43rd season, the Ren Fest transforms 22 acres of... Read more about this event  Labor Day Festivities  Canterbury Park This week, Canterbury Park will be celebrating Labor Day weekend with a variety of special happenings and activities. Though the park is open on Thursday as usual, things really kick off Friday with Canterbury Uncorked. During the party, which starts at 6 p.m., guests will be able to sip wine with experts who will share their thoughts and knowledge on each varietal. Friday through Sunday, the... Read more about this event  Agent Fidelio: A Picnic Operetta  Stone's Throw Urban Farm When one is selecting an operetta to be performed alfresco, Beethoven's Fidelio is far from an obvious choice. For one thing, the work isn't typically considered an operetta at all: That form tends to be lighter in music, mood, and theme than full-scale operas. Though not without its buoyant passages, Beethoven's famed composition (his one and only opera) revolves around a devoted wife who... Read more about this event  Lisa Lampanelli  Mystic Lake Casino Hotel Over the past few years, Lisa Lampanelli has undergone a transformation. Aside from losing more than 100 pounds, the comedian, who first made her way into our hearts by massacring helpless celebrities during the annual Comedy Central Roasts, has branched out and become a reality television star on The Celebrity Apprentice, a cartoon bail bondsman on CMT's animated sitcom Bounty Hunters, and... Read more about this event  Balls  Southern Theater Balls open mic cabaret has been a late-night staple of the Minneapolis scene for over 20 years now. The midnight event, hosted by creator Leslie Ball, welcomes a wide range of participants. What audiences might see on any given evening varies wildly per week, but may include an acoustic song from an out-of-town musician, a standup set from a college student, a musical number from local actors... Read more about this event  Meta Con  Hyatt Regency Minneapolis If the annual FallCon comic book convention in October just isn't big enough, diverse enough, or coming soon enough for you, then the second annual Meta Con at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Minneapolis may be the thing you're looking for. The event is a three-day combo package that unites comic-cons with sci-fi conventions for one massive, costumed alternate universe for the fanboy/girl in... Read more about this event  Walker on the Green: Artist-Designed Mini Golf  Walker Art Center At first thought there wouldn't seem to be much of a correlation between modern art and mini golf. Whereas the former seeks to invigorate with innovative designs and abstract concepts, the latter is often considered a leisurely activity with an artistic aesthetic most charitably described as American kitsch. Challenging such expectations, Walker on the Green: Artist-Designed Mini Golf is... Read more about this event  Mark Poolos  Rick Bronson's House of Comedy Mark Poolos always wanted to be a performer, but not necessarily a standup comedian. "I was always the funny kid in my family," he says. "When stuff would get rough, I'd be silly. Growing up, I was before the times of being given medication for ADD." As an adult, Poolos pursued acting and voice-over work, but was told repeatedly by casting people in New York to try standup comedy. He was... Read more about this event  Emily Galati  Acme Comedy Co. Emily Galati isn't having a great summer. "Last week I had to go the emergency room, because I had a bad reaction to a mosquito bite," she says. "Kind of ruins your whole summer when you can't go outside." Based in Chicago, the Arizona native has been headlining more and more across the country. She spoke to City Pages from South Carolina. "It's not bad so far," she reports. "I've slept most... Read more about this event  Bondage A-Go-Go  Ground Zero While there are usually a handful of burlesque shows happening on any given weekend, and Sex World is open 24 hours a day, Bondage A-Go-Go is still one of the most enduring nights dedicated to kinks and sexy subcultures. The crowd can vary depending on the season and the evening, but generally there's a healthy mix of goth/steampunk partiers, bad-ass folks chilling in leather/vinyl gear,... Read more about this event  More Saturday Events >> Sunday, September 01 Adam Ant  Mill City Nights It's one of the great shames of the '80s American rock scene that we didn't know what to do with Adam Ant. He arrived on our shores with an outsized persona and a bag full of happy post-punk, but is remembered for the bare minimum of his excellent singles. After roughly two decades, Ant has now formed a new backing band  The Good, the Mad and the Lovely Posse  and is touring on... Read more about this event  Austra  Triple Rock Social Club Austra certainly aren't the only band marrying thumping drums to dark gothic overtones, but they win at being the most emotive. Frontwoman Katie Stelmanis airs her grievances for a brightly-lit disco in a quavering voice, and flips house music over to examine its psychological underbelly. Arpeggiated basslines lay the groundwork for Stelmanis to exorcise personal and political demons via her... Read more about this event  Minnesota State Fair  Minnesota State Fairgrounds Though Minnesotans have been known to hold divergent views on an endless range of topics, there is one commonality capable of uniting citizens from all corners of our state. Inaugurated in 1859, the Minnesota State Fair remains a cherished end-of-summer tradition for Minnesotans from all walks of life. Perennial attractions reflective of the state's agrarian background include livestock... Read more about this event  Minnesota Renaissance Festival  Renaissance Festival Site In recent years, the burgeoning popularity of genre gatherings like ComicCon has made it possible for fans to indulge their interests with unguarded abandon. But even the most enthusiastic of superhero cosplayers would be envious of the fully immersive fantasyland provided by the annual Minnesota Renaissance Festival. Celebrating its 43rd season, the Ren Fest transforms 22 acres of... Read more about this event  Labor Day Festivities  Canterbury Park This week, Canterbury Park will be celebrating Labor Day weekend with a variety of special happenings and activities. Though the park is open on Thursday as usual, things really kick off Friday with Canterbury Uncorked. During the party, which starts at 6 p.m., guests will be able to sip wine with experts who will share their thoughts and knowledge on each varietal. Friday through Sunday, the... Read more about this event  Agent Fidelio: A Picnic Operetta  Alexis Bailey Vineyard When one is selecting an operetta to be performed alfresco, Beethoven's Fidelio is far from an obvious choice. For one thing, the work isn't typically considered an operetta at all: That form tends to be lighter in music, mood, and theme than full-scale operas. Though not without its buoyant passages, Beethoven's famed composition (his one and only opera) revolves around a devoted wife who... Read more about this event  All-Day Happy Hour  Uptown Cafeteria and Support Group Happy hours tend to hinge on things like being able to get out of work early or being willing to drink late at night. So it's pretty easy to appreciate deals that run all day. This is the case on Sundays at Uptown Cafeteria and Support Group. From 9 a.m. to midnight you'll be able to enjoy the final weekend hours with $5 Sauza margaritas, $4 specialty taps, and $3 house wines, rail drinks,... Read more about this event  Its New/It's Now: Recent Gifts of Contemporary Prints and Drawings  Minneapolis Institute of Arts If you're looking to go to an exhibit featuring multiple, one-name luminaries  Warhol, Lichtenstein, Johns  a prints and drawings exhibition is often your best bet. Less expensive than other forms of contemporary art, prints from a steadily expanding number of high-end presses have been a favorite of collectors for more than 50 years. The MIA's new exhibit, "It's New/It's Now,"... Read more about this event  The Studio Sessions: Minnesota Artists in the 1970s  MMAA Project Space The MMAA Project Space will be revisiting the Twin Cities' art world of the past for its latest exhibition, "The Studio Sessions: Minnesota Artists in the 1970s." Interestingly, a project from the decade, by photographer Victor Bloomfield, will give details and insight into this bygone era. During the early '70s, the University of Minnesota science professor documented the major players on... Read more about this event  Meta Con  Hyatt Regency Minneapolis If the annual FallCon comic book convention in October just isn't big enough, diverse enough, or coming soon enough for you, then the second annual Meta Con at the Hyatt Regency in downtown Minneapolis may be the thing you're looking for. The event is a three-day combo package that unites comic-cons with sci-fi conventions for one massive, costumed alternate universe for the fanboy/girl in... Read more about this event  Church Basement Ladies: The Last (Potluck) Supper  Plymouth Playhouse After five installments, the story of song-loving women who control the kitchen at a Lutheran Church in a small Minnesota town is coming to an end. Well, coming to an end as far as the story goes. The series has been a sensational success over the last decade, playing to sold-out houses not just in Minnesota, but also around the country. The latest entry takes place in 1979 at the centenary... Read more about this event  Mark Poolos  Rick Bronson's House of Comedy Mark Poolos always wanted to be a performer, but not necessarily a standup comedian. "I was always the funny kid in my family," he says. "When stuff would get rough, I'd be silly. Growing up, I was before the times of being given medication for ADD." As an adult, Poolos pursued acting and voice-over work, but was told repeatedly by casting people in New York to try standup comedy. He was... Read more about this event  El Willy's Vive! Open Mic Comedy  Willy's There's a chance to slip in one more comedy show before the end of the week every Sunday at El Willy's Vive! Not only is this your last opportunity to catch a laugh before the start of the work week, it's also one of the metro's quirkiest open mics. Host Corey Adam has a wrestling promoter's flair for gimmicks and special events, including the open-mic cage fights that pit new comics in a... Read more about this event  More Sunday Events >> Monday, September 02 CANCELED: Poolside  The Cedar Cultural Center (EDITOR'S NOTE: This event has been canceled due to an injury to one of the band members.) Poolside is the self-described "daytime disco" product of two L.A.-based DJs with ties to '00s dance bands Junior Senior and the Rapture. Ostensible frontman Filip Nikolic's low-impact voice is frequently draped in obscuring effects and purposely something of an afterthought in the mix, but it hardly... Read more about this event  Minnesota State Fair  Minnesota State Fairgrounds Though Minnesotans have been known to hold divergent views on an endless range of topics, there is one commonality capable of uniting citizens from all corners of our state. Inaugurated in 1859, the Minnesota State Fair remains a cherished end-of-summer tradition for Minnesotans from all walks of life. Perennial attractions reflective of the state's agrarian background include livestock... Read more about this event  Minnesota Renaissance Festival  Renaissance Festival Site In recent years, the burgeoning popularity of genre gatherings like ComicCon has made it possible for fans to indulge their interests with unguarded abandon. But even the most enthusiastic of superhero cosplayers would be envious of the fully immersive fantasyland provided by the annual Minnesota Renaissance Festival. Celebrating its 43rd season, the Ren Fest transforms 22 acres of... Read more about this event  Labor Day Festivities  Canterbury Park This week, Canterbury Park will be celebrating Labor Day weekend with a variety of special happenings and activities. Though the park is open on Thursday as usual, things really kick off Friday with Canterbury Uncorked. During the party, which starts at 6 p.m., guests will be able to sip wine with experts who will share their thoughts and knowledge on each varietal. Friday through Sunday, the... Read more about this event  More Monday Events >> About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Things To Do App Advertising Contact Us National Classified Infographics Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? 2013 City Pages, LLC, All rights reserved.  Loading... 