   Humor, Art, and Entertainment      Tuesday, June 21, 2011 Finally Free Time So after a very boring one week long landscaping job I'm finally free to do whatever I want, which means I can start working on things. I'm currently in the midst of writing a script for out next short which will hopefully get filmed some time this week. I hope to have it all done by Saturday, but it depends on my friends schedules and whether or not they feel like it. It's a bit frustrating working with them at times, but whatever, moving on. I've got a lot of ideas ready for when we start making horror shorts, so as soon as we can meet up with our director we'll be able to get that started, which I'm really excited about. I've never tried making/acting in any horror shorts before, so it'll be a totally new experience for me. I feel like it will help my abilities grow and make me better at what I do. Unfortunately I haven't really started any art projects, or any projects in general lately. I haven't even really had time to be on my blog, but now that I have more time you can expect that to change. I'm going to try and update this more, and be able to show more projects instead of just talking about them. That's all for today, I hope I'll have more to say next time. Posted by Sunaminot at 3:35 PM 4 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Saturday, June 18, 2011 Planning Next Video Hello everyone, I'd like to start by thanking you for your comments the other day, they were about what I had expected them to be, as I've said before I didn't expect too much out of this video. Moving on So, I have a pretty good idea about what our next video will be (there's about 3 different ideas we could do) so it's just a matter of getting everyone together and deciding which one we want to do. I hope to have it decided by tomorrow so that we can film it sometime next week. Although due to work we may not be able to film it until next Friday, if that's the case then I'll probably actually have time to write a script for it instead of us just improving the whole thing. Hopefully this one will turn out better than the last. That's about all for today, thanks for stopping by. Posted by Sunaminot at 1:02 PM 3 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Thursday, June 16, 2011 New Video: Straight Shooters So, after a few days of fumbling around on a few programs and figuring everything out, I finally got this video done. In the future it won't take me nearly as long to finish these since I've got everything set up for next time. Now onto my opening thoughts, I had this video done yesterday and was seriously considering not uploading it at all, watching it over and over again had made it stale and to be honest I don't even know if it's that funny. But I finally decided to just go ahead and do it, if people like it, good, if not, lesson learned and I'll try something else. I don't claim to be a master at this yet, I'm still learning how to take things I think are funny and portray them well in video form. With that being said, here's the video. So, what I'm interested in is your thoughts on the video, what did you like? What could we make better? Etc. Well that's all, thanks for stopping by. Posted by Sunaminot at 2:05 PM 3 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Tuesday, June 14, 2011 Rendering Issues, Also Good News So, the video that I'm currently editing is the first video with my new camera, as expected I've run into some issues with rendering. I'm still trying to figure it all out, so hopefully by tomorrow it will be released, I'll be making a blog post for it as soon as it's done. Now time for the good news, our CreepypastaTV is coming along nicely, we should be meeting early next week to discuss what videos we want to start with and how we want to go about making it all. We've recruited one more actor to help fill some roles and we have some contacts for finding locations to film. I've got a pretty good feeling about all this, so hopefully it will all work out nicely. That's about all I have to report for now, this week is pretty busy for me so I may not be able to update this much. See you all soon. Posted by Sunaminot at 1:38 PM 4 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Monday, June 13, 2011 New Vid Update, Possible Series Coming Yeah, so this is kind of ridiculous, I'm not sure if I should just keep the footage I have (poorly filmed) or try and get people together to re film it. It's taking much longer than it should considering it's really not too good, or long or complicated or anything really. Speaking of all that stuff, I'm thinking of starting a series, it would be sort of a continuation of this video which I made for a school project, but I really like. When I made that video, I had to really push myself and try my best to get good results, and I liked that. With this recent video I dunno, I just don't feel as proud of it as Hardly Heroes. So I think I'd like to take the concept of it and turn it into a mini series or something. It would be good for both me and my crew that I make films with. Since it is more complicated it demands much more complex acting, special effects and script writing, something we all need to improve on. Not only that, but it would get us back into the mind set of "ok, we're filming regularly now" as opposed to how we currently are (everyone's really neutral on the idea, not a whole lot of motivation from the team). I discussed this with one of the members earlier today and got mixed feelings from it, but I really feel like pushing for this, it would help us evolve as a group and become slightly more professional. That's all I really expect at this point in time, improvement, while I'd like to make it big as fast as possible, I know that it isn't very likely to happen any time soon. However, I really want to try and make this series something that people will enjoy to watch. That being said, I'd like to get some opinions from you guys. In a universe similar to this what kind of super powers would you like to see? What kind of heroes and villains spark your interests? And if you have any suggestions, please, please leave them bellow. I want to make these as good as possible, and any input I can get will help tremendously. Thank you. Posted by Sunaminot at 2:12 AM 5 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Saturday, June 11, 2011 Short in the Works So we wound up being able to film the other day, although I had my friend on camera duty and he didn't do too good of a job (my head is cut off a few times) but it's not too big of a deal. It's pretty short, only a minute or two long, not sure how funny it really is yet since I haven't finished it, but we had a good time filming it. I probably won't be able to edit it until Monday since I have a lot to do this weekend, but it should only take an hour or two to get done. Sorry for the short update today, I'm actually typing this at 3 in the morning before I go to bed because I'm not sure if I'll have time to type something up when I wake up. Hopefully I'll have something more to report tomorrow, until then, thanks for stopping by. Posted by Sunaminot at 12:18 AM 6 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Friday, June 10, 2011 Intuos4 So yesterday I finally decided on which tablet to get. I went with the Intuos4, I had to spend a little bit more money but I think it was worth it. I've done a few sketches on my computer with it and I must say it really is like drawing on paper. The buttons on the side are convenient and easy to use, it even has a function to help you zoom in and out while drawing, which is really nice. I got the medium, but I can't imagine me needed anything bigger, it takes up a good amount of space and the active area is big enough for me to comfortably draw about anything on it. In other news, I'm supposed to be filming a short today, but due to lack of communication and a storm hitting out of nowhere, that may not happen. This weekend is pretty busy for me, so if I don't film today, the earliest I will be able to film is Monday. Well that's all for now, thanks for stopping by. Posted by Sunaminot at 10:43 AM 5 comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Older Posts Home Subscribe to: Posts (Atom) About Me Sunaminot I'm an amateur filmmaker, artist, animator, actor and comedian. I hope to perfect my craft and one day to make it big. Here I'll talk about my progression. View my complete profile Blog Archive  2011 (11)  June (11) Finally Free Time Planning Next Video New Video: Straight Shooters Rendering Issues, Also Good News New Vid Update, Possible Series Coming Short in the Works Intuos4 New Camera: JVC Everio GZHD3 Current Animation Project Where I Stand on Art The Point of This Blog  Followers    Simple template. Powered by Blogger .  