 800-977-5350 View Cart  Order Status  Ordering Info  About  Contact Us  Help  Home | Articles | New Products | Gift Ideas | Top Sellers | Specials | Blog Summer Special: 10% OFF all products! Use the coupon code SUMMER at checkout! * Excludes Packasport and items that cannot be shipped via UPS, FedEx or postal Quick Links Shop by Accessory...... American CornHole Games Auto Gift Ideas Bike Racks Car Covers Cargo Protection Dashboard Trim Kits Dash Mats Floor Mats Front End Masks Heat Shields Hitch Covers Husky Liners Husky Shield Headlight Guards Luggage Carriers Molded Carpet Catchalls Pet Products Seat Covers Ski Racks Sportz Tents Vent Visors Wind Deflectors Shop by Brand............. Amazing Glaze American CornHole Games B Dash Trim Kits Canvasback Rear Liners CargoLiner Pet Liners CatchAll Floor Protection Covercraft Products Creekside Products Elegant/Saddleman Covers Extang Tonno EZ Reel-In Car Covers Fox Weatherboots Hatchbag Products Husky Liners Lloyd Mats Napier Tents Nifty Floor Protection Packasport Carriers PIAA Lighting Putco Products RightLine Car Top Carriers Stowaway2 Carriers Swagman Racks Shop by Vehicle........... 4Runner Acadia Avalanche Blazer Bravada Cherokee Commander CRV Dakota Durango Edge Enclave Envoy  XL Equinox Escalade Escape Excursion Expedition Explorer Explorer SportTrac FJ Cruiser F-Series Trucks F-150 New Body Grand Cherokee Highlander Jimmy Journey Liberty Land Cruiser MDX MKX Mountaineer Navigator Pathfinder Pilot PT Cruiser QX4 Ram Trucks Ranger RAV4 RX350 Sequoia Sierra Silverado Suburban (Chevy ) Suburban (GMC) Tacoma Tahoe Taurus X Trailblazer  EXT Tundra Xterra Yukon Denali Yukon XL Yukon Clearance Items........... Clearance Items Sporto Motoring Newsletter Enter your email to receive discounts and updates.  Testimonials 264 company 280 side_bar videos_directories http://reputationdatabase.com/ 3 255 2 4 Video Reviews Text Reviews + Sporto Motoring Accessories Rated: 5 Stars By 5 Users  CrossOver SUV, CUV, SUV, Truck, Van and Auto Accessories  Parts to Enhance  Protect Support family owned business . We sell made in U.S.A. whenever possible. Free shipping on most items. We appreciate your business. Sporto Motoring Accessories, Inc. has been serving customers since 1993. We give personalized service and do not treat you as an unknown. Our goal is Customer Satisfaction. Use the options on the left to shop by accessory, vehicle or brand. Customer Favorites Hitch Safe Never be Locked Out Again! $ 76.95 Sportz Tents Your Room in the Great Outdoors SPECIAL: Free Duffel Bag With Any Sportz Tent Purchase Wrap Security System Reliable Theft Deterrant SALE: $ 76.95 Covercraft Seat Savers Machine Washable Starting at $ 105.95 Hitch Hide Tote Bag FREE SHIPPING Organize your Hitch $ 27.45   1996-2013 Sporto Motoring Accessories, Inc., an independent provider of motoring accessories. We reserve the right to correct typographical errors. All Rights Reserved. No affiliation with, sponsorship with, or endorsement by any vehicle manufacturer is implied or expressed. Home | New Products | Monthly Specials | About Sporto Motoring Ordering Info | Contact Us | News Reviews Resources | Privacy Policy | Site Map Connect with us on: Facebook | Twitter | YouTube Last Modified: August 27, 2013 Featured Crossover, CUV, SUV, Truck, Auto, and Van accessories: Saddleman Seat Covers Elegant Seat Covers Custom Car Mats Lloyd Ultimats Husky Liners Luggage Carriers Cargo Liners SUV Seat Covers Truck Seat Covers SUV Accessories Protect and Enhance your Vehicle Investment – SUV, Crossover, Truck, CUV accessories and parts It doesn’t take a lot of time or money to protect your vehicle investment. The sooner you act to protect your crossover, SUV, truck, or CUV the greater the possibility is that your vehicle will have a higher trade-in value. Here are a few interior accessories to consider as you protect your crossover, truck, SUV, and CUV. Your floor mats will take a beating from the start. Consider putting your new mats away for later trade-in and replacing them with a replacement mat either carpet or plastic. The cargo area will need protection as well. There are a number of cargo area accessories to offer minimal and maximum protection. If you have a pet that likes to ride along then a pet barrier or pet pad will be in order. Your seat covers will experience a lot of daily wear and tear and they too should be protected. There are fabric seat covers and polycotton covers that will protect based on the use of the SUV, truck, crossover, or CUV. The custom covers have a nice finished look and offer the protection you will want. There are trays, and heat shields, and dash covers , all available to protect your vehicle investment. Once you are in the Sporto Motoring Accessories store choose your vehicle and shop around. When considering exterior vehicle protection you should consider a paint sealant to protect the vehicle finish. Make no mistake about it the sun’s UV rays will begin to break down the finish and all that road debris will play a part in the distruction as well. Get a paint sealant not a wax or polish. The paint sealant will bond with the paint to form a protective shield. You might want to check out vent visors, bug shields, door guards , and other types of accessories and parts for your SUV, truck, crossover, and CUV as well. When your goal is to enhance your driving experience, Sporto Motoring Accessories can help you with accessories and parts as well. Consider a luggage carrier to make room for the passengers. There are rooftop cargo carriers and hitch mount cargo carriers to accommodate. If you are headed out for fun choose a bike carrier or vehicle tent for a fun weekend experience. Get the most out of your vehicle while protecting it for the long haul with Sporto Motoring Accessories. Shop for SUV, truck, crossover, CUV accessories and parts using the drop-down navigation at the top left of each page. You will appreciate our easy in easy our shopping experience. Thank you for shopping Sporto Motoring Accessories! 