  August 28, 2013 Menu Home News Myanmar Regional World Politics Ethnic Issues Health Education Development Media Refugees Rohingya Issues Latpadaung Environment Business Investment Economy Property Technology Natural Resources Sanctions Trade Dawei Opinion Interviews Analysis Commentary Ed/Op Features  Contributor Culture Life Entertainment Travel  Tourism Sport Multimedia Video Photo WEF M-ZINE+ Home News Myanmar Regional World Politics Ethnic Issues Health Education Development Media Refugees Rohingya Issues Latpadaung Environment Business Investment Economy Property Technology Natural Resources Sanctions Trade Dawei Opinion Interviews Analysis Commentary Ed/Op Features Contributor Culture Life Entertainment Travel  Tourism Sport Multimedia Video Photo WEF  Business / Business / Investment / Website car buying-selling taking off in Burma A+ A A- Website car buying-selling taking off in Burma 23 Feb 2012 03:35 Written by Mizzima News Category: Investment Prev 1 of 2 Next The latest twist in the auto business in Rangoon is online used car buying and selling websites, which dealers say ... (Mizzima) – The latest twist in the auto business in Rangoon is online used car buying and selling websites, which dealers say has threatened the tradition way of doing business. The government has allowed a steady steam of newer models into the country in a program to replace older models, but a result is that many buyers were not satisfied with the traditional broker-dealer method. “Before I discovered some car trading websites, I had to rely on brokers and had to regularly telephone them to make single appointments to look at cars with buyers or sellers and then negotiate prices,” Aung Min Moe, a 34-year-old car broker in Rangoon told The Myanmar Times in an article published on Monday. Now Internet users are discovering what’s been known in the West for decades – shopping is quicker and more efficient online. Buyers and seller can now give a quick look at the model they’re interested in, and get a rundown on its features and price, all in minutes: no more using the often shaky telephone service and driving across town only to find that the salesperson over-hyped their cars. And of course, with a straight buyer-seller relationship, the middleman and his fee, is cut out. Now, of course, even the brokers are learning that two can play the game, and they’re putting their cars on a website to generate more business. Everyone is winning: in the West, it’s called productivity. One of the bastions of car dealing in Rangoon, the Hantharwaddy car zone, was often a frustrating place for buyers, said the newspaper. “If you wanted to buy a car and went to somewhere like Hantharwaddy you couldn’t just go up and ask the prices of the cars, even if they were right there. Instead, you had to approach brokers and ask them, which could take a long time,” Khin Win was quoted as saying. You can also thank the government for this new twist. The newspaper said that the car import substitution program gave many car buyers their first taste of online buying because they had to go the online car auction sites to find what they wanted. A spokesperson for the new myanmarcarsdb website said it had received more than 10,000 unique visitors since it was launched on January 4, with more than 328,000 views. By the second week of February, the site had 420 registered users and 180 advertisements. Other popular website are www.myanmarcarsdb.com and www.omphwa.com . Tweet  Investment Japan's ANA to buy 49 pct stake in Myanmar's airline Tuesday, 27 August 2013| Xinhua Japan's ANA Holdings Inc. will buy a 49 percent stake in a Myanmar airline, local media reported Tuesday. The parent company of All Nippon Ai... More: Skyrocketing real estate prices deter new foreign investment in Myanmar Foreign investment in Myanmar up 24 pct in 4 months of FY 2013-14 Japanese airline to increase flight frequency to Myanmar's Yangon Foreign investment in Myanmar hits 42.95 bln USD Qatari firm vows ‘affordable’ mobile access for Myanmar Nok hypes third route to Myanmar Telenor to recruit 3000 Myanmar staff MMK 410 billion loan approved for state owned enterprises Myanmar to build largest international airport Economy Chinese bank to loan $100 million Tuesday, 20 August 2013| Kay Zin Oo Lower House MP U Ye Htun told Mizzima on August 19 that the Chinese bank Exim has made an agreement to loan $100 Million USD to Myanmar. The i... More: Myanmar names 3 more presidential advisers to handle economic, legal affairs AusAID discuss details of 3-year program Myanmar economists predict currency intervention, despite free-floating exchange reforms Myanmar set for stock exchange MoF forms internal watchdog committee Price set for Myanmar’s first Chevrolet Kyat hits new low Curtain falls on World Economic Forum Myanmar’s ‘Mad Men’ Property Real Estate Price Blues Saturday, 24 August 2013| Alex Palmer and Naomi ng Myanmar’s surging property market In May 2013, a choice residential property on Pyay Road in Yangon’s Golden Valley sold for US$972 per squar... More: Land prices skyrocket due to Hanthawaddy Airport Project Technology Tender invitation to build 400 telecommunication stations Friday, 23 August 2013| Cho Ko The Ministry of Telecommunications and Information Technology is seeking partner companies to bid on tenders for building of 400 telecommuni... More: Myanmar’s first home-grown social media site launches 2,800 villages in Mandalay sign up for solar energy Vodafone, China Mobile pull out of telecoms race Ooredoo wants in on Myanmar telecoms action Myanmar communications gets boost from Japan Myanmar to light up world's third largest solar plant Myanmar telecoms tender shortlisted to 12 Myanmar to introduce 1,500 kyat SIM cards Execs call for improved telecoms infrastructure in Myanmar Natural Resources Minister seeks support to table ‘Natural Resources Allocation Bill’ in the Parliament Monday, 19 August 2013| Kay Zin Oo Zaw Aye Maung, the Yangon region Ethnic Rakhine Affairs Minister, said on August 18 that he would garner support to table the ‘Myanmar Natur... More: Life Support Proposal for mining permits in Chin State Government announces allocation of 20 million cubic feet of natural gas to Kyauk Phyu Wanbao to double investment on copper mine Myanmar opens natural gas pipeline to China Latpadaung EIA, SIA reports due in September Latpadaung mine contract amended between Myanmar and China Tests begin on Shwe Gas pipeline as NGOs cry foul Myanmar MP complains Myitsone question went unanswered Sanctions US extends Myanmar gem ban Thursday, 08 August 2013| Shaun TANDON / AFP The United States on Wednesday renewed a ban on the import of gems from Myanmar, hoping to choke off a funding source for the powerful milit... More: Myanmar readies for EU to lift sanctions Trade Illegal goods seized are only a small fraction: Minister Saturday, 24 August 2013| Min Min On August 22, the Minister of Commerce informed the Union Parliament that only a small percentage of illegal goods have been seized so far i... More: Myanmar uncertain of fulfilling Japan's offer to import rice Visa banks on Myanmar Myanmar posts trade surplus in July Myawaddy border trade reopened Flood halts Thai-Myanmar border trade New trade center to open at Maungdaw Indo-Myanmar border markets get green light French trade mission prepares for Myanmar Despite GSP, Myanmar faces hurdles exporting to Europe Dawei Italian-Thai set to compensate Dawei farmers Thursday, 27 June 2013| Dawei Watch Farmland owner Win Lwin Oo has revealed that the Thai construction firm Italian-Thai (ITD) has agreed compensation with him over damages to ... More: Land loss resident in Dawei to sue ITD Yingluck due to update Thein Sein on Dawei  Mizzima Business Weekly အတြဲ (၁)၊ အမွတ္ (၆၉)၊ ၾသဂုတ္လ ၂၈ ရက္၊ ၂၀၁၃ ခုႏွစ္ (ေဒါင္းလုဒ္ ရယူရန္) Find us on Facebook/Google+ Latest Most Popular KNU will not entrust Karen future to government National Education Bill introduces education for prisoners UTA condemns termination of teacher Nippon Foundation pledges development programs in DKBA areas Monks dispel rumors during state religious celebration Japan's ANA to buy 49 pct stake in Myanmar's airline Myanmar Migrant Trap Suu Kyi, Dalai Lama to attend Czech rights forum Riot break out in Katbalu, 12 arrested Minister Soe Thein to resolve civil societies registration delays Myanmar is region’s biggest drug producer: UN Can Myanmar fisheries compete with Thailand and Vietnam? Myanmar readies for EU to lift sanctions Maday Islanders protest Chinese pipeline Mekong patrol HQ opened in Xishuangbanna Suu Kyi meets Japan PM Abe UN revise Kachin aid plan TIME’s Most Influential Person of the Decade—Aung San Suu Kyi Suu Kyi calls for Japanese investment in Myanmar Shan refugees remain wary of returning home Prev Next  About Mizzima About Us Code of Ethics Friends of Mizzima Mizzima Activities Programs Mission Statement Others Contact Us Advertise with Us Site Maps  Copyright 1998 - 2013 Mizzima News. All Rights Reserved Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS MYANMAR VERSION 