 o dealer license wholesalebusiness plan How to buy and sellfor fun and profit Including How to get your Automobile wholesale license without a lot Step bystep how to information,. no bull shit, no hocus pocus, everything I say, I did,and do--- period The market Ispecialize in is recessionproof how to get your car dealer license T Thisinformation is workable in all states Newcar sales are down. But used cars in the $2,000.00-$3,000.00 range are up In 2009 Isold 31 cars and averaged $1,321.00 profit per car Working by myself, part time hours That's a gross profit of $40,951.00 selling only an average of 2.5 cars a month there is a much greater potential  $100,000.00 per year is well within reach If I wanted to hirepeople and grow, the skies the limit I live pretty good buying and selling ,and don't work hard or have anystress I enjoy it and am good at it Iwill tell  show you every thing I do, step by step Where to buy---- what to buy----how much to pay--how much to sell How to prep a car for retail sale What to look for when buying how and where to buy one owner low mileage cars this is how toget your car dealer license to wholesale cars and trucks, with low startup money Simple plan for buying andselling without making the large investment of a car lot Have access to all car dealer only auctions car dealer license is not easy to get, buta salesman's license is Fact Car dealerauctions are not the best place to buy low priced cars to resell I show you where the best absolute auctions are tobuy low mileage one owner cars and trucks Buyand sell cars over the internet or locally--unlimitedincome potential Part-time, full-time,your-time-supplement your income-Great retirement business If your asserious as I am , then you can't loose with the stuff I use I will show you how I got my salesman's licenseand legitimate insured , dealer tag agreement for $975..00 total investment . Step by step If youfollow my suggestions you will enter this business with basic knowledge and confidence I buy andsell cars and light trucks - making all my own deals My own hours, work for myself  answerto nobody--- priceless for the little guy who knowsa little about cars or is willing to learn the market and would enjoy buying and selling and making a good living@ a small start up cost and no overhead. It worked for me, I will show you how A car dealer license is not the only way tobuy and sell a salesman's license is what you need I put together a plan, and carried it out In 30 days , I had my insured tag in my hand with my auction access cards The day after I got my dealer tag I went to a local auction and bought a van for $1,400.00 charged to my visa card,sold it in ten day's on Ebay for $3,800.00. That first deal paid back the$1,400.00 to visa and recouped my initial $965.00 investment and still put over $400.00 in my pocket.I was hooked this was the business for me You can work fora car dealer , you do not need a car dealer license, you need a automobile salesman'slicense Go directly to new-car dealerships to buy there trades, wholesale withclosed bids Wholesale Car Dealer you can work for them as independent salesman No need to set up a lot, or get a$30,000.00 - $50,000.00 bond, It's true, I didit and I will show you how. I spent a lot of time, money and disappointment, afterbuying one of those  how to become a car dealer books for$59.95 from the internet. Then I found a little known secret, I guess it's a secret because it was not revealed in the book I bought.If this information was available to me I would have been much more satisfied,rather than what I got .If you are serious about being able to go to any dealer onlyauctions , your local municipalauctions, or right out of your classifieds and possess a legitimate insured dealer tag andsalesman's licensewithout going through all the red tape and expense, trying to meet the qualificationsthat for the average person are unobtainable, to set up a- car dealer license lot  Get myplan= Step by step, Below is a question from one member getting-a- car - dealer - license Question Hello, My name is Ryan from paypal account *******. I ordered your info today from your site. Thanks for the info, if it is correct and true, which I assume it is, it was worth the money. I was wondering if you could tell me how the taxes work on his end. The dealer that is. If the paperwork is done at his place than the title paperwork and stuff has the profit and cost and such on his name right? So why does he not charge you what the government will charge him as far as taxes go. Is it because all the profit goes to you and you pay the taxes on the profit or what? I am new to the tax thing. I have been pondering buying and selling cars for a while on the side. I am currentlya mechanic and could really use a change in employment. Any additional info on the specifics of the governments hand in the title transfer and the taxes would be of great help to me. I know this is a lot of questions to be asking at one time but I did buy the info off the site and it would really help me if you could answer these questions so I can become like you. Thanks again for the info. -Ryan P.S. : Do you know if this doesn't work in some states? I live in Louisiana and was thinking about moving to California. Oh, and you should consider yourself lucky that you live in PA because the choice of cars is so much better in the northeast. You are on top of sooo many morecars in such a small geographical area. Good luck to you - ---This question is answered indetail in the members section of my information do you need acardealerlicense? wholesale dealer license? Also these answers Step by Step How do I sellcars ? -----I'll tell you Can I buy a good car to resell for $1,000.00 ?-- YES What's the easiest, best selling market ?--- I'll tell you Where do I buy one owner low mileage certified cars ?-- I'll tell you But wait, there'smore What should I pay ?----I'll tell you What should I buy ?---- I'll tell you How much should I sell for to make money with a quick sale ? --I'll tell you my car dealer license is really acar dealer salesmans license not a cardealerlicense Including How to get your Automobile wholesale license without a lot Updated 01-08-12  Ifyou want a car dealer license you can find all that information free bysearching your state requierments for cardealerlicense Below is technical mumbojumbo - not relevant webbot bot="HTMLMarkup" startspan >