 Skip to: Navigation | Content | Footer Home Related sites The road code Highway projects Traffic cams Latest highway conditions Do it online Tolling online Search Contact us Careers Resources  manuals Road  travel info Your vehicle Your driver licence Operating on roads  rail The state highway network Planning  investing for outcomes About us Choosing a safe  fuel-efficient vehicle The safety basics Tips for buying a used car Features to protect you from a crash Features that prevent crashes Features that affect the environment Safe  fuel-efficient heavy vehicles Registration  licensing Registering your vehicle Licensing your vehicle Vehicle registration  licensing fees Your responsibilities as the registered person Motor Vehicle Register information Buying  selling Road user charges Where to go to register and license your vehicle Exemptions Trade plates Motor vehicle traders Vehicle registration plates Warrants  certifications Getting a warrant of fitness (WoF) Getting a certificate of fitness (CoF) Entry certification for imported vehicles Modifying your vehicle Modifying heavy vehicles Getting repair certification for an import Getting an alternative fuel certificate NZTA vehicle inspection portal Guide to importing a vehicle Step 1: Identifying the requirements vehicles must meet Step 2: Proving your vehicle meets the requirements Step 3: Preparing to import Step 4: Importing your vehicle About your vehicle High productivity motor vehicle (HPMV) permits Heavy vehicle operators  drivers Overweight and overdimension vehicles Motorhomes, caravans  light trailers Motorcycles  mopeds Agricultural vehicles  forklifts Low-powered vehicles Mobility vehicles Golf carts, quad bikes  ATVs Buses  taxis Vehicle classes, standards  rules What class is my vehicle The standards that apply to your vehicle Exceptions to the standards List of approved standards Environmental standards Buying and selling Updated: 6 November 2012 There's more to buying or selling a vehicle than exchanging the keys and money. Follow these easy steps to avoid getting caught with other people's unpaid licence fees and fines - whether you're the seller or the buyer. The quickest and easiest way to notify us that you have bought or sold a vehicle is to do it online through our transaction centre. On this page: Have you bought or sold a vehicle? Advice for buyers Advice for sellers Have you bought or sold a vehicle? Both the buyer and seller are required to notify us immediately when a vehicle is bought and sold. Save time - do it online The quickest and easiest way to notify us that you have bought or sold a vehicle is to do it online through our transaction centre . If you're selling Complete the Notice of person selling/disposing of motor vehicle form (MR13A) online or post it to our Palmerston North office . Ask the buyer to give you a transfer receipt to show they are registered in respect of the vehicle before you hand over the vehicle. If you're buying Complete the Notice by person acquiring motor vehicle form (MR13B) and notify us of your acquisition online or visit one of our agents . You will be required to provide ID and pay the notice of acquisition fee of $9.00 (including GST). Request a transfer receipt, which you may need to give to the seller when you pick up the vehicle to show you are now registered in respect of the vehicle. For more information, see Factsheet 41: Buying and selling: your legal obligations . Note: If your vehicle weighs 6000kg or over, you will also need to apply for a transport service licence (if you do not have one already). Some other vehicles under 6000kg also require a transport service licence. For more information, see Factsheet 47: Transport service licences . See more on how to notify a change of registered person . Personalised plates If you're buying a vehicle with personalised plates and you wish to have those plates, you'll need to negotiate this separately with the seller and complete a transfer agreement. Find out more about personalised plates (external link). top Advice for buyers Do: Notify your acquisition of the vehicle immediately after purchasing the vehicle. remember to take suitable identification to the licensing agent . remember to ask the agent for a transfer receipt, so you can show the seller that you are now registered in respect of the vehicle. Alternatively, complete the notification of acquisition online . Protect yourself by asking: Is any money owed on the vehicle? You can search the Personal Property Securities Register (external link) Has the vehicle had an independent vehicle inspection? Has the odometer been tampered with? Are there any outstanding road user charges (RUC) payable? Does the vehicle have a current RUC licence ? Does the vehicle have a current licence? top Advice for sellers Do: Make sure you've paid all outstanding licence fees. Notify the sale of the vehicle immediately. If you don't, you may receive the new registered person's: speed camera fines parking tickets vehicle licensing fees for up to 12 months fines for not displaying a vehicle licensing label fines for not displaying a current warrant of fitness. Don't: Rely on the buyer to notify their acquisition. Protect yourself Wait for the buyer to show you proof that they've notified their acquisition before handing over the vehicle. This proof could be the receipted customer section of the Notice by person acquiring motor vehicle form (MR13B) issued by one of our licensing agents . Want more advice? Visit the Ministry of Consumer Affairs website for more buying advice. Also check: Rightcar to see which cars offer the best in safety, economy and environmental features. Buying a used car for tips on what to look for. How does your vehicle rate? for the latest available vehicle safety ratings. top Purchased or sold a vehicle? Notify us online now Related links Vehicle ownership Choosing a safe and fuel-efficient vehicle  Home About this site Site map Related sites Newzealand.govt.nz Privacy Accessibility Connect with NZTA Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Road  travel info Current highway conditions Ways to get around Upcoming road closures Traffic webcams Your vehicle Registration  licensing Warrants  certifications Importing Classes, standards  rules Choosing a vehicle Your driver licence Getting your driver licence Renewing or replacing your licence Kiwis driving overseas Offences  penalties Operating on roads and rail Passenger services Trucks  tow trucks Rail Assistance  advice The state highway network Operating our network Tenders  contracts State highway projects Roads of national significance Planning  investing for outcomes The planning process How you can get involved What we're investing in Transport monitoring About us Contact us Who we are  what we do Careers Media centre Resources  manuals Land transport rules Manuals Research  reports Factsheets Forms Statistics  surveys  2009  2013 NZ Transport Agency. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Legal disclaimer | Copyright 