  This Day On The Street: Continue to Site ADVERTISEMENT ip-192-168-66-231  Home Cramer Cramer's Portfolio Cramer's Blog Cramer's Videos Cramer's Articles Cramer's 25 Investing Rules Cramer's 10 Commandments Mad Money Recap Mad Money Stock Screener Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Why Trade With Cramer? Real Money Jim Cramer's Blog Financial Experts Research and Commentary Technical Analysis Ideas Columnist Conversations FREE Previews Markets Stock Market Today FOREX Rates Commodity Prices Gold Prices Today Analyst Up/Downgrades Economic Events Calendar News Latest News Biotech and Drugs Technology News Banking and Finance Small Business News 5 Dumbest on Wall Street Investing Stock Screener Best Stocks for 2013 Best Funds for 2013 Best ETFs for 2013 Dividends and Income Financial Dictionary Investing in Stocks Investing in Bonds Investing in Mutual Funds Investing in ETFs Trading Broker Comparison Stock Upgrades Technical Analysis Option Trading Strategies Josh Brown's Side Street Money Retirement (IRAs, 401ks) Real Estate Travel - Leisure Running a Business Bank Safety Ratings Insurer Safety Ratings Credit Resource Center 2013 Tax Calendar Financial Advisors Financial Advisor Forum Video TheStreet TV Cramer on Demand Market Updates Options Economics & Politics Technology Small Business CEO Interviews Features Video Archive PREMIUM SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Real Money Dividend Stock Advisor Stocks Under $10 Quant Ratings New! $49.95/year Breakout Stocks Options Profits Top Stocks Daily Swing Trade Real Money Pro TheStreet BIG GOLD Chat on The Street Chairman's Club Compare All Hot Topics: Stocks Plunge Banks Tank Gold Gaps Crude Climbs Cramer: Buy JCP Tesla: Car or Tech? Stocks Under $10 0 Link Comment Print Reprint Email  Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. Appoints President To Music And Television Division BY PR Newswire | 05/13/13 - 09:30 AM EDT    Stock quotes in this article:  SAPX , SAPXD Tweet Comment Link  Find out if ( SAPX ) is in Cramer's Portfolio. LOS ANGELES , May 13, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Seven Arts Entertainment Inc. (OTCQB: SAPX) (Seven Arts) today announced the appointment of Anthony G. Barlo as President of Seven Arts Music and Television, a new subsidiary of Seven Arts. As founder of leading independent music company Microhits, Inc., Mr. Barlo has a proven track record of identifying and acquiring iconic music assets. He is also an industry expert in copyright protection, having resolved contractual and copyright disputes involving the Beastie Boys, Lenny Kravitz , Tupac Shakur , Lynyrd Skynyrd, John Mellencamp , Public Enemy, Cat Stevens, Jaco Pastorius , Sidney Bechet , Igor Stravinsky and others. Seven Arts Music expects that it will immediately begin acquiring music publishing and recording catalogs in the $1 million to $5 million range, financed through Microhits existing partners. New funding will also be available through its subsidiary Seven Arts Music and Television Inc. Since 2000, the Microhits catalog has grown to over 27,000 songs and recordings, including numerous gold and platinum records by artists such as Lady Antebellum, Rod Stewart , Harry Connick, Jr. , Donny Hathaway , Christina Aguilera , and many others. Microhits catalog also includes the single Girls, from the current Billboard #2 album by Kid Cudi. As part of a long-term agreement, Microhits Music Ltd., which represents Microhits Music Corp.s catalog in the UK/EIRE territories, will be sub-published by Seven Arts Music and Television. This also includes the catalog of China Music Publishing, the official music publisher for the Peoples Republic of China . I am thrilled to have a proven entrepreneur and successful business and music executive join our team. I know that his legal and creative background and expertise in maximizing the full value of product will be a great asset to Seven Arts Entertainment, stated Vince Vellardita Chairman and President of Seven Arts. Mr. Barlo will focus on streamlining and maximizing Seven Arts existing music assets, developing music properties for its upcoming film projects, and overseeing the launch of a new music division. The new division will build partnerships with content distribution services, tools, apps and models that improve the user experience, fairly compensate artists for their work and protect consumers and artists. Seven Arts will seek relationships with technology companies that recognize the fundamental value of art, and how new content delivery systems can liberate that art so consumers, artists and publishers benefit. 1  2 3 Next  Last   Select the service that is right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS TRY IT FREE Jim Cramer and Stephanie Link actively manage a real portfolio and reveal their money management tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups TheStreet Quant Ratings TRY IT FREE New! $49.95/yr Access the tool that DOMINATES the Russell 2000 and the SP 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Stocks Under $10 TRY IT FREE David Peltier, uncovers low dollar stocks with extraordinary upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Dividend Stock Advisor TRY IT FREE Jim Cramer's protege, David Peltier, identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Diversified model portfolio of dividend stocks Alerts when market news affect the portfolio Bi-weekly updates with exact steps to take - BUY, HOLD, SELL Real Money Pro TRY IT FREE All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass + 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary & news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Options Profits TRY IT FREE Our options trading pros provide daily market commentary and over 100 monthly option trading ideas and strategies to help you become a well-seasoned trader. Product Features: 100+ monthly options trading ideas Actionable options commentary & news Real-time trading community Options TV  To begin commenting right away, you can log in below using your Disqus, Facebook, Twitter, OpenID or Yahoo login credentials. Alternatively, you can post a comment as a "guest" just by entering an email address. Your use of the commenting tool is subject to multiple terms of service/use and privacy policies - see here for more details. comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus  x $794.00 +8.66 | +1.08% 03/28/13 - 3:41 PM ET Volume 222.2K Avg Vol. 222.2K 52 Week Range TheStreet Rating A+ BUY 1 Day 5 Day 1 Month 3 Month 6 Month 1 Year Get Quote Headlines Growth Rates Ratings Earnings Income Statment Advanced Chart Key Stats  Profile Ratio Comparison Major Holders Balance Sheet Cash Flow See if Cramer and Link own ( CMCSA )  DOW 14,776.13 -170.33 -1.14% NASDAQ 3,578.52 -79.05 -2.16% SP 500 1,630.48 -26.30 -1.59% US 10 Yr 2.721% -0.084 Brokerage Partners  Most Commented Turns Out Marissa Mayer Was the Wrong Person for the Yahoo! Job Petition for Met LGBT Gala Gains Ground 5 NFL Teams Most Likely To Be Blacked Out In 2013 Two-Thirds of Grads Say Their College Didn't Help 5 NFL Teams That Should Just Move Already  Articles From Newser Nissan: We'll Be Selling Robot Cars in 2020 Surf's Down: Billabong Is Now Worth $0 Why We Need to Jack the Bottle Deposit See more stories Advertising Partners  Special Features Free Newsletters from TheStreet After the Bell Before the Bell Booyah! Newsletter Midday Bell TheStreet Top 10 Stories Winners & Losers We respect your privacy . Manage Newsletters   About TheStreet About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate  Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Stocks Under $10 Dividend Stock Advisor Quant Ratings Breakout Stocks Real Money Real Money Pro Options Profits TheStreet BIG GOLD Portfolio PLUS Chairman's Club  Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices  Popular Pages Best Stocks for 2013 Best Stocks to Buy Stocks to Buy Now High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date Oppenheimer Funds Vanguard Funds  Popular Symbols AAPL GOOG INTC VZ BAC FB BIDU GLD SLV  Follow theStreet Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   2013 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.  Made in NYC Mobile Version  Mobile | MainStreet | StockPickr | Jim Cramer | Doug Kass | Real Money | The Deal Log In Your Account  Top Rated Stocks Top Rated Funds Top Rated ETFs 