 Home About Us Meet Our Staff Meet the Integrity Automotive Repair ownership and technicians Our History Integrity Automotive Repair has served Eastside resident for over 25 years with top quality service and reliability. Customer Services Integrity Automotive Repair provides many special customer services to help make servicing your autos more accommodating Our Warranty Integrity Automotive Maintenance  Repair Warranty for parts and workmanship. Lifetime Protection ntegrity Automotive is excited to announce our Lifetime Protection Plan. Click here for details! Testimonials We’re proud of our quality of service, attention to detail and customer satisfaction. See what our customers are saying! Services Emissions Repair Certified WA state emissions repair specialists. If you’ve failed your emissions test contact us today for repairs! Vehicle Inspections The best prevention method is to have your car inspected regularly and thoroughly! View details about our multi-point inspections. Auto Maintenance General automotive maintenance includes regularly scheduled oil changes, filter changes and drive train inspections. Auto Repairs General automotive repairs including transmissions, engine and electrical. Loaner Program Our loaner program takes the stress out of having to leave your car for overnight repairs. Learn more about our loaner program. Fleet Maintenance Fleet Repairs and Maintenance We provide complete maintenance and repairs for fleet customers. We service both government agencies and private entities. Fleet Maintenance Inquiries Have a question about Fleet Maintenance? We’re happy to answer your questions and provide a proposal to maintain your work fleet! Special Offers Tire Sale Save $75 on the purchase of 4 new tires! We carry most major brands and sizes for common vehicles. Birthday Club Everyone has a birthday. Learn how you can get extra savings as a birthday club bonus! Summer Special Make sure your cars are ready for winter. Our multi-point inspection will have your cars winter ready! Super Saver Learn how you can save $$’s on your annual maintenance costs for your family autos. QuickLube Don’t have much time but your car needs servicing? Check out our 30 Minute Quick Lube! Special Services Financing Integrity Automotive Repair provides special financing provisions for qualifying customers. View the details of this special service. RV and Boat Storage Integrity Automotive Repair is located in the heart of Issaquah on a large lot well suited for RV and boat storage. Easy access to I90 and Lake Sammamish. Affordable and convenient! Schedule Service Schedule Appointment Form Complete the contact form below for easy scheduling. Once your information is received a service representative will call to confirm your appointment. General Contact Form Do you have a general question or would like a service adviser to contact you for a quote? Click here! Blog Fuel Saving Tips Learn simple ways to improve your gas mileage and save $$’s How Tos Learn tips and tricks about car maintenance and repairs. Strange and Funny Car Things Funny videos, images and mishaps involving cars of all makes and models. FAQs View All Questions Find the answers to commonly asked questions about typical automotive repairs and maintenance issues. Ask A Question! Have a specific question about automotive repair or maintenance? We invite you to ask our experts! Navigation   0 1 2  Our Services Integrity Automotive Maintenance and Repair provides complete ASE certified automotive repair, maintenance and fleet services. For complete details on our automotive and fleet repair services please visit these pages:  We are qualified to work on all types of...  Your vehicle does not need to go to the...  Integrity Automotive Maintenance  Repair... Introduction To Integrity Automotive  Read More Recent Blog Posts April 16, 2013 | 6 Tips to Prepare your Car for Spring As we leave the cold and rain behind, we thought it would be helpful to include some tips to prepare you car for... April 2, 2013 | Dont Drip and Drive! Fix That Leak! This April, improve your cars safety and reliability by checking for vehicle leaks. Every drip counts—even a... March 25, 2013 | Check Engine Lights Answered There are literally hundreds of components and systems that are monitored by the Powertrain Control Module... December 6, 2012 | AutoSock Now Legal in Washington State The Washington State Patrol has announced that AutoSock for passenger cars are approved as alternative traction... December 5, 2012 | Should I Buy a Subaru? Our technicians are well-versed and trained to perform ALL services and repairs on Subarus. In fact, one... June 28, 2012 | Maintenance Tips to Save You Money At Integrity Auto Repair, we want to help you maintain your car. Maintenance is the ABSOLUTE BEST way to save... Read More  Our Warranty Our Lifetime Parts & Labor Warranty is designed to provide you with the ultimate in peace-of- mind. Subscribe To Integrity Subscribe to our low volume newsletter for updates on Integrity Automotive Maintenance & Repair special offers and sales. Click the link below to enter your name and email for valuable savings! The Integrity Promise Our highly trained ASE certified technicians are fully equipped to perform any and all needed repairs on your vehicle in the unfortunate event of a component failure. Connect With Us! Our Location We are conveniently located at: 80 NE Gilman Blvd. Issaquah, WA 98027 Phone: 425-557-8665 For your convenience we accept:  Copyright 2013 all rights reserved Integrity Automotive Maintenance  Repair | Site design by SimcoMedia Web Design  To schedule by email complete the form below: * (denotes required field) Name: * E-Mail Address: * Cell Phone: Do you need transportation: Yes No Loaner Shuttle Make, Model and Year: Desired Service Date Requested Drop Off Time 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 : 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 AM PM Subject: * Select Dont Drip - Fix That Leak! Regular Maintenance Vehicle Inspection Emissions Repair General Automotive Repair Transmission Message: *  CAPTCHA Code: * To inquire into boat or RV storage availability please complete the form below. We will respond to your request as soon as possible. * (denotes required field) Name: * E-Mail Address: * Phone: * Date needed: Size of boat or RV: * Subject: * Select Boat Storage RV Storage Message: *  CAPTCHA Code: * 