 Skip to main content AOL AOL Autos New Cars Translogic AutoblogGreen Autoblog International Autoblog Canada Autoblog Espaol Autoblog Auf Deutsch Autoblog En Franais Autoblog Japan Tip Us Send Feedback RSS Feeds About AOL Autoblog Automobiles  Choose an Automaker Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus McLaren Maserati Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI MISC Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Scion Smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Reviews Full Reviews First Drives Quick Spins Comparisons Long-Term Garage Enthusiast  Enthusiast Topics Aftermarket Auctions By the Numbers Car Buying Celebrities Classics Concept Cars Design/Style Earnings/Financials Etc. Government/Legal Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Humor Infotainment Marketing/Advertising Motorsports Rumormill Safety Spy Photos Technology The List Toys/Games UAW/Unions See Coverage From All Enthusiast Topics Latest From - The List The List #0555: Drive a Monster Truck Latest Spy Photos Next Subaru WRX and STI to go sedan only; reveal headed for LA Auto Shows  National Show Coverage CES (Jan 7-10, 2014) Chicago (TBD, 2014) Detroit (Jan 13-14, 2014) Los Angeles (Nov 20-21, 2013) New York (Mar 27-28, 2013) SEMA (Nov 5-8, 2013) International Show Coverage Beijing (TBD, 2014) Frankfurt (Sep 10-11, 2013) Geneva (Mar 5-6, 2013) MISC Paris (TBD, 2014) Shanghai (Apr 20, 2013) Tokyo (Nov 20-21, 2013) Tokyo Auto Salon (TBD, 2014) See All Auto Show Coverage Also On Autoblog You Might Like: Volkswagen shows off e-Golf and e-Up! before Frankfurt Infiniti releases first image of premium compact Q30 Concept Peugeot reveals Le Mans-derived 208 Hybrid FE prototype Green  Green News Biodiesel Diesel Emerging Technologies Etc. Ethanol EV/Plug-in Green Culture Hybrid Hydrogen Legislation and Policy Natural Gas On Two Wheels Racing Transportation Alternatives Visit AutoblogGreen Main Page Vehicles Chevrolet Volt Coda Electric Sedan Fisker Karma Ford Focus Electric Mitsubishi i Nissan Leaf Tesla Model S Tesla Roadster Toyota Prius  You are here: Auto News  Hyundai offers big warranty on certified pre-owned vehicles Hyundai offers big warranty on certified pre-owned vehicles By John Neff RSS feed Google+ Posted Jun 1st 2007 3:57PM Email This Comments Add Hyundai has just announced a new Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty on used (sorry, "previously owned") vehicles that are up to five years old and have less than 60,000 miles. Known for being the first to offer a 10-year/100,00 mile powertrain warranty on its new cars, Hyundai will now be including that same lengthy coverage with the purchase of a CPOV. Hyundai's original 10-year/100,000 mile powertrain warranty really forced the automaker to improve the quality of the cars it builds, otherwise the cost of warranty repairs would have put it out of business. That warranty first began around Y2K, so any vehicle that qualifies for Hyundai's new Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty was originally sold with its new car warranty. The new 10-year/100,000 mile powertrain warranty for pre-owned vehicles demonstrates that Hyundai is clearly confident in the cars it built back in 2002. [Source: Hyundai] PRESS RELEASE: HYUNDAI ANNOUNCES ENHANCED PRE-OWNED PROGRAM WITH AN INDUSTRY FIRST, 10 YEAR/100,000 MILE POWERTRAIN WARRANTY FOUNTAIN VALLEY, CALIF., 05/30/2007 Hyundai Motor America today announced an industry first with its new Hyundai Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty, boasting a 10-year/100,000 mile powertrain warranty on used vehicles going back five model years with less than 60,000 miles. The enhanced pre-owned program and pre-owned warranty provides buyers with an added level of comfort and satisfaction with their vehicle purchase. The enhanced pre-owned program was launched to Hyundai dealers in May 2007, with warranty being effective from date of original sale. Hyundai's enhanced Certified Pre-Owned vehicle program will provide buyers with:  Powertrain 10 year/100,000 mile warranty  150-Point Inspection  $50 deductible  Vehicles up to five model years old with less than 60,000 miles are eligible  Roadside assistance  Rental car coverage (up to $35/day for up to 10 days)  Towing coverage (up to $75 per occurrence)  Travel breakdown coverage (up to $375 per occurrence)  Diagnostics  Related damage for specific parts  Fluids  New car financing rates through Hyundai Motor Financing Company "We are very excited to launch an industry first," said Kimberly Walker, Hyundai Motor America's national manager of Assurance Products. "Hyundai's new vehicles feature America's Best Warranty and adding the same level of value to our pre-owned vehicles is just another example of how Hyundai stands behind their vehicles." Additional options available to the Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty include service contracts such as the Hyundai Certified Pre-Owned Wrap Contract which raises the comprehensive coverage on non-powertrain components, Hyundai Vehicle Care Maintenance Program and Hyundai Road Hazard Tire and Wheel option. Hyundai Motor America is working with Jim Moran  Associates, Inc. and its affiliated companies comprising the JMA Group on this industry first, enhanced certified pre-owned program. Hyundai Motor America, headquartered in Fountain Valley, Calif., is a subsidiary of Hyundai Motor Co. of Korea. Hyundai vehicles are distributed throughout the United States by Hyundai Motor America and are sold and serviced through more than 750 dealerships nationwide. Category: Maintenance , Hyundai Tags: certified pre-owned vehicle , certified preowned vehicles , CertifiedPre-ownedVehicle , CertifiedPreownedVehicles , cpov , hyundai , powertrain , warranty Hyundai 2014 Hyundai Hyundai Hatchbacks Hyundai Sedans Hyundai SUVs Hyundai Coupes Hyundai Equus Hyundai Accent Hyundai Azera Hyundai Elantra Hyundai Elantra GT Hyundai Genesis Hyundai Genesis Coupe Hyundai Santa Fe Hyundai Sonata Used Hyundai for Sale Powered by AOL Autos Add a Comment Sign in  Add a Comment Type your comment here *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Submit 13 15 Comments Filter by: Newest Oldest cutie I purchased a 2,008 Hyundai Santa Fe with 5500 miles on it. I left it in the driveway and after two days of heavy rain my rubber mat on the driver's side had some water in it. When I took it out I noticed the rugs were saturated with water. It took over two weeks for them to find the problem, replaced the top rug mat with another used mat in good condition. But how do I know how many rain storms that car was in? How do I know if wires were damaged, under rugs are moldy? What does the warranty cover in this situation, I don't feel good about buying this car anymore. August 11 2009 at 2:10 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  Harry Are you in need of an extended auto warranty? www.AutoWarrantyShopper.com today to find the best extended warranty for your car, truck or other auto. June 04 2007 at 11:07 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  XJ I own 2 Hyundais -- 2003 Elantra and 2007 Sonata. Only the Elantra has come in for warranty repair. Just recently I had the right headlight assembly replaced due to condensation inside the lens cover. Had no problems with the dealership whatsoever. They gave me a loaner and I only had to use it for less than 1 day. June 03 2007 at 2:20 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  Jeff How is the GM warranty a better deal? It's only five years. Ignore the 100K How many people drive 20K per year? Only one person I know does. I think the average is closer to 12-15K miles. Hyundai's warranty gives you more time because it allows a litle closer (albeit less than) to what the average person drives per year. I've had a heck of a time trying to get the big three to fix warranty issues in less than five tries, and I can't imagine Hyundai being any worse. They are probably par for the course as far as car stealerships go. June 02 2007 at 12:16 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  ZK This is because only the very best ones get certified. You must not have read this article: Certified? Yes. Satisfied? Not Always. http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/06/automobiles/06USED.html?ex=1336104000en=b92ac9c5025c8504ei=5118partner=rssaolemc=rss The only guarantee with a certified used vehicle is that the dealer and the automaker make more money June 02 2007 at 2:49 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply 1 reply to ZK's comment Tal Thanks for posting the article about CERTIFIED....doesn't seem to mean much if labeled as such. Son and daughter both bought certified Honda Accords from same dealer this year....Hondas are very reliable whether certified or not...we will wait and see how they fair.... This article will make me think twice before paying a premiun price for a car that may not be a premium article. thx again June 02 2007 at 11:25 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply Barney Have you guys read the owner stories of people trying to claim the magical warranty NO! Have you? June 02 2007 at 2:09 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  Woodenduck Just about everybody, factories and dealers alike, offer special warranties and perks on certified used vehicles. This is because only the very best ones get certified. June 01 2007 at 9:38 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  Tal Good for Hyundai.. This may be another way of saying to the rest of the automotive industry that Hyundai is building quality products and will stand behind its belief by offering one of the best warranties in the business. New or P-O. Is there another that offer a warranties this good? Perhaps the rest of the auto industry will now realize Hyundai is a serious competitor and may possibly pose a threat to the other top Asian companies. The progress they have made is amazing. June 01 2007 at 4:55 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  BT The Hyundai warranty drops to 5 yr/60K on the second owner. GM's warranty is 5yr/100K fully transferrable. Seems like the better deal unless you plan to keep your car for 10 years. The 10yr/100K has shock value. May was well make it 50yr/100K original owner if you're going to drop it to 5yr/60K for the second. June 01 2007 at 4:46 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply  Greg Proud Santa Fe Owner here. I bought a used 2002 Santa Fe 4x4 (all wheel drive) back in August 2004. It had 26k on it... and I recieved a warranty of 5 years / 60k... meaning I had a 34k / 3 yr warranty with the car. Long story short... 2 yrs later and 70k on the odometer and it's running like a champ. My wife uses daily back and forth to work. At 60 k I had a complete tune up - and belts.... which was a $1,000 job at Pep Boys. That timing belt was a $500 job alone. I had the transmission serviced at 34k and just last week at 70k. Radiator anti freeze changed twice so far... at the 70k mark and last summer during an oil change. Mobil 1 synthetic - 5w 30 every 5 - 7k ... Doesn't burn a drop. The original Bridgestone tires are still on it... and the fronts are going to be replaced in the next week or so... the rear still are in very good shape. Overall.. it's a damm good car. I am waiting for Hyundai to offer some deals / cash back and 0% financing on the new Santa Fe or Veracruz.. because I am going to buy another Hyundai. June 01 2007 at 4:25 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply Load more comments Advertisement  Socialize Podcasts Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS Research A New Car Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo All Makes Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo All Models Popular News Stories Motor Trend holds World's Greatest Drag Race for the third time How to make your car's engine look showroom fresh New Jersey rejects 'ATHEIST' vanity plate for being offensive Diesel Power finds the ultimate modified oil-burner 2014 Toyota Corolla 1988 Mercedes-Benz 560 SEC AMG is period gangsta Like sands through the hourglass, so is the 2014 Lexus GX First production Volvo P1800 stolen US diesel model count to double for 2014? Next Subaru WRX and STI to go sedan only; reveal headed for LA 105-year-old Facebook user gifted new car anonymously Infiniti releases first image of premium compact Q30 Concept 2014 Toyota Corolla priced from $16,800* Volvo shows glimpses of new Concept C Coupe ahead of Frankfurt [w/video] Dutch rally duo die in WRC support event [w/video] Tesla Model S vulnerable to hackers? Toyota Tacoma helps stand up to your girlfriend, mimes, magicians and the Grim Reaper A. Kahn owner turns down $9M offer for his Veyron's 'F1' license plate Auto critic calls out Corvette, Mustang and Cherokee faithful US car loans reach six-year high Find A Used Car All Makes All Models  AOL Autos Best Deal Anonymously negotiate with dealers near you. Select from over 12,000 dealers to get your Best Deal. Get Started  Featured Photo Galleries Facebook Activity You Might Also Like 2014 Kia Forte by Jeffrey N. Ross Next Subaru WRX and STI to go sedan only; reveal headed for LA by Brandon Turkus 2014 Toyota Corolla by Steven J. Ewing Popular New Cars on AOL Autos Buick Verano Nissan Cube Hyundai Veloster Dodge Challenger Jeep Wrangler Hyundai Genesis Chevy Malibu Cadillac XTS Chrysler 300 Nissan Altima  More Automotive News AutoblogGreen Nissan Leaf sales ready to expand beyond early adopter markets in US Tesla Model S goes 388 miles on 'normal' drive in Holland Nissan testing new, heat-resistant batteries for Leaf Engadget Nissan to sell multiple affordable self-driving cars by 2020 Uber takes its car service to Dubai, enters first Middle Eastern locale ATT opens latest Foundry facility in Atlanta, focusing on the connected car, home automation and emerging devices AOL Autos Father Thanks Rescuers For Saving Family From Floodwaters Tesla Outsells Ten Major Car Companies In California Unusual Reason One Town Closes A Main Road Translogic JetSurf Allows You To Ride The Water Without The Waves In Detail: EAA AirVenture Korean Researchers Develop Armadillo-T Folding Electric Car  Autoblog  AOL Autos New Car Research Rebates and Incentives Used Car Search Compare Vehicles Auto Dealers Owner Reviews My Wheels Car Repair Hyundai has just announced a new Certified Pre-Owned Limited Warranty on used (sorry, \previously owned\) vehicles that are up to five years old and have Sitemap Autoblog Mobile Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Our Ads Trademarks Help AOL A-Z  2013 AOL Inc. All rights reserved 