 Car Repair Auto Repair Toyota Repair Honda Repair Toyota Corolla Ticking Sound Repair Estimates Auto Parts Warehouse Car Repair car repair shop owners? I have a Chevy Lumina 1995, and the Blue Book value of the car is about $2850. The car is in good condition and still runs fine but due to a recent accident needs replacement of:- right and left front headlights - hood (it got bent)- bumper (it got dented)- air conditioner (A/C condenser + radiator)One repair shop owner declared the car a "total loss" and said the repair cost would be $3000, including parts replacement + labor + painting costs.However, another shop owner managed to put fo aholmes12003: what's the question???... More... is any breakdown cover, which pay for the repair if the car breakdown? i have checked the AA breakdown cover, which also provides cover repair cover, but when i read the term and condition, it say the car must have less than 100,000 mileage, but my car has done over 100,000 milesDoes anyone know of any insurance company that pay for the car repair, if the car beakdown, and does not have any limitation on the mileage. : ... More... how much should I pay to repair a head on my car? My husband and I are wanting to get our favorit car repair. I has a blown head gasket and he is telling me that there is no need to check around for prices. I cant drive the car seeing as how it overheats too easily. stacy: $500.00 average... More... Have you had your car repaired at a Progressive Repair Center? How did they do? I got hit by someone with progressive auto insurance. They took liability and Progressive is going to pay for all of my repair. They are going to have me go to their Progressive Service center, specifically the one in Portland Oregon. I want to make sure they are going to do a good job. Has anyone gotten their car repaired at one of their service centers, or even the one in Portland? Did they do a good job or would I be better off finding my own place to take my car? I would get a lifetime g An Oregon Nut: I haven't had personal experience with them, but found that at one of my local repair facilities (extremely highly rated) won't do insurance repairs for Progessive clients because Progressive won't allow them to do the repairs to their satisfaction and standards. The business is Ken Ware Chevrolet i... More... Miami Beach car repair shop? Does anybody know a good and honest car repair shop in or around Miami Beach, with experience on Mazdas/imports?? I did some hydrolock damage to my 2005 Mazda3 and need to know exactly how bad it is. I live around 8th and Meridian, and I would need my car towed to the repair shop - so the closer, the better.I'm especially looking for honesty and decency... I have little knowledge about engines, and a dishonest shop could easily tell me I need a new engine if they made more money out of it. Tha oklatom: POTAMKIN MAZDA 7400 BIRD ROAD MIAMI , FL 33155Phone: 305-266-3500... More... download car repair manual? i think the car companies should provide these for free!!!! any chance for a reliable download site for the repair manuals for a 1994 pontiac sunbird? free would be best...but... Thomas S: You can go to:autozone.com/serlet/uibrokerYou will not get the whole manual, but you can look up and print the parts of it you need for the job that you are planning.... More... Can I sue a car repair shop because they didnt fix my car right and got me into a accident? When my AC stopped working, I found out the belt for A/C gone missing, so I went to this car repair shop and have them changed the belt for Steering wheel( because I can see wear on it) and added a new AC belt. One day later, when I was drving down the road, when I making a left turn, suddently the steering wheel became very heavy. and my car hit the side of the road and was heavyly damaged. After that I found out that belt felt off.So am I able to sue them because of this?Yes, I do have the Dan S: It sound like the grounds for a law suit to me.If the accident was caused by the loss of the belt they replaced, then they are responsible, if it happened on the day after they serviced your car then their warranty should still be in effect. Your accident should be covered by their insurance carr... More... What was your most expensive car repair?? I would like to know from other users what was their most expensive car repair till date?? Please mention seperately if it was paid by insurance and not from your pocket. But I would be more intrested in knowing about those who paid from their own pocket.Im just curious enough because my mechanic gave me a big estimate, so I want to make myself comfortable by figuring out that its just not me but many have gone through this.By the way can you tell me how much it would be labour + parts if I n Rustskipper: It seems every time I take a car to the shop it is $500.00. My most expensive was on an old Jaguar and I wanted special components. $1800. A brake job can run from $300 to $500.... More... Any advice for someone who wishes to learn about car repair? I have always wanted to learn a little about car repair. I have never in my life known anyone who was into that kinda thing so I dont know anyone who can teach me. I dont want to become a menchanic so Im not talkin about going to a school or something like that. Im just lookin for maybe a book or website or anything that could maybe help me pick up a few things when it comes to car repair Carpet Shark Luver: Buy a repair manual for your vehicle and start doing maintainance and easy repairs on your own vehicle. Also there's a book out there called 'Car Repair for Dummies' or something like that which is supposed to be very helpful. =)... More... anyone know where to get the scion tc car repair manual? ive had the car since 2005, and now that its almost two years old i was hoping that the car repair manual would be out soon. i would just like to have it when i do headlight upgrades ex. for the diagrams. ladybutterfly4u: Go to the dealership (usually a toyota dealership unless you have an actual Scion dealership) and get the service manual. It will cost a little more than the ones you can get at advance/auto zone but it will be more acurate and you can get it now instead of having to wait. Also, have you tried Ebay... More... Car repair bills getting me down.-? Can anyone donate a car to me? seriously.? My car was crashed into and my insurance had lapsed because the post office lost my mail because I moved and I didn't realize my insurance lapsed by only three weeks, and I've been with out a car for 3 months. I really need to get a job because I am a single mother and it's like catch 22, without a car, can't get a job, and my repairs will cost 3,150 dollars and that doesn't include the cosmetic damage only the essential inside work. Or can someone don betn: You can use public transportation - a lot of people do. Or, since you have internet, do online work.... More... My car was in the shop for 2 months for repairs.I payed 2,500 for car rental. Can I fight ins.co reimburseme? I hit object in the road. This was a car repair shop referred to by insurance company. and car rental also worked with insurance company and repair shop. 2 month seems unreasonably long time for repair. Is there an insurance consumer rights to file complaint? jason: your insurance company probly only pays for so long. check your policy. you may be able to fight the repair shop for it... More... Help! how to repair car in GTA san andreas? Do i take it to Pay, or to that car modification place near the harbor, or somewhere else? on a mission it told me to get my car repaired, but didn't say where and i don't know where to go.thanks! (it was the Management Issues mission). you'll see a question about Burning Desire next. dumpweed219: You should be able to take it to any paint and spray. If there is a specific shop you need to take it to, it should appear on the map. What mission is it?... More... Can anyone who is royal, donate a car or car repair money? Can anyone donate a car to me? seriously.? My car was crashed into and my insurance had lapsed because the post office lost my mail because I moved and I didn't realize my insurance lapsed by only three weeks, and I've been with out a car for 3 months. I really need to get a job because I am a single mother and it's like catch 22, without a car, can't get a job, and my repairs will cost 3,150 dollars and that doesn't include the cosmetic damage only the essential inside work. Or can someone don P*Kitty: i would forget the repairs and by a beater for about $1500 so you have something to get to and from work... More... what kind of auto insurance do i need to get my car repaired by hit and run driver? my car was parked in parking lot, two other cars where also damaged by hit and run driver i am told that i need full coverage i just have libility is this enough my car has more damage then the others or do i have to repair this myself. bostonianinmo: Many states require uninsured motorist coverage. Even where it's not mandatory, it's usually very cheap. UIM will cover you against hit-and-run drivers as well as the idiots that drive without insurance.Check your policy. If you have UIM, you're covered. Just file a claim with your insurance c... More... how to get abandoned car tittle transfered to car repair owner's name? my auto repair shop has a few cars abandoned after they were repaired by customers whom either had no money to pay or for whatever the reason was for them to abandon their cars. we need to find a way to get the tittles in our names so we can sell the cars to make up for the repair fees. help!!! : ... More... 1985 mazda car repair, who do you recommend? Mechanic who specializes in Mazda car repairs cra-z-r-n-u: good answer to your own question... More... is there any kind of car repair assistance in beaver county pa? i need some assistance paying for my car repairs and i wasn't sure if there was a any charitable groups that help Thomas S: You just need to call around to church and other charitable organizations. Don't count of the Salvation Army, or Red Cross. Your church is the best bet. When I shingled our house church members came out and helped me for a weekend on two sides where I was having trouble. They even used their own... More... How long should it take for a mechanic to get me an estimate on my car repair? I took my car in to a mechanic last Thursday beacuse the engine light was on and the car was having trouble acceleraing. I had my car back by the time the shop closed on Friday. The car ran great for 2 days, but then had the same problem again on Monday (but without the engine light). I took it to the mechanic at 2 pm on Monday...and I still haven't gotten an estimate for the new repairs. When I spoke to the mechanic yesterday he said something about the timing being off. (I don't know any lugnutz59: Being an ASE Master Technician, I have to disagree with some of the above answers. Not every shop is "out to screw women over". And you can't really always charge a flat fee for diagnostics, as different problems require different diagnostics. Like if you have a tail light out, it's usually only a f... More... car repairs getting me down.? Can anyone donate a car to me? seriously.? My car was crashed into and my insurance had lapsed because the post office lost my mail because I moved and I didn't realize my insurance lapsed by only three weeks, and I've been with out a car for 3 months. I really need to get a job because I am a single mother and it's like catch 22, without a car, can't get a job, and my repairs will cost 3,150 dollars and that doesn't include the cosmetic damage only the essential inside work. Or can someone don ka: contact the Tyra Banks show - she is always giving people money who are in a crisis and and she probably would help you - go to the site.... More... Why do European car repairs costs so much more than equivalent Japanese or American car repairs? I have friends with European cars who have told me almost unbelievable stories on repair costs - transmission $8,000 many years ago, etc. Whoa_Phat: The parts are much more expensive, partly due to export tariffs from Germany. Partly due to better materials, partly to higher labor rates on assembling those parts.Also, they can charge more because they claim to have more repair "expertise" and training.Don't worry, the US manufacturers have not... More... Is it normal for my car repairs to take 6 weeks? A guy had hit me in my driver's side front fender of my 2006 Mazda6, caused major body damage, my wheel was bent in at a 45 deg. angle, etc. My insurance company has said he is 100% at fault, so the claim process is still pending.I told my insurance company to have one of their collision shops listed in their "Circle of Excellence" program perform the repairs. I didn't expect my repairs to take this long though. They said my car would be ready 2 weeks ago, but keep saying they're waiting fo deputy_dog_43: parts do get back ordered but i think they are just giving you the run around...most shops assign a car too one person to do the repairs if he goes on vacation then more then likely your car went on hold. after he makes the repairs then it goes to body shop then to paint so depending on how long the... More... car repaired through insurance does it get a category? my car is being repaired after the insurance forked out the ĂÂŁ3200 cost, It was bent on the front and had to be jigged will this be recorded on the car details when i get it back or do they not give it a category if they fix it Martin14th: In Uk there is no record kept if the insurance has paid out for repairs... More... A friend used my debit card for car repairs and won't pay me back.? A friend out of town asked if he could use my debit mastercard for some emergency car repairs. He said it would be about $800 and he promised he would pay it back in a few days when he sold the car (a BMW) to his brother. I gave him the card #. It ended up being $2,000 when the amont was deducted from my checking account. It is months later and he hasn't sold the car, hasn't paid me any money and now won't return my phone calls. I technically did not authroize use of my debit card for the : ... More... hit my car, should repair or get cash? Someone hit my car and he admits responsibility. He wanted to pay me with cash instead of going through insurance. But the bill is 1,700 to repair and now he wants me to go to his autoshop for an esitmate. When I get there, the mechanic who is is brother in law said he will fix the car and get it back to me in a few days. I was surprised since I thought I was just getting an estimate. So I am thinking. Should I just have them fix the car. The guy who hit me seems honest since he could have just tom j: i would go some where else cause if there related more an likley you will get a shi tty job and will do all possiable not to be held responable for a shi tty job good luck... More... car body repair? my car has picked up quite a few chips and blemishes and a couple of little dents, there's nothing that serious but i want to repair them, i've tried a touch up pen but it looks a bit naff.is there anywhere good around that will repair them for me at an affordable price? I live in kent mad_ness777: Try dent doctor, there good... More... Car Roof Repair? My car was vandalized and they cut through my convertable vinyl roof to open the door. Any suggestions on repair or replacement?The rip is an L-shape about 6 inches by 2 inches. : ... More... How do I repair a cigarette burn in my car's upolstry? Please help! Serious answers only. I just bought a new car a couple of months ago. I got a cigarette burn on the driver's seat behind my back. Is there anyway I can fix it quickly? Do those little car upolstry repair kits work? My family doesn't know I smoke!!! Please help! :~( riderchick: yes they do. i rented a car and the ash burnt the seat i bought a kit from wal-mart and you mix the fabric to match your car apply the glue then let it sit .......but on the back side of your seat i'm not sure if the new fabric stuff will stay in place. after applying place a playing card over and t... More... What is used for car dent repair? What is the material that is used for car dent repair? From what i've seen it looks like a sort of putty, browny/beige in colour?Also where can i get it? And how difficult is it to use? : ... More... car repair? air condition wont work put in one can of freon any suggestions Dan: Could be any number of things: compressor (does it engage when you turn on the unit), condensor, leak, not enough coolant, etc. Do yourself a favor...A/C units can be dangerous. Take to a qualified shop. Semper Fi... More... car repair? can any one tell me where the ring is on the drive shaft for the a,b,s, braking ,i have been told it could be causing the a,b,s, to kick in on normal driving, and describe it please, it may be cracked : ... More... How do you learn to repair cars? do I have to take alot of courses until I learn how to repair cars..like putting in a new part etc...how else can I learn i dont know anybody personally soo yeah? r there places where theyll just let u watch them ?like an internship or something..does reading books just help? and looking at the car urself? fountain of youth: if you want to learn, you have to be taught... More... Car in repair shop for over 2 months and not close to repair. What Kind of recourse could I take? Initially the shop said my vehical would be repaired in 20 business days but it has been 2 months and car is still barely close to finish. I paid half for repairs but now I just want to end my business with them and hopfully get some of my money back. What legal recourse can I take an could I get all my initial payment back or just some? : ... More... Can anyone donate a car or repair money? Can anyone donate a car to me? seriously.? My car was crashed into and my insurance had lapsed because the post office lost my mail because I moved and I didn't realize my insurance lapsed by only three weeks, and I've been with out a car for 3 months. I really need to get a job because I am a single mother and it's like catch 22, without a car, can't get a job, and my repairs will cost 3,150 dollars and that doesn't include the cosmetic damage only the essential inside work. Or can someone don ka: Try contacting the Tyra Banks Show - there is a website - she is always helping people out.... More... Is my car insurance still responsible for my car if repairs weren't done probably? I have a 1996 pontiac sunfire and it was involved in an accident with front end damage.my car was at the auto repair almost two month when I picked up my car my coolant light came on they hadn't replaced the anti freeze (I had to do that myself)and two days later my check engine light came on and it finally when off. Three days later it came back on. I had a diagnostic test done and I got a code of #PO440.I took it to my mechanic and he got the same code.My mechanic can't find the problem and hi Norm: If you used the repair shop the insurance company recommended they stand behind the work.If you took the check and found your own repair shop the insurance company will not get involved.... More... i bought a car that repairs wont even fix.? the owner promised the car would last years 3 days ago. my mechanic said it MIGHT last a month and no repair will fix it because it has soooo many problems. i bought it from a private party as is. do i have any rights? can i get my money back? can i sue? can i kill him....lol.... just kidding. please time is of the essence. helppppppppp Jennifer M: I think there is a Lemon Law.. I don't know if it applies to private sales.. it might be buyer beware.... but check what your state laws are on the matter.... More... where can i find/buy books on what to charge to repair a car/truck? my dad just opened an auto repair shop and he wants to know how much to charge for repairs. he has worked as a repair man for 20 years but for someone else. now he doesnt want to overcharge or undercharge. i want to buy a book or magazine or cd rom or anything that can tell us what would be a good price to charge for anything ranging from changing brakes to painting an entire car. also he wants some computer programs that show you the entire structure of the car like in the car dealerships. some : ... More... somebody know a website on car repair.. and tells how to ?? I have a 98 ford mustang, if you find a website specific for this car is better...THANK YOU : ... More... What's the name of song,which is in movie"A Walk To Remember"?It's from radio, when Landon repairs car. It is the song from radio, when Landon is repairing his car and also Eric is there. giggleglit: Try looking on these sites if you know any of the lyrics....http://www.lyricfind.com/ http://www.lyricsmania.com/ http://lyrics.astraweb.com/ http://www.leoslyrics.com/... More... car repair question? how hard is it to replace a cam position sencor on a 1988 buick lasebre 3.8, is it expencive at repair shops , im in kentucky stallion1948_lloyd: its not hard.i got a 88 olds 3.8 and i replaced 1 on mine.all you do is disconnect the neg.cable of the battery and take off the belt and the wheel of the water pump and there it is.it has 1 bolt,you take out and just put the new 1 back in and tighten the bolt and put on the pulley and belt,then wai... More... car repair mongolia language? does any one know cite that has auto repair in mongolia? QFL 24-7: When I was there, every driver doubled as a mechanic. I saw a guy fix a broken axle with no supplies in the middle of the Gobi. Amazing. I'd just ask someone, Mongols are very nice.... More... Car repair help needed in Columbus Ohio? Does anyone have a favorite mechanic they go to that:1) treats them fair and is honest2) offers a low price3) can repair brake lines, evaporator lines, and fuel lines.also, have you ever had those 3 parts replaced, for how much, and where? I was quoted a price of $1300!oh yeah, i have a 95 toyota camry, 4 cylinder. wmb1200: this depends on a whole lot more information,you say brake lines need replcing do to rust,or age.anyway depending on how thet are repairing the problem will have the largest effect on the overall job.when they replace the whole line it can get expensive,due to things having to be moved over or remo... More... car window tint repair? the window tinting on my car is getting scratched.is there a repair kit for this? Fallon V: There is no way to repair tint damage. It is only a thin film. you can go to a car repair store (auto zone, o'reilly's) and get some do it your self tint or you can go to a place and have your whole car retinted from like 70 to 200 dollars... More... Can you claim your car insurance if your car needs repairs not caused by an accident? If you have fully comprehensive insurance can you make a claim even though you have not been in a crash or other accident? The car in question has an MOT however it needs extensive repairs and is not drivable. The repairs are going to cost more than the car is worth and so it really just needs to be scrapped or sold for a ridiculously small sum of money to someone who can fix it up. The problem is that there is still a huge outstanding balance for the loan repayment of the car! Can anyone help p lozzielaws: If you are in the uk, you cannot claim. Insurance is for accident damage such as being involved with another car/tree/ wall etc.Repairs come under 'wear and tear' and are not covered. Also, most insurers wont pay out for a car that has not been looked after anyway - it usually states in your poli... More... is there any web sites about free car repair? im needing help with getting my car fixed. edselmanll: Here are the places to try, your church, your school, local college or highschool, Salvation Army :)... More... What can be done about mechanics cheating people when it comes to car repair? I'm sure we've all heard stories about a repair shop taking someone for a ride. What can we do about this? Maybe Dateline can do a special series on this and go all across the country with hidden cameras. mick: Ask for an estimate before leaving car also demand to see all parts that were replaced.If they encounter any problems to contact you before carrying out any additional work.Also ask for their hourly rate charged.... More... car repair questions please help? I have a '99 Ford Taurus. In the past year I have replaced the transmission-fuel filter-several other things. Last night I was driving home and after driving about 30 miles the car would just not go. I would push the gas and nothing- it was like it wasn't getting any gas. I do not believe it is the tranmission. I'm wondering if it is egr valve or sensor. Any other ideas. : ... More... Car repair how would I hook up emergency breaks? Car is a 1990 pontiac sunbird : ... More... Car repair estimate...? I have a 97 Plymouth Neon and I got in a little car accident. The driver's side mirror was broken and needs to be replaced. Can anyone give me an estimate of how much it might cost for hte part and an estimate of labor. I live in Sacramento, CA. b-town: mirrow will cost about $150.00 labor to install the mirrow about one hour labor... More... Cheap car repair shops? I dont have collision in my insurance, I have hit a car and back side is gone. Macco asked me 2200$. Please help me how can I get a cheap shop. Is there any other shops or options...plz plz help EQ: Just look up auto body shops in the phone book and get several estimates. The guys from the Car Talk show on NPR have a website with a section where you can look up mechanics in your area and see who other people recommend. It's not really body shops, but it might be worth looking at.http://www.c... More... Car repair questions provided Yahoo Answers 