More NEWS VIDEO MSN SPECIALS ENTERTAINMENT AUTOS CITIES LIFESTYLE MONEY SPORTS PHOTOS Outlook Skype MSN India Make MSN India my home page outlook Page Options Make text larger Next-Gen IE Help Sign in Follow Search site | Web Search: Entertainment Photos Home Bollywood Hollywood South Cinema TV Videos Photos TV Listings Specials celebrities What's on Star star sports Star Plus life ok Updated: Mon, 26 Aug 2013 20:15:00 GMT | By Cat Collins , contributor, MSN Celebrity Robert Pattinson slams Twilight fans and other celebrity fandom fails Ed Westwick AP Show Thumbnails 4 of 10 Share this Gallery Tweet Perhaps Gossip Girl star Ed should've thought twice before publicly outing the fans who live in his building. "I’ve been getting some weird mail, that’s for sure," he told Metro in 2009. "There have been a couple of nights where some of the girls who live there have obviously got a bit drunk and written love letters and slipped them under the door. We have one stuck up on the fridge. She goes on some rant about how she is not like other girls and I should give her a call and we should hang out." Eek. That must've made for an awkward hallway run-in. Advertisement  Other Galleries Satyagraha 'Welcome Back' unveiled! Mumbai not safe for women: Bollywood actresses Birthday Suite: Neha Dhupia Cinema's strippers Star Wars: Kareena Kapoor vs. Priyanka Chopra MTV VMAs 2013: Best and worst moments The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones - what you should know 'The Lunchbox' press meet Robert Pattinson slams Twilight fans and other celebrity fandom fails Ben Affleck set to play Batman in Batman vs. Superman movie Spotlight: John Abraham Launch of Anil Kapoor's '24' Magical movie MacGuffins 'Chennai Express' success bash » More Enterainment Photos celebrities Birthday Suite: Evelyn Sharma 'Hatke' Sitare: Nawazuddin Siddiqui Spotlight: Farhan Akhtar Know Your Star: Sonam Kapoor Glamzone: Anushka Shetty Birthday Special: Sylvester Stallone » More Celebrities features Kanye West reveals softer side in first interview since becoming a dad MTV Video Music Awards 2013: the highlights A-list trend: Lady Gaga and other stars' wacky headgear Weight loss stars: now and then The most memorable moments of the MTV VMAs Shocking celebrity confessions » More Features Advertisement ADFeedback What’s on Star Advertisement ADFeedback Feature cannot display as JavaScript is disabled on your browser Latest Photos The King’s dream speech: In pictures Animals of the month: August 2013 Best pictures from US Open Satyagraha Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2013 - Day 3 'Welcome Back' unveiled! This beauty is linked to which footballer? Mumbai not safe for women: Bollywood actresses Celebrities and their motorcycles part 2: Pictures The best music festival cars: Pictures Guilty pleasures: why the Chevrolet Corvette C5 is an awesome piece of American muscle Indians in top league: In pictures Lakme Fashion Week Winter/Festive 2013 - Day 2 9 Weirdest Beauty Treatments Top sports pictures of the week News of the week in pictures: Aug. 17-23 Pet-a-porter: Guinea Pig Fashion Animals of the month: July 2013 Explore Other Galleries News Lifestyle Sports Autos Green All Photos Terms of Use Advertise on this site Privacy Statement MSN Worldwide Help Anti-Spam Policy MSN Code of conduct © 2013 Microsoft