 About Canadian Artists Art History for Children Art Movements Canadian Artists Write for Children Children's Literature Bibliographies Cultural Artwork Graphic Novels (Comic Books) Native Art Poetry & Art  This is the "Home" page of the "Children's Literature and the Art Curriculum" guide. Alternate Page for Screenreader Users Skip to Page Navigation Skip to Page Content Find a Person ONEcard Bear Tracks Maps Email & Apps eClass Library Guides Libraries Home Ask Us Version FranĂ§aise Admin Sign In Library  University of Alberta Library Guides  Children's Literature and the Art Curriculum Children's Literature and the Art Curriculum Children's literature illustration that fit art curriculum components. Last Updated: Jul 2, 2013 URL: http://guides.library.ualberta.ca/elementaryart Print Guide RSS Updates Email Alerts Home Find Books Lesson Plans & Activities Read up on it! Teaching Art Guide Education Library Home Home Comments(0) Print Page Search Text Search Type Search:  This Guide All Guides Library Catalog Web Search  Children's Literature Artwork that fuels a child's imagination... See these children's author and illustration web sites for award winning books: Canadian Library Association Children's Literature Awards Governor General's Literary Awards Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver Award for Illustration in Children's Literature Bologna Children's Book Fair Caldecott Medal - American Library Association Coretta Scott Kind Award - American Library Assoc. Ezra Jack Keats Award Golden Kite Awards Society of Children's Book Writers & Illustrators : illustrators gallery Sid Fleischman Award  Books and Art Why use children's literature in the art classroom? "Every school and public library is a treasure house of small works of art-- picture books. The texts of some of these books are brief gems of polished prose worthy of study as a form of literature in their own right. But more important... each good picture book displays a set of well-produced works of art, carefully designed for the space provided. ...Combining the wealth of art available in picture books with references to both art "masterpieces" and the folk and popular art of the world around them, students can begin to learn the language of art." ( Picture Books for Looking and Learning: Awakening visual perceptions through the art of children's books by Sylvia S. Marantz) Alberta Education Teachers Resource Manual: Appreciating Art (Reflection) "Have students search for illustrations in childrens literature that provoke strong feelings for them personally. Children relate easily to the illustrations /artwork in books meant for their level. Linked image above from ICDL.The mission of the International Childrens Digital Library Foundation is "to excite and inspire the world's children to become members of the global community  children who understand the value of tolerance and respect for diverse cultures, languages and ideas -- by making the best in children's literature available online." Powered by Springshare ; All rights reserved. Report a tech support issue . View this page in a format suitable for printers and screen-readers or mobile devices . People Policies Gifts and Donations Our Collections Copyright Employment Contact Us Search the Library ÂŠ 2012 University of Alberta Libraries 116 St. and 85 Ave., Edmonton, AB, Canada T6G 2R3  Description Loading... More Information Loading... Close 