 The Ojai Post Ojai News and community blog from the Ojai Community. Visit for a taste of Ojai.     updates via email:  [ What is this? ]  Partner Sites Ojai Events Ojai Jobs Ojai Restaurants Ojai Business Directory Ojai Economy Group Ojai Healers Ojai TV Ojai Garden Blog Healing Blog About Us Meet Our Authors Vision Statement Contact Us Search Search The Ojai Post:: Elsewhere Chamber of Commerce City of Ojai Noted Ojai Authors Ojai Valley Green Coalition Get Ready Ojai! Ojai Peace Coalition Natural Building Network Ojai Bloggers Apperceive Hidden Hamlet Jade Cricket La Ojai Valley Epost OVN Blog Valley Vegetarian  © 2006-2009 The Ojai Post  all rights reserved The views expressed herein are the personal views of each individual author or commenter and are not intended to reflect the views of The Ojai Post or its Authors, Tribal Core or Tyler Suchman as managing editor.  Back to The Ojai Post home Arts & Entertainment :: The Ojai Post July 07, 2010 Special Edition of The Ojai Bubble Continue reading "Special Edition of The Ojai Bubble"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 08:52 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio July 06, 2010 Special Edition of The Ojai Bubble A Note from Nancy Gross of The Ojai Bubble. The Ojai Bubble July 2010 issue is at Ojai Printing and will be out and around in a few days. The issue is themed around French Connections to Ojai, in light of Bastille Day on July 14, and the French Festival in Santa Barbara on July 17 and 18. To view a small sampling of what is within, visit The Ojai Bubble’s Facebook page. With 28 pages of articles, photographs and poems, it is not only thicker than Volume 1; it is more consistent visually, while still playful and colorful. Perhaps Steve Grumette enhancing my photos, and having three professional photographers contribute are the reasons the pages look so pretty. And, as I received a suggestion here, a suggestion there, from Anca Colbert, my daughter Ivy Anderson, P. Lyn Middleton, Myrna Cambianica, and others, I grew in the graphics role. Continue reading "Special Edition of The Ojai Bubble"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 10:32 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 26, 2010 OVGC: Watershed Talk and Movie TONIGHT at Chap Tonight at Chaparral Auditorium, 414 E Ojai Ave, 7pm, check out a presentation by Brock Dolman, Director of the WATER Institute and author of Basins of Relations: Think Like a Watershed. This will be preceded by a short film: The Cycle of Insanity: The Real Story of Water. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:42 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio May 25, 2010 Friday: Matilija Junior High Talent Show from reader Kathy Couturie... Matilija Junior High School students are competing in a talent show Friday, May 28 at 7:00PM in the school’s auditorium. “MATILIJA’S GOT TALENT” will feature 10 acts. Twenty students will perform in bands, plus singing, dancing, and more. The show is sponsored by the PTA and is an important fundraiser for the school. All are welcome to come out and support this unique display of highly talented students! Tickets are available in advance at the Matilija school office at 703 El Paseo Rd., or just prior to the event at the door. Doors open at 6:00PM; tickets cost $5. For more information contact Matilija Junior High at 805-640-4355 extension 1657 Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:08 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Zeretzke Award At Libbey Bowl 7pm Tonight! The City of Ojai will present John Zeretzke with a Lifetime Achievement Award tonight to kick off the Nordhoff High School Jazz Band concert at 7pm. The Arts Commission decided to move the ceremony to the bowl because of all the students he has influenced will be there at the same time as the city council meeting. The council meeting will proceed as usual at 7:30. And thank you Bill Wagner for honoring our request. So, if you planned to go to the city council meeting, come over to the Libbey Bowl for the ceremony and honor John and the work he does in arts education and support the Nordhoff Jazz Band and Should be great fun! Posted by Demitri Corbin at 09:11 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 23, 2010 OBC Salutes Food Share with Craft Beer and Fine Food Here's a cool Father's Day Weekend event that's making me thirsty. If you love to celebrate with finely crafted beers, delicious food and hang out at the beach, then the Ojai Beverage Company and 33 Productions, Inc . have put together just the event for you. On June 19 The Salute Beer Festival will bring a variety of widely acclaimed breweries, restaurants and live musical entertainment to the Ventura State Beach. Net proceeds from the event are being donated to Food Share ; Ventura County's regional food bank, which feeds more than 55,000 people through 150 plus partner agencies in Ventura County. That's a worthy cause to celebrate. With dozens of American Craft Breweries and the regions finest restaurants signed on for the for the beer and food pairing event, the blessing of the California Small Brewers Association, music by Jack Maness of Sublime and Long Beach Dub All Stars the only real thing left to let you know is to buy your tickets at salutebeerfestival.com . General Admission $50, VIP $125 until June 1, then $60 and $135 respectively. Props to Joby Yobe of OBC and Christine Hansen of 33 Productions for putting together such an impressive lineup. Full press release after the jump. Continue reading "OBC Salutes Food Share with Craft Beer and Fine Food"  Posted by Chris Wilson at 09:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio May 20, 2010 Music Festival: Gail Zappa Joins Zappa Symposium from the fine folk at Ojai Music Festival... Frank Zappa, America’s great musical iconoclast and innovator, once said “a composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.” Famous to some for his rock band “The Mothers of Invention,” and to others for his sharp tongue and avant-garde classical music, Zappa enjoyed a legendary career that spanned more than 30 years and astonished the world by breaching the barriers of musical genres. Continue reading "Music Festival: Gail Zappa Joins Zappa Symposium"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:01 AM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio May 19, 2010 Introducing the Ojai Bubble Continue reading "Introducing the Ojai Bubble"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 09:11 PM | Permalink  | Comments (35) | author bio May 17, 2010 Volunteers needed for Ojai Music Festival from the fine folk at the Ojai Music Festival... The Ojai Music Festival is still recruiting volunteers to assist at the 64th Festival slated for June 10 to 13, 2010. Volunteer positions include hospitality, production, set up, security, ushering, artist liaisons, and office assistance. This is an exciting and fun way to experience the Ojai Music Festival from behind the scenes and meet new people. Continue reading "Volunteers needed for Ojai Music Festival"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:38 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio 33rd Annual Art in the Park PR from the Ojai Art Center... Memorial Day weekend takes on an added degree of excitement May 29th and 30th with the return of one of Ojai’s main cultural events, the 33rd annual Art in the Park. The open-air juried show draws artists and art lovers from all over southern California to Libbey Park for two days of sales and socializing. From 10:00 a.m. until 5:00 pm. Saturday and Sunday the park will come alive with the art and chatter of over 50 artists hoping to make a connection and sell their work. Art lovers will be there to purchase their newest treasure or just to have a chance to appreciate the newest work of a previously unknown artist. Continue reading "33rd Annual Art in the Park"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 16, 2010 Congratulations -- Ojai's Deb and Chris Get Married! Ojai acting troupe's leaders wed onstage in musical extravaganza This is such a great story in today's VC Star --with fabulous photos. http://www.vcstar.com/news/2010/may/15/ojai-acting-troupes-leaders-wed-onstage-in/ I expect that this story will travel around the world... Posted by Suza Francina at 09:52 AM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio May 12, 2010 John Zeretzke Given City of Ojai’s Lifetime Achievement Award story from Linda Harmon...congrats to a worthy recipient. I first met Zeretzke on the back patio of Local Hero (now Feast Bistro), on a beautiful Ojai summer night. He and tenor Mark Llewellyn were performing lilting ballads that floated on the evening air. The audience knew they were in the presence of two uncommonly talented and unique musicians when Zeretzke began to make weird, unearthly sound effects to accompany the old whaling song they sang, the sounds of breaching whales. This he accomplished on an electronic violin and a handmade set of rare Bulgarian bagpipes. Continue reading "John Zeretzke Given City of Ojai’s Lifetime Achievement Award"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:40 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio May 07, 2010 Ojai Music Festival Seeks Housing Hosts for the 2010 Festival from the fine folk at the Ojai Music Festival... The 64th Ojai Music Festival, slated for June 10 to 13, is seeking housing hosts for behind-the-scene production/technical staff and college music student interns. The Festival is in need of guest cottages, private rooms, and homes in the Ojai Valley. “It’s been a tradition since the late 1940s for Ojai Valley residents to extend their hospitality by inviting artists and production staff to stay at private homes or guest houses during the Festival weekend,” explains Festival operations director Gillian McManus. “These opportunities have allowed artists to intimately experience the magic of Ojai, and it is a lifetime chance for residents to meet talented individuals in the classical music industry.” Continue reading "Ojai Music Festival Seeks Housing Hosts for the 2010 Festival"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:03 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio May 06, 2010 The Noisy Donut Shop at Ojai Playhouse The Noisy Donut Shop presents a special screening of Maynard James Keenan's (Tool, Puscifer, A Perfect Circle) new documentary film which follows his unusual adventure starting his own vineyard in an Arizona ghost town. As the Los Angeles Times states, "The frisson between his [Keenan] well-crafted personal mystique and the way the film presents him as a dedicated new winemaker learning his craft is intriguing." The film excited local artist and wine lover Attasalina Dews, so she and Christopher the Minister have teamed up with the Ojai Playhouse and the Village Jester to bring you this unique event. An after party will be held at the JESTER featuring wine from the ARIZONA STRONGHOLD... CHUPACABRA The Trickster. The Shape Shifter. The ever elusive shadow who mutates with the Sun and Moon. One year a Dragon, another a Snake. This is our mystery blend. Think forest, not trees. Think weather, not rain. Stare, and the CHUPACABRA, who dwells in your heart and not in your head, will vanish. Only a True Alchemist can draw holy blood from a stone, and the CHUPACABRA is his opus, his phoenix, his cherub, his child. Bravo, Mr. Glomski, Bravo! RSVP and invite your friends! (Reserve your tickets today at 805.646.1011) facebook event page http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=102461589797546=1 facebook movie page http://www.facebook.com/pages/Blood-Into-Wine/178422249785 Posted by Demitri Corbin at 08:51 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Ojai Valley Museum Sunday Gathering from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... Ojai Shakespeare Festival - Looking Back With the Madrigali Renaissance Voices Sunday, May 16, 2-4 pm Join former artistic directors and actors Paul Backer, John Slade, Jaye Hersh, Susan Kelejian and Claire Haider for a rich and colorful look back at the Ojai Shakespeare Festival. This group presented its first play in the historic Libbey Bowl in 1981. Enlivening the gathering, the Madrigali Renaissance Voices will perform some of their entertaining stories and songs. . Everyone is welcome to this interesting and enjoyable afternoon. Continue reading "Ojai Valley Museum Sunday Gathering"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:08 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Mother's Day at Made In Ojai from the fine folk at Made in Ojai - take yer mama... Made in Ojai’s Second Sunday Artisans’ Faire will feature a Mothers Day theme. Outside there will be artisans making jewelry and other art forms and in the store, you will find many Mothers Day themed gifts. You are invited to make a Tiny Self Puppet to take home and to visit with the artists. Sunday 10 am – 2 pm. Free to the public. 323 E. Matilija Street, 646-2400. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:03 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio May 03, 2010 Theater 150: Fundraising is Tacky from Co-Artistic Director Chris Nottoli and the fine folk at Theater 150... On May 15th in Libbey Bowl, I’m going to marry Deb Norton, the coolest, smartest, most talented person I’ve ever met. There might be 500 to 1000 people witnessing the ceremony. Why? Because I’m ego-maniacal braggart? Hardly. As you’ll see in the musical, that is the ceremony, the last thing I wanted was to be married, much less involved in some culturally mandated, pair-bonding ritual. Was it because Deb’s dad has a shotgun to my back? Nope. Well, I hope he doesn’t… Continue reading "Theater 150: Fundraising is Tacky"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:58 PM | Permalink  | Comments (13) | author bio Feel Good Music in Ojai Have you ever been to a concert and just end up smiling the entire time because the music is positive, fun, and creative? A performance where the energy is just right, the lyrics are inspirational, and the performer is happy to be alive and share? Joe Reilly is that performer and he'll be in Ojai on Tuesday performing in the Soul Centered dome at 7pm. Tickets at the door. Joe Reilly's heart is an infinite ocean and each song that he writes is a resonant wave. We call him Spiritboy because when he aligns his hands, his heart, and his harmonies, he not only displays his personal emotional journey, he also plucks the heartstrings of hope to bring us beyond despair into healing action. His heart has been nurtured by Native American, Buddhist, and Catholic teachings. As a result, he can howl a chilling splash-in-the face blues about treachery and historical injustice and inspire you with upbeat ditties that echo in your mind long afterwards. Joe is from Michigan and this will be his second pass through Ojai. In the years I've known Joe, I've discovered that he is gentle, kind, loving, musical, creative, and fun. His music his perfect for kids of all ages and most who leave wanting more. Listen to select tracks. Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 09:53 AM | Permalink  | Comments (11) | author bio April 30, 2010 Oak View Memorial Day Parade is May 31! This just in from the Oak View Civic Council: Dear Friends & Neighbors, Join us for the Memorial Day Parade Monday May 31 2010!! The Oak View Civic Council honors our Ojai Valley Veterans. Our theme is “Honoring our Veterans, in War and Peace”. Monday May 31st, we start with a pancake breakfast from 7–10: am organized by the American Legion in Oak View. Our valley wide Memorial Day Parade starts at 9:45 along Old Ventura Ave. in Oak View and entrants march/roll down the shortest parade route ! We encourage your organization to join us to make this community parade a wonderful event for all. Continue reading "Oak View Memorial Day Parade is May 31!"  Posted by evan austin at 11:44 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1709) | author bio April 28, 2010 Guest Editorial: Brian Bemel I asked Brian Bemel to share his story. Brian is President and Artistic Director of Performances to Grow On which is putting on this weekend's 11th Annual Ojai Storytelling Festival . Who's going to at least one of the events? My Story in Storytelling By Brian Bemel The sharing of stories is what makes us human. It is the spoken word that is the door to all of the beautiful, terrible, wondrous and astounding things we have done- Bill Harley, storyteller Continue reading "Guest Editorial: Brian Bemel"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:55 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio April 24, 2010 Reminder: Ojai's EarthPlay on the Meadow Today-- April 24 Saturday, April 24th, 11am--5pm. EarthWalk starts at 10 am. Valet Bike Parking Ride your bike to EarthPlay on the Meadow and the Ojai Valley Green Coalition will see that you get Valet Bike Parking for your trusty ride! http://www.ojaivalleygreencoalition.org/2010/04/valet_bike_parking_at_earthpla.shtml Here are Ojai's Earth Day Details: If you’re looking for some good old-fashioned fun for Earth Day, no need to look very far! The Ojai Valley Land Conservancy, in partnership with Oak Grove School, Ojai Valley Green Coalition, Rotary Ojai – West, Rotary Club of Ojai, and other earth friendly Ojai organizations will offer a community-wide Earth Day celebration on Saturday, April 24th, 11am -- 5pm. (EarthWalk starts at 10 am) Starting at Rotary Park on Ojai Avenue, check out alternative transportation at Rotary West’s exhibit, and find out how you can win a great prize by getting out of your car for the day. From there, join an EarthWalk at 10am, to EarthPlay on the Ojai Meadows Preserve for an earthly fun day of eco-friendly activities celebrating the earth beneath our feet on Ojai’s own nature preserve. Located on Maricopa Highway next to Nordhoff High School, the Preserve is just minutes away from just about anywhere in Ojai. Continue reading "Reminder: Ojai's EarthPlay on the Meadow Today-- April 24"  Posted by Suza Francina at 07:26 AM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio April 21, 2010 Arts and Entertainment Notes Get out and have some fun! This weekend: EarthPlay on the Meadow , The 110th Ojai Valley Tennis Tournament and the Madrigali at the Art Center Next weekend: Ojai Storytelling Festival and the Annual Open Studio . Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:24 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Libbey Bowl Exhibit at the Museum good stuff from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... In Ojai, California, an outdoor landmark of world-renown will be razed to the ground on June 21, 2010 and reconstruction will begin immediately thereafter. Beginning in 1957, Ojai’s Libbey Bowl amphitheater has gathered international music and theatre groups attracting audiences from southern to northern California, and from east coast to west coast. As a tribute to the past, present and future of Ojai’s Libbey Bowl, the Ojai Valley Museum will mount an historical exhibition showcasing the highlights of the Bowl’s first 50 years, and the plans for its reconstruction and future use. Continue reading "Libbey Bowl Exhibit at the Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:58 AM | Permalink  | Comments (65) | author bio April 16, 2010 Deep Time and The Meaning of Life -- Sunday, April 18th, at the Ojai Retreat Sunday, April 18, 2:00pm-4:00pm Ojai Retreat 160 Besant Road in Ojai (above the Ranch House Restaurant) The story of the development of life on Earth is not just a theory for biology books. It is the key to understanding our world today – not only our environment, but the moral and spiritual dimensions of our world as well. This is the theme of ‘Deep Time and the Meaning of Life’, a talk to be given by David E. Moody, Ph.D. Dr. Moody’s talk explores the intersection between science and the sacred. It examines the extraordinary mystery of why our planet is so perfectly suited for life, with just the right climate and chemistry for us and all living things. Did this happen because God made it this way? Or are we just lucky? Or is there a deeper, more interesting explanation? Continue reading "Deep Time and The Meaning of Life -- Sunday, April 18th, at the Ojai Retreat"  Posted by Suza Francina at 08:35 PM | Permalink  | Comments (18) | author bio April 15, 2010 Libbey Bowl at the Ojai Valley Museum I'm looking forward to checking this out. From the fine folk at the Museum... The Ojai’ Libbey Bowl’s imminent renovation is the source of big excitement for a little town. The excitement grows with plans underway for the exhibit, “Ojai’s Libbey Bowl/Past, Present, Future,” opening April 29 at the Ojai Valley Museum, 130 W. Ojai Ave. The exhibit, like the Bowl project, is a joint community project, and will spotlight people and events that have been part of the amphitheater’s long history. It is a joint venture between the Museum and the Save Libbey Bowl committee of the Ojai Valley Service Association. Continue reading "Libbey Bowl at the Ojai Valley Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:40 AM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio April 12, 2010 Open Music Thread Metallica's maturing smooth jazz-metal fusion. Still rocks! What are you listening to? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 04:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (13) | author bio April 10, 2010 Save Libbey Bowl...why? The first year that Sweetie and I moved to Ojai we attended the Music Festival. We had no idea what to expect, including the Libbey Bowl wooden benches imported from Spain after Torquemada had finished with them. We sat close to the front, not wanting to miss a dulcet tone, a memorable phrase, a catchy tune. Warmly placed between what turned out to be veteran Festival goers, we patiently waited for the program to begin. A middle-aged man emerged to polite applause, plunked himself before the impressive Steinway and began to play. It’s been years since we experienced his performance and perhaps my memory is a bit clouded, but I swear he was playing with his elbows. Continue reading "Save Libbey Bowl...why?"  Posted by Fred Rothenberg at 12:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (12) | author bio April 06, 2010 Art exhibit for Ojai Center for the Arts from the fine folk at Ojai Center for the Arts... The Art of Erin Gafill, a San Francisco painter with family roots in Carmel’s historic art colony beginnings, will hold an opening reception Sunday, April 11 for her current work on view at the Ojai Center for the Arts, 113 S. Montgomery. Gafill’s exhibit entitled, “The Passionate Landscape,” features her expansive, vibrant scenes of the Central Coast, from Tomales Bay in the north to Big Sur in the south. (images after the jump...) Continue reading "Art exhibit for Ojai Center for the Arts"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio April 04, 2010 Ojai Music Festival - Call for Volunteers from the fine folk at the Ojai Music Festival... The Ojai Music Festival is currently seeking volunteers to assist at the 64th Festival slated for June 10 to 13, 2010. Volunteer positions include hospitality, production, set up, security, ushering, artist liaisons, and office assistance. This is an exciting and fun way to experience the Ojai Music Festival from behind the scenes and meet new people. Continue reading "Ojai Music Festival - Call for Volunteers"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 04:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio April 03, 2010 Attasalina in Bergamot Station Premiere Here are a few more shots. Continue reading "Attasalina in Bergamot Station Premiere"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 10:02 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio March 31, 2010 Attasalina at Bergamot Station Attasalina Dews is one of 50 artist to be featured in a show called Month of Photography in Los Angeles at Bergamot Station in Santa Monica. The group show which documents Southern California neighborhoods premieres April 3rd. The Lucie Foundation Presents MONTH OF PHOTOGRAPHY LOS ANGELES [MOPLA 2010] Gala Opening Night Featuring groupSC2009 an intimate view of southern california Premiere Digital Installation Saturday, April 3rd 2010 6:00 pm – 10:00pm Bergamot Station and adjacent MINARC / Gallery SKART 2324 Michigan Ave, Santa Monica, CA 90404 Artist's Bios, More Details and Images from the project can be viewed on exhibition website: www.galleryskart.com/groupsc2009 Posted by Demitri Corbin at 12:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio March 28, 2010 Ojai Center for the Arts---2010 Photo Show Call for Artists! Eat! A Photography Exhibit at the Ojai Center for the Arts EAT is the theme of this year’s photograph exhibition at the Ojai Center for the Arts. The seventh annual juried show celebrating food and eating encourages any photographic style including photojournalism, agrarian landscapes, food stills, photomontages, etc. The show opens June 5 and runs through July 7, 2010. Last year more than 40 works by nearly as many photographers were displayed at the Art Center. This year we expect that more artists will compete to have one or more of their works in the show. Photographers are invited to submit their work on June 3 or June 4. Detailed submission information can be found on the Photography Branch page of the Art Center website. Gallery hours are Tuesday through Sunday from 12 to 4 pm. Admission is free. There will be a reception Sunday, June 6 from 1 to 3:30 pm. Refreshments will be served. The Art Center is located in downtown Ojai at 113 South Montgomery Street. Posted by Fred Rothenberg at 08:55 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Meet Betty Eiler, Sunday morning yoga inspiration Meet Betty Eiler . If you need a good dose of motivation to roll out your yoga mat this morning, take a moment to view Betty's joyful yoga practice on her site: http://www.bettyeileryoga.com I first met Betty at a yoga conference about twenty years. At the time, I was on an arduous journey trying to tie up a yoga book. I had gone through three agents and my brave manuscript had met with untold rejections.When I found out that Betty started yoga later in life, (at around age fifty) I had this idea that she would make a great cover girl. Continue reading "Meet Betty Eiler, Sunday morning yoga inspiration"  Posted by Suza Francina at 08:07 AM | Permalink  | Comments (13) | author bio March 27, 2010 Corpus Christi I thought I 'd share this article I read this morning. Corpus Christi opened last night with rave reviews. There are two performances left. Posted by Demitri Corbin at 11:12 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio March 26, 2010 Reminder to see, "The Power of Community: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil," Saturday, March 27th Film Showing -- Power of Community: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil Opening remarks by Das Williams Click here for film poster: POC_Poster.pdf On Saturday afternoon, March 27th, at 4:30pm at the Ojai Theatre, the Ojai Valley Green Coalition will make a special presentation of the documentary film, The Power of Community: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil . The film focuses on the oil supply crisis that the collapse of the Soviet Union brought upon Cuba. This Cuban experience of the 1990s offers lessons to help prepare other nations with petroleum-based economies—such as our own—for a future in which oil will become more more expensive and could eventually be unavailable. Speaking prior to the film screening will be Santa Barbara City Councilmember Das Williams , who grew up in Ojai. He is a candidate for the California State Assembly and a community organizer for the Ventura-based nonprofit CAUSE, Coastal Alliance United for a Sustainable Economy Continue reading "Reminder to see, "The Power of Community: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil," Saturday, March 27th"  Posted by Suza Francina at 04:14 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio March 24, 2010 Ojai’s 33rd Art in the Park A little something from the Ojai Art Center aimed at our fine city's visitors... The time is now to think art. If you are a fine artist or appreciate the arts make your plans now to visit Ojai, one of California’s best art towns. Memorial Day is the traditional opening weekend of our southern California’s summer, and that weekend, May 29-30th, offers one of Ojai’s main events, the 33rd annual “Art in the Park.” Continue reading "Ojai’s 33rd Art in the Park"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 06:08 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio " Always remember to preheat your pan before using." The first thing I noticed when I stumbled bleary-eyed into the kitchen early this morning was that the little red "on" light was glowing on the electric stove. The knob was turned to medium high. It was still dark out. I was the only one up. How could this be? I had spent the evening at the home of my old friend Roy, helping him with a writing project. I was still wide awake when he went to sleep so I decided to wash the dinner dishes. Continue reading "" Always remember to preheat your pan before using.""  Posted by Suza Francina at 09:39 AM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio March 23, 2010 OVM: Awesome Art Recap from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... The opening of the 9th annual "Awesome Art" show last Thursday at the Ojai Valley Museum was not so much an exhibit as it was an explosion of creativity and talent. Young artists from six local high schools created 407 outstanding works for the exhibit. Continue reading "OVM: Awesome Art Recap"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:45 PM | Permalink  | Comments (11) | author bio Ah, the theatre, the theatre! There are two theatre events this weekend that I'd like to recommend. Two gay-themed plays being performed this weekend and I urge you to see them both. The first to tell you of is Corpus Christi by Terrence McNally. In the 1990's there were three notable plays by gay authors. I had the good fortune of being in two of them. Jeffrey by Paul Rudnick and Angels in America by Tony Kushner. Jeffrey, an Off-Broadway sex romp and Angels, an 8-hour gay fantasia on national themes, both had long runs and critical acclaim. Terrence McNally didn't fair as well. He got death threats for the 1998 production of Corpus Christi. More notable for the furor from the religious right than for it's artistic success, it opened to less than glowing reviews. It has been revived over the years in various productions with better success than the original and comes to Ojai this weekend courtesy of Ojai's own John Grant and 108 Productions. The troupe is on the last legs of a tour that began in 2008 and will end this Spring in San Francisco. They're traveling with a documentary film crew, so it will be nice to have Ojai included in the mix. Speaking of Jeffrey, that is my connection to the actor in Theater 150's Solo Series presentation of Bent to the Flame. I met the playwright and actor Doug Tompos on Jeffrey. He was assigned to teach me the roles I would be taking over. Years later we worked catering in Los Angeles and I've not seen him for sometime until last Saturday's matinée. Bent to the Flame tells us the story of a young Tennessee Williams, fresh on the heels of his success with A Glass Menagerie, as he is prepares to address an audience gathered to hear a lecture on the work of a controversial gay poet. Doug gave a wonderful performance. The only complaint I have about the production is that there were only 4 people in the audience!! Let's hope that Ojai will come out and support the visiting artists this coming weekend. Corpus Christi is being presented at the Zalk Theatre of the Besant Hill School in Upper Ojai on March 26, 27, and 28. Show times are 7:30pm. Tickets are $25.00 @108productions.org or call 640-1210 or visit the Ojai Theatre Box Office at 146 E. Ojai Ave. Bent to the Flame is playing in repertory with The Common Air, Friday March 26 and Saturday, March 27 at 7:30pm and Sunday March 28 at 2pm. Tickets are $25.00 Friday and Saturday, $15.00 on Sunday Theater 150 is located at 316 E. Matilija Street. Visit theater150.org or call (805)-640-4300 Posted by Demitri Corbin at 12:16 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 21, 2010 Radio Ojai: Lola Haag Jazz Trio Radio Ojai has a free download of Ojai local Lola Haag performing "Poor Butterfly" , and here's a note about her trio's upcoming show... Ojai's own Lola Haag will perform at the Historic Pierpont Inn in Ventura on Saturday, April 24th, 2010. Lola will be singing a variety of jazz standards including selections from both of her CDs "The Sarah Vaughan Songbook" and "Good Morning Heartache." The cover charge is only $10.00, and... drum roll please... the Pierpont will be offering the "Lola Birthday Special" of 2 martinis for the price of 1. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:10 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Corpus Christi at the Zalk Theatre from reader JG on behalf of the coming production of Corpus Christi at the Zalk Theatre of the Besant Hill School in Upper Ojai... Terrence McNally's acclaimed and notorious play, Corpus Christi, is being presented at the Zalk Theatre of the Besant Hill School in Upper Ojai on March 26, 27, and 28. When the play was first performed at the Manhattan Theatre Club in 1998 the playwright was subjected to death threats and the theatre received bomb threats. Continue reading "Corpus Christi at the Zalk Theatre"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:25 PM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio March 17, 2010 Leonard Klaif: Your Voice on the Council. Now that the campaign for the vacant city council seat left by Joe DeVito is officially underway, I feel it's time to announce the launch of Leonard Klaif’s website: Klaif4ojai.com Here you can not only peruse his political views but you can get to know Len as a human being and meet his whole family! Posted by Suza Francina at 10:16 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio March 11, 2010 Made in Ojai Artisans Fair on Sunday; “Wishing Well” to Support Global Village School Global Village School is the featured recipient of an activity at Made in Ojai Artisans and Mercantile for the month of March. This artisan cooperative consists of 36 local artists who take turns staffing the store, which carries their work. They also sell food products, personal care items, books, music, etc. Throughout March, Made in Ojai is sponsoring a Wishing Well to collect donations for Global Village School. This Sunday, March 14, from 10 to 2, they are having an artisans fair to highlight the Wishing Well. The fair will spotlight an amazing diversity of work in all kinds of media created by Ojai artists. Continue reading "Made in Ojai Artisans Fair on Sunday; “Wishing Well” to Support Global Village School"  Posted by Sally Carless at 03:30 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio March 08, 2010 OVGC Film: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil On Saturday afternoon, March 27, at 4:30 p.m. at the Ojai Theatre, the Ojai Valley Green Coalition will make a special presentation of the documentary film The Power of Community: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil . Continue reading "OVGC Film: How Cuba Survived Peak Oil"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:02 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio March 03, 2010 Overnight Music Thread: OK Go treadmill guys outdo themselves: Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:12 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio February 22, 2010 OV Museum: Awesome Art from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... 2010 marks the 9th consecutive year that the annual student art exhibit, “AWESOME ART” is mounted in the changing gallery at the Ojai Valley Museum, Ojai, California. The exhibition runs March 4 through April 11, 2010 and showcases upper level student artwork from Nordhoff High, Thacher, Besant Hill, Ojai Valley, Villanova, and Oak Grove schools. Continue reading "OV Museum: Awesome Art"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:42 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio February 18, 2010 Contribute to the "Our Libbey Bowl" Exhibit from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... HISTORIC LIBBEY BOWL EXHIBIT LOOKING TO PUBLIC FOR DISPLAY ITEMS: You can contribute to the "Our Libbey Bowl” exhibit at the Ojai Valley Museum set for April 29 through July 11. Your photos, programs, items and memorabilia from events held at Libbey Bowl will help present a complete and rich picture of the history and use of Libbey Bowl. The exhibit will also include the new plans for the Bowl. Continue reading "Contribute to the "Our Libbey Bowl" Exhibit"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:01 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio February 16, 2010 Freedom: A Haiku Today is Day 18 of the 64-Day Season for Nonviolence that spans the death dates of Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King, Jr. One source lists the following as today's Quotation, Affirmation, and Practice, and i thought the OP community might enjoy participating!: FREEDOM: Quotation: "Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will, and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change." -Stephen Covey Affirmation: Freedom means that we have the independent will to act and respond creatively, that we have the self-awareness to self-reflect and to change as dictated by the compass of conscience. Moment by moment today, I become conscious of my freedom. Practice: Claim your definition of freedom. Write a haiku poem about freedom. These affirmations are updated EVERY DAY at ojaipeace.org . Posted by evan austin at 07:49 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio February 13, 2010 Ojai memorializes Elliot, the bear that touched its heart A sensitively written story in the LA Times, by Steve Chawkins. http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-ojaibear13-2010feb13,0,2128142.story Story of the Bear Sculpture http://www.ojaipost.com/2009/10/aliso_street_bear_sculpture.shtml Continue reading "Ojai memorializes Elliot, the bear that touched its heart"  Posted by Suza Francina at 06:56 PM | Permalink  | Comments (11) | author bio February 11, 2010 Bear Art Dedication – Friday, Feb. 12, 4 pm, Fountain Plaza An Invitation from Marcia Benkert Although the notice is short, I’m excited to share the news, and invite you to an important Public Art Dedication, in Ojai, California, Friday, February 12, 2010, at 4:00 p.m., 328 E. Ojai Avenue (fountain plaza behind Bonnie Lu’s). This majestic, steel sculpture of a Black Bear represents a memorial to our respected wildlife, and a reminder to ourselves, of the painful lessons that we, as a community, have needed to learn in order to effect a change in the way we respond to innocent animals wandering into our neighborhoods. Continue reading "Bear Art Dedication – Friday, Feb. 12, 4 pm, Fountain Plaza"  Posted by Suza Francina at 08:28 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio February 10, 2010 Music Habits It's never a bad time to talk about music. Here's a group of songs (song, artist, release) that I've put together as a playlist for myself. The Road, Nick Cave  Warren Ellis, The Road Original Film Score Flume, Peter Gabriel, Scratch My Back Summer Fog, The Album Leaf, A Chorus of Storytellers Broken Horse, Freelance Whales, Weathervanes All the Way, David Ahlen, All the Way the Savior Leads Me The Department of Dead Letters, David Sylvian, Manafon VCR, The xx, xx Plastic People, Four Tet, There is Love in You Joy Maker Machinery, Sweet Billy Pilgrim, Twice Born Men Wooden Arms, Patrik Watson, Wooden Arms Harm, Loney Dear, Dear John Bellwether, Joe Henry, Blood From Stars Canvas, Imogen Heap, Ellipse Mean to Me, Nellie McKay, Normal As Blueberry Pie You could probably find most of this on myspace , last.fm , or MOG but I may also put together a recording to share. Look in the comments in the future. For the record, Joe Henry, Four Tet, The Album Leaf, and Peter Gabriel are all playing in Los Angeles in the near future. What are you listening to? Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 10:55 AM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio February 08, 2010 Great Stuff from the Green Coalition Ojai Creek Riparian Habitat Restoration Project Phase 2 Saturday, February 20 and 27 - 9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Rain or shine, Libbey Park Gazebo Join the Watershed Committee in a native planting and non-native plant removal project, to reestablish a functioning wetland and riparian ecosystem that supports a diversity of fish and wildlife species and to improve the flow of water. How: wear sturdy shoes, long-sleeved shirts, and pants, and bring gloves. Tools will be provided, but if you can bring your own shovel and/or trowel, that would help. Call 805-669-8445 for more info. Our Seeds: come to the film, stay for the seed swap Saturday, February 27, 4:30pm, Ojai Theatre Join the Green Coalition at the theatre for a movie on Seeds, generously sponsored by Nutiva. All are welcome, $10 suggested donation. For more info call 805-669-8445. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:34 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio February 03, 2010 Stone Foxes at T150 Posted by Demitri Corbin at 02:04 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 25, 2010 Men of Ojai At Made in Ojai Ojai Calendar Project is celebrating the birthday of Mr. February, Buddy Wilds tonight at Made in Ojai from 6 to 9pm. The party will continue at Movino's where Daniel Ash will spin. Continue reading "Men of Ojai At Made in Ojai"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 11:27 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio January 15, 2010 Celebrate Martin Luther King Jr. this Monday in Ojai! Posted by evan austin at 09:47 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 13, 2010 Go Green Ojai! Museum Update From the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... At their first meeting of the New Year, the docents of the Ojai Valley Museum and their guests were treated to a talk and tour given by Ellen Hall, President of the Ojai Valley Green Coalition. Marian Newman, docent coordinator, gave a brief address and then Hall, a former mayor of Ojai and past director of the Ojai Valley Museum, walked the docents through the newest exhibit, Go Green, Ojai! Continue reading "Go Green Ojai! Museum Update"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:22 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 12, 2010 Ojai City Council Appointment On Agenda Tonight, Tuesday, January 12, 2010 It should be an interesting meeting tonight! This evening our City Council members will be deliberating on applicants for the vacancy created by the resignation of Joe DeVito last month. While appointing a fifth member to the council is a serious matter, I anticipate some humorous small town drama. For those new to city meetings, they are held at Ojai City Hall, 401 S. Ventura Street. Meetings start at 7:30 p.m. This Item, "Appointment to City Council to Fill Unexpired Term," is number four on the agenda, so it might be after 8 p.m. before it comes up. I recommend arriving on time, if you can, so that you get your bearings, especially if you plan to speak at the podium for the candidate of your choice. Delicious Pepperidge Farm cookies, coffee, assorted herbal teas and spring water are available in the city hall kitchen to add to the small-town friendliness of the meeting and to help keep you awake when things get bogged down. I have also been known to take home a handful of chocolate lady fingers to ease the pain of disappointment at the outcome -- or to celebrate small victories -- as the case may be. WARNING: The coffee at city hall is real. This is not your low-caffeine-organic type brand. I drank it once and immediately felt a terrific jolt to my nervous system -- got the shakes and was up all night. Back to the matter at hand: As of this morning, five brave souls have applied for the position. In alphabetical order, the five candidates are: Paul Blatz, Demitri Corbin, Leonard Klaif, Mike Lenehan and John Mirk. Continue reading "Ojai City Council Appointment On Agenda Tonight, Tuesday, January 12, 2010"  Posted by Suza Francina at 06:42 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio January 10, 2010 Young at Heart “Want to go to Theater 150 to hear the old folks sing?” Bert, in her usual efficient way had spotted the publicity, ably developed by our neighbor Shed Behar. ”We better hurry because it will probably sell out.” I mumbled something only heard by my inner self. Our neighbor, Joan Rush, four other women and two men…all grandparents…were exposing themselves to the community in a way that most of us only dream of. Get up in front of friends and relatives. Stare into bright lights. Hope that you don’t forget the words, miss a high note or have a heart attack. Risk some polite applause. Go home to a stiff drink. Then do it three more times. Continue reading "Young at Heart"  Posted by Fred Rothenberg at 08:38 AM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio Welcome to Transition Ojai! Learn All About Transition Towns Here. Transition Ojai is now live! The Transition Town movement represents one of the most promising ways of engaging people and communities to take the far-reaching actions that are required to mitigate the effects of peak oil, climate change and the economic crisis. Here in Ojai I see the Transition Town model as a way to bring together and empower many different community projects, organizations and endeavors that are part of creating a sustainable community. The first in a series of informative Transition Town meetings will be held on Tuesday, January 12, 7pm, at 1215 Drown Avenue, Ojai (above Grand, last house on left before intersection with Pleasant Ave). For more information contact Wayne Thompson at 805 798 2152 or e-mail transitionojai@gmail.com How Do Transition Towns Begin? Continue reading "Welcome to Transition Ojai! Learn All About Transition Towns Here."  Posted by Suza Francina at 06:54 AM | Permalink  | Comments (8) | author bio January 05, 2010 OV Museum: Children's Event From the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum: “An Introduction to the Museum,” the fifth children’s event in the series “Take Me to the Museum,” will be held on Saturday, January 9, at the Ojai Valley Museum, 130 W. Ojai Avenue. Two sessions will be available from 10 am to noon and from 1 pm to 3 pm. Continue reading "OV Museum: Children's Event"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:55 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio January 02, 2010 Inspiration for 2010: "I Am Potential" The caption that came with the video below said, "Love is the answer to overcome anything." After watching it, I would add, "Having good parents helps alot!" This video is a peek into the life of Patrick Henry Hughes, who was born with an extremely rare genetic disorder: arms that could not straighten, legs that would never be able to walk, and most devastating of all, permanent blindness. He had been born with no eyes -- the eyes he has are artificial. It shows him as a baby, and later as a toddler, playing the piano. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xwCG0Ey2Mg About Patrick Henry Hughes, author of I Am Potential . www.patrickhenryhughes.com Continue reading "Inspiration for 2010: "I Am Potential""  Posted by Suza Francina at 06:19 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio January 01, 2010 Early Morning in Ojai at the Dawn of the New Year I head out in the dark to catch the magic moment -- the crack of dawn My dog runs ahead her exuberance, her ecstasy is contagious I look West and the full moon is hanging high in the sky by an etheric thread Continue reading "Early Morning in Ojai at the Dawn of the New Year "  Posted by Suza Francina at 10:52 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio December 30, 2009 Overnight Music Thread: Death Cab for Cutie I'm like a decade late to the party, but these guys are totally great. Death Cab for Cutie - "I Will Possess Your Heart" Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:55 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio Krotona in the Ojai Valley From the fine folk at the OV Museum... Join historian and author Joseph Ross for a presentation and booksigning at the Ojai Valley Museum, Sunday, Jan. 10 from 1 to 3 pm. Ross’s latest book, Krotona in the Ojai Valley , is a portrait of the prominent theosophists that colored the economic, cultural and spiritual life of the unique Ojai community in the 1920's. Continue reading "Krotona in the Ojai Valley"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio December 24, 2009 It's Christmas Eve! How would you like some free, locally-produced Christmas music to decorate/eat/wrap/unwrap by? Ojai Radio is currently featuring local artist, Todd McHatton's Christmas Songs. Click here for a listen ! And to download the whole 5 song EP for FREE click here ! If you like indie rock, Harry Nilsson, or Christmas.... give it a listen. Posted by evan austin at 12:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio December 14, 2009 Ojai Museum Docent Program from the fine folk at the OV Museum... What was the original name of the Ojai Playhouse in 1914 when it first opened? How were prisoners in the Ojai jail kept in line without a guard ever being posted? Where can you find the largest collection of fountains in the valley? If questions like this intrigue you and you enjoy history, you may be interested in working with the Ojai Valley Museum docents, a group of volunteers that are the glue holding the daily museum operations together. Continue reading "Ojai Museum Docent Program "  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:32 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio December 12, 2009 Oui Wii I am a latecomer to the world of Wii, my appetite for video games dying with Atari's passing many years ago. For some reason, if the game's champions and villains aren't primitive low-res insects, monsters, or spaceships, they have no appeal to me. So I was more than a little surprised when a box of Wii showed up at our door several weeks ago. Apparently, a neighbor had hooked my wife on Wii Fit. I set it up and she started Wii-ing like a teenager. It wasn't long before she convinced me to give it a try. Continue reading "Oui Wii"  Posted by Todd Miller at 09:32 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Go Green Ojai Reception Tomorrow I'll be in DC, where I'll be lucky if it hits the low '40s. Hope y'all in Ojai come out to support this fun reception... the museum exhibit is quite stunning and a testament to the hundreds of man-hours and woman-hours that have been put in. Go Green Ojai Reception - Sunday Dec. 13, 4pm The Green Coalition is putting together a great museum exhibit that will run from December 10 through February 14, 2010. Kick things off by attending the Reception , featuring Casa Barranca organic wine and music by the Foothill String Quartet. The admission cost for the reception will be $25. Reservations on the Green Coalition website or paid at the door. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio December 10, 2009 Coming to Ojai: A Joyous Holiday Concert with Tingstad and Rumbel at Meditation Mount Debut Performance in Ventura County Saturday, December 12th at 7:30 pm A holiday concert, Comfort and Joy, with Grammy Award-winning musicians, Tingstad and Rumbel, will take place at Meditation Mount on Saturday, December 12th at 7:30 pm. Tickets are available online at www.meditation.com ; $20 in advance and $25 at the door. Meditation Mount is located at 10340 Reeves Road, Ojai, CA, 93023. A holiday ‘Food Drive’ is part of the concert. Grammy Award winners Eric Tingstad and Nancy Rumbel have performed, recorded and toured together for nearly 25 years with 19 albums to their credit. In 1998, their album, “American Acoustic,” was honored as Acoustic Instrumental Album of the Year, which led to a Carnegie Hall appearance in 2000. In 2003 they received a Grammy Award for their album, “Acoustic Garden.” Continue reading "Coming to Ojai: A Joyous Holiday Concert with Tingstad and Rumbel at Meditation Mount"  Posted by Suza Francina at 07:32 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio December 07, 2009 MEINERS OAKS HOLIDAY STROLL From the fine folks at MOBAA: Sales! Specials! Caroling! Refreshments! Music! Art! Santa Claus! Meiners Oaks Business and Artist Association (MOBAA) invites the community to the Meiners Oaks Holiday Stroll, Saturday, December 12, 2009, 3:00-7:00 p.m. All ages welcome. Free event! Meiners Oaks businesses along El Roblar Dr. will be open and having holiday sales and specials. Some will have in-store raffles and surprises! There will be live music, art displays and refreshments to enjoy as well as Christmas Caroling and entertainment by Hula Hoopers and Fire Dancers! Participating businesses include: Living Aikido, Summer’s Dawn Massage, REMax, Cardinali Brothers Music, David Whipple Jewelry Design, Beehive Beauty Boutique, Euterpe Farms, Farmer and The Cook, Papa Lennon’s, Ortiz Nursey, Ojai Pool Store, Project Ride, Terramor Organic Home, Four Paws Pet Grooming and Healthy Lifestyles Liquid Nutrition. (more after the jump) Continue reading "MEINERS OAKS HOLIDAY STROLL"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 03:31 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio OEF: A Christmas Carol Proceeds from the Friday, Dec. 18 7:30pm, performance of “A Christmas Carol,” put on by the Ojai Performing Arts Theater, will benefit the Ojai Education Foundation , which provides support to Ojai public school programs. Tickets may be purchased online at http://www.ojaief.org or by calling OEF President Mike Caldwell at 646-8430; OEF board member Carol Holly at 646-7101 or at the Attitude Adjustment Shoppe at the “Y” in Ojai. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:30 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival: David Shor Releases Statement About Resignations On Saturday evening, the following email was issued: -----Original Message----- From: OJAI-VENTURA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL To: OJAI-VENTURA FILM FESTIVAL INTERNATIONAL Sent: Sat, Dec 5, 2009 8:07 pm Subject: FILM FESTIVAL RERSIGNATIONS Please be advised that the following officers and directors of the Ojai Film Festival Corporation d/b/a Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival have resigned: David Shor Rinaldo Brutoco James Holland Sheila Cluff Bill Monot Lori Wyatt John Bennet Perry Moments ago, David Shor, former Board Chairman and President of the festival, released the following statement: I am proud of where I was able to take the festival as its board chairman and president, essentially leading it from its demise a few years ago to the position of acclaim it achieved this year. Over the course of the last three years a new strategic plan was developed and executed to expand the festival and attract wider audiences and serve a broader geographic area within Ventura County. As a result the festival expanded into Ventura, formed strategic partnerships with the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa and Brooks Institute, began the Celebrity Golf Classic, changed its name to the Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival, and for the first time attracted very capable and committed directors & officers from outside of Ojai. Additionally, many new donors, sponsors & advertisers signed-on with the festival and enabled the expansion into new venues, expanded special events and screenings, and the festival attracted the best films in its history. A relationship with the British Academy of Film & Television Arts (BAFTA) was formed along with many other special and meaningful relationships. (continued after the jump) Continue reading "Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival: David Shor Releases Statement About Resignations"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 11:18 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Happy, Merry, Joyous, Cheery Chalica! From an online article published today, entitled " Chalica, new weeklong UU holiday, slowly gains adherents - slowly ": Part of the reason that Chalica has the following that it does is that it has a song. Two songs actually. Evan Austin, a member of the UU Church of Ventura, Calif., wrote “The Chalica Song,” several years ago, using the same tune as the “Hanukkah Song” sung by comedian-actor Adam Sandler. Austin’s song, molded in part around names of famous UUs, found its way onto YouTube where it has been viewed more than 1,300 times. [Posted here is the updated, second version] Austin said, “I just liked the idea of Chalica as a fresh new thing.” Could there be a copyright issue in emulating Sandler’s song? “It’s just four guitar chords repeated over and over,” he noted. Continue reading "Happy, Merry, Joyous, Cheery Chalica!"  Posted by evan austin at 07:25 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 30, 2009 'Fallen Angels' join The Men of Ojai This Thursday “Fallen Angels,” by photographer Bobbi Bennett will featured in a gallery show with The Men of Ojai 2010 Calendar collection this Thursday, December 3, 6 to 9pm at Casa Barranca Wine Tasting Room, 208 East Ojai Ave. Bennett has exhibited nationally and is widely collected. Her work joins that of Attasalina Dews in the 2010 Men of Ojai Calendar. The image "Fallen Angels" is in the permanent collection at the Santa Barbara Museum of Art at "50 x72". Two original (20X24) c-prints and digital prints will be available for purchase at the Thursday evening fund raising event. The Men of Ojai portraits will also be auctioned. Admission is $30 and includes one Men of Ojai 2010 Calendar, 2 glasses of Casa Barranca wine and edibles from Azu, Feast Bistro and Osteria Monte Grappa. Ticket stubs are redeemable for10% discounts at the three eateries and 20% discounts at Casa Barranca Wine Tasting Room through the holiday season. Proceeds benefit Ojai Calendar Project, an nonprofit organization dedicated to funding the arts in the Ojai Valley. For tickets and information visit www.menofojai.com or call 805-603-0079. Posted by Demitri Corbin at 09:24 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio November 24, 2009 Interfaith Thanksgiving Service TONIGHT! Interfaith Thanksgiving Service, sponsored by Ventura Interfaith Ministerial Association Tuesday, November 24, 7pm @ Ventura Center for Spiritual Living, 101 South Laurel Street, Ventura | 805-643-1933 office@venturachurch.com Join many friends from many faith traditions for music, worship, fellowship, and gratitude! All proceeds will benefit the Ventura Homeless Prevention Fund. Participating Organizations: An Lac Mission Church of the Foothills Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, 3rd Ward First United Methodist Church Project Understanding The Salvation Army Seventh-Day Adventist Church Temple Beth Torah Unitarian Universalist Church of Ventura Ventura Center for Spiritual Living Ventura Church of Christ VIMA (Ventura Interfaith Ministerial Association ...and more! “Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow...” Melodie Beattie Posted by evan austin at 07:48 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 22, 2009 Save Thanksgiving! Thanksgiving needs our help! Specifically, the " One City " Thanksgiving meal and celebration now in its second year in nearby Ventura. This all-volunteer event is hosted by a collective of faith, business, non-proﬁt and government organizations all working together for a better Ventura, and is "to include representatives from all of Ventura, friendly faces both young and old, rich and poor, tall and short, east and west, here and there" said VSSTF member Jack Broms, M.D. A restaurant that was to cook most of the turkey backed out for reasons unknown, and the event is now scrambling to enlist Volunteer Chefs to prepare a few key dishes! Distributed instructions are as follows: 1. Select a tray(s) to prepare: mashed potatoes, dressing, green beans, or turkey. 2. Purchase food item(s) and large foil baking tray or pick up a tray at no cost from Ventura Missionary Church . Turkeys will also be available at no cost beginning 11/19 at Ventura Missionary. One tray should yield approximately 40 servings. 3. Prepare the dish* at home and place in full size foil baking tray. 4. Cover. Label. Refrigerate. 5. Deliver to rear entrance of the Knights of Columbus Hall at 36 Figueroa , downtown Ventura at 8:45am Thanksgiving morning. *Turkeys are to be pulled and deboned right away, and immediately refrigerated. More information and full event press release follows: Continue reading "Save Thanksgiving!"  Posted by evan austin at 03:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 17, 2009 Museum: An American Dream on the Big Screen from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... On December 5, The Ojai Valley Museum will present an event highlighting the work of internationally known local resident and photo-historian Joseph Sohm. Continue reading "Museum: An American Dream on the Big Screen"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:37 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio November 14, 2009 Latest News from the Ojai Valley Museum From the fine folk at the OV Museum... Uno: Winners were announced Saturday at the Ojai Valley Museum’s Ojai Celebrates Art II. The crowd that came to see the Ojai-themed work was treated to painted and photographed scenes familiar to Ojai residents. Dos: Ojai artists and authors Alice and Richard Matzkin will be the featured speakers at a Sunday Gathering at the Ojai Valley Museum on November 22, from 2 – 4 pm. The Matzkins will give a presentation about their recently published book, The Art of Aging: Celebrating the Authentic Aging Self, followed by a booksigning. Tres: The Ojai Valley Museum’s Board of Trustees is announcing its search for a museum director. “For the last two years, the Board has managed the museum and is now in a position to seek candidates who have the qualifications and skills to promote and develop the potential of the museum” Full stories after the jump... Continue reading "Latest News from the Ojai Valley Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:45 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 08, 2009 On the Red Carpet of the Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival Wow, what a night at the Ojai Valley Inn! I just returned from the film festival's red carpet, where celebrities and filmmakers talked about their screenings. Demitri Corbin was there with camera in tow, so I expect we will see some great footage from him, too. Tomorrow is the last day of the fest, with 46 films being screened from 10:00 a.m to 8:00 p.m. Get out there! Click here to listen to 11 interviews in 20 minutes on Radio Ojai. Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:17 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 07, 2009 Stolen Lives Tonight at 8pm I did a telephone interview with director and producer Anders Anderson who's film Stolen Lives will screen tonight at 8pm at Ojai Art Center theater. His co-producer Andy Steinman will attend this evenings screening but Mr. Anderson is on holiday with his family, so we did a conference call set up by his publicist Matthew Wolf of Rogers & Cowen: Continue reading "Stolen Lives Tonight at 8pm"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 10:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio November 06, 2009 Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival: Ingredients I went to the first screening at the Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival of the documentary film "Ingredients," and bumped into local food activist, Marty Fujita of Food for Thought , who participated in the post-screening panel discussion. Following the two-minute interview with Marty, I offer my brief review of the film. It's an excellent film! Go see the second screeing tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. at Matilija. Listen to the interview here. Posted by Lisa Snider at 06:13 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 05, 2009 Blogging The Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival The opening night party begins tonight, Thursday at 4 p.m. at the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa, 905 Country Club Road. It is to be followed by a 7 p.m. free screening, at the inn’s recreation field, of “The Most Dangerous Man in America: Daniel Ellsberg and the Pentagon Papers.” Afterward, Ellsberg, his wife Patricia, along with filmmakers Judith Ehrlich and Rick Goldsmith, are set to do a question-and-answer session. For more information on the festival go to: http://www.ojaifilmfestival.com The full program can be downloaded by going to the folllowing link: http://www.ojaifilmfestival.com/files/OVIFF09-Program.pdf Over the next four days we will be reporting back at this site on what films viewers recommend... Check back frequently for periodic updates. Posted by Howard Smith at 03:59 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio October 21, 2009 Final Broken Word Reading of the Season Broken Word has been a very successful reading series debuting local writing talent at Ojai's own The Farmer and the Cook in Meiners Oaks. The final reading of this year's series will be held on Thursday, October 29 th at 6PM . Please note the earlier time. In honor of Halloween, the final reading will celebrate poems and stories that touch upon the dark and sometimes frightening aspects of human nature. Come enjoy a chill in the air--and emanating from the page. Listen to original stories and poems from local writers while enjoying The Farmer and the Cook's delicious vegetarian Mexican food, and take advantage of one dollar off organic beer and wine all evening. For more information and directions, please visit the Broken Word website . Posted by Robert Peake at 06:51 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio From Science Daily: Presidential Election Outcome Changed Voters' Testosterone http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/10/091020181257.htm ScienceDaily (Oct. 21, 2009) — Young men who voted for Republican John McCain or Libertarian candidate Robert Barr in the 2008 presidential election suffered an immediate drop in testosterone when the election results were announced, according to a study by researchers at Duke University and the University of Michigan. In contrast, men who voted for the winner, Democrat Barack Obama, had stable testosterone levels immediately after the outcome. Female study participants showed no significant change in their testosterone levels before and after the returns came in. Continue reading "From Science Daily: Presidential Election Outcome Changed Voters' Testosterone"  Posted by Howard Smith at 04:40 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio October 16, 2009 The Men of Ojai 2010 Calendar Gallery Exhibit I am happy to announce that The Men of Ojai 2010 Calendar has completed production. There will be a reception tonight from 7 to 9pm at Firebird Plaza, 960 E. Ojai Ave. to unveil the gallery prints of the calendar images. 12 18X24 photographs will be auctioned and the calendars will be on sale. Those who supported the calendar project with pre-purchases may pick up your calendars this evening. Calendars are $25. tax included. Calendars go on sale tomorrow, Ojai Day at these locations: Made in Ojai, Ojai House, The Oaks, Kindred Spirit, Busy Babes, Ojai Valley Museum and at our booth on Ojai Ave. during the festivities. Continue reading "The Men of Ojai 2010 Calendar Gallery Exhibit "  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 08:46 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio October 15, 2009 The Story of the Bear Sculpture Each morning this week, when I step outside my door to go to to work, I see the silhouette of a bear in the pine tree across the street. From this distance, it looks just like the several-hundred-pound black bear that I first discovered in the same position, on the same branch, last Saturday morning. But it is not him. It is a 70-pound metal sculpture created by my neighbor, Mark Benkert , honoring the memory of the bear. The following video tells the story of how it got there. "Climb the Pine" by Patrice Robbins Posted by Robert Peake at 09:44 PM | Permalink  | Comments (21) | author bio Dishing Ojai: Osteria Monte Grappa An email from Susan Kapadia, former chef and owner of World Flavor Café , revealed that she sold her business to Stefano and Tammi Bernardi, who have served as long-time co-owners of Via Vai and Pane E Vino in Montecito. Stefano and Tammi have made some changes to the layout of the restaurant space to allow for a few more seats and created a fantastic rustic northern Italian menu (Stefano is from the region between Venice and Verona). Bill and I dined at Osteria Monte Grappa last night and were thrilled (ecstatic actually) to have another quality dining option in the Ojai Valley. It’s also refreshing to see experienced restaurateurs at the helm. And, they brought one of their top chefs (Cesar) from Pane E Vino. The menu is reasonably priced with countless offerings, including plenty of vegetarian options. The bambinos also have their own menu. We found the space to be a bit cramped and hot and the sloped floor an odd curiosity (our beverages were definitely tilting precariously in our neighbor’s direction). Continue reading "Dishing Ojai: Osteria Monte Grappa"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:05 AM | Permalink  | Comments (31) | author bio October 13, 2009 Video filmed in Ojai: In Memory of the Bear on Aliso Street Just got home from City Council. Meeting highlights later. Rest assured the Bear will be on a future agenda. Found this video link of the Aliso Bear in the Comment section. Maheekat writes: "Here's some video of the bear for everyone:" Until I watched this video, I only saw the Bear from far-away, hoping that staying away would help. It is so amazing and moving to see this beautiful willd Bear up close! I am in awe. Be sure to watch it! Posted by Suza Francina at 10:55 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio October 10, 2009 Film Festival Announces Lineup PR: Celebrating its 10th Anniversary, the Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival is proud to announce its line-up of more than 60 films to be screened at the upcoming Festival November 5th through 8th in several venues throughout Ojai and at Ventura’s Brooks Institute. For a complete, downloadable schedule of all films and pass and ticket purchase information, visit www.ojai-venturafilmfestival.com . Continue reading "Film Festival Announces Lineup"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:27 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio October 09, 2009 The Last Semester, Ojai's Nordhoff, 1909 - 2009 Memories by Susan Diets, Class of 1967 Last weekend I overcame my adolescent shyness and reunited with my old classmates and teachers at the Nordhoff Centennial Celebration. Those of you who were around when the high school was first established in 1909 will recall that our whole town was once called Nordhoff, and that is how the high school got its name. But in 1916, a group called the anti-Nordhoffians, with the help of the manager of the Foothills Hotel, Mr. Morse, convinced a hopelessly divided town to convert from "Nordhoff" to the new name, "Ojai." Continue reading "The Last Semester, Ojai's Nordhoff, 1909 - 2009"  Posted by Suza Francina at 06:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio October 08, 2009 Sixth Annual Earth Charter Awards Honor Local Activists WHAT: 6th Annual Earth Charter Summit Celebration and Awards Presentations. FREE admission and refreshments. WHEN: Saturday, October 10, 2009, 3:00 p.m. WHERE: Ventura College Guthrie Hall. Event co-sponsor: Ventura College International Studies Program. Directions to Ventura College and campus map . BACKGROUND: The CPR-endorsed Earth Charter is a UN-commissioned declaration of principles for building a just, sustainable, and peaceful global society for the 21st century. CPR, in conjunction with VC's International Studies Program, coordinates Ventura County's annual Earth Charter Summit and presents Earth Charter Awards to those community activists who best embody the Earth Charter's core values. Please join us in celebrating the Earth Charter and honoring the 8 local heroes and sheroes selected as this year's Ventura County ambassadors of Earth Charter Principles: Continue reading "Sixth Annual Earth Charter Awards Honor Local Activists"  Posted by evan austin at 10:35 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Klezmer Band In Concert, October 17th 7:30 PM on Saturday, Oct 17 530 W. El Roblar, Meiners Oaks, Continue reading "Klezmer Band In Concert, October 17th"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:00 PM | Permalink | author bio October 06, 2009 OV Museum: Seizing The Opportunity from the fine folk at the Museum... video coming soon... Videography is often an important introduction to major exhibitions at museums. Over a period of time, the Ojai Valley Museum had dreamed of making such an introduction available to its visitors for its exhibits. With an extremely limited budget, this boutique museum could not easily afford to employ professionals to do this very special creative endeavor for the museum. Continue reading "OV Museum: Seizing The Opportunity"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:07 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio September 29, 2009 Save Libbey Bowl Campaign Kick-off Plans for a community-wide fund-raising effort to build a new Libbey Bowl will be announced by Ojai community leaders at a 10 a.m. press conference Wednesday, Oct. 14 at the old Bowl in Libbey Park in downtown Ojai. Continue reading "Save Libbey Bowl Campaign Kick-off "  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:59 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio September 23, 2009 Ojai Forum on the New Economy Starts Friday! The vision for the forum is to create an annual international gathering on the New Economy in Ojai. Imagining into the new economy is focused on creating a sustainable future for ourselves and generations to come. We are not trying to fix the old but rather exploring new models and approaches, such as complementary currencies, mutual credit system, new investment tools, governance, and communications that builds healthy communities. http://www.ojaiforum.com/ Friday, September 25th 5pm – Ojai Theater Program: What is the global perspective on the new economy? Solutions from a whole systems approach lead directly to a local living economy. Hazel Henderson: Ethical Markets (live via video feed) Stuart Valentine, Iowa Progressive Asset Management Rinaldo Brutoco, World Business Academy Hazel is the author of Ethical Markets: Growing the Green Economy (2006). A consultant on sustainable development in over 30 countries and a syndicated columnist. She is an advocate for socially responsible business and investment. As founder of Ethical Markets Media she also produces a public television series. Continue reading "Ojai Forum on the New Economy Starts Friday!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:20 PM | Permalink | author bio JD's at MWB... Always awesome Jane Doe's at the Movino Wine Bar tonight, as part of Brad Buley's Futur Wednesdays... Here's a taste: Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:53 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio September 20, 2009 Ojai Forum on the New Economy: Updated Schedule of Events The vision for the forum is to create an annual international gathering on the New Economy in Ojai. Imagining into the new economy is focused on creating a sustainable future for ourselves and generations to come. We are not trying to fix the old but rather exploring new models and approaches, such as complementary currencies, mutual credit system, new investment tools, governance, and communications that builds healthy communities. You are invited to participate in a deep exploration into the design of an action-based road map leading to new models for a vibrant economy in Ojai and beyond. The confluence of various tipping points in global, national and local economies have come together to provide an extraordinary opening for innovation and positive social change. http://www.ojaiforum.com/ Schedule: Continue reading "Ojai Forum on the New Economy: Updated Schedule of Events"  Posted by Howard Smith at 01:12 PM | Permalink | author bio Fundraiser for Acupuncturist Kathleen MacGregor AN AFTERNOON OF LAUGHTER & MUSIC The Friends of Shabad Kathleen MacGregor are proud to host an eclectic Sunday afternoon of comedy and music on September 27, 2009 from 3:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. at the Ojai Community Church, 907 El Centro Street, Ojai, CA 93023. Proceeds from the event will help defray living expenses while Kathleen undergoes cancer treatment and stem cell transplantation. The event will feature local Ojai legends The Household Gods, the comedic Ventura Improv Company, musical favorites Don & Patricia Cardinali & Friends, jazz by the international Toni Jannotta Trio, 13-year-old L.A. comic Steven (Steve-O) Ford, refreshments and a silent auction. Ojai’s own Buddy Wilds will host the event as Master of Ceremonies. Tickets are $25 for adults, and $15 for seniors (65 and over) and youth ages 13-17. Children 12 and under will be admitted free. Tickets can be purchased in Ojai at Cardinali Brothers Music (139 W. El Roblar Drive, 805/646-2098‎); Ojai Creates (606 E. Ojai Avenue, 805/640-6558); and Ojai Coffee Roasting Company (337 E. Ojai Avenue, 805/646-4478‎). Tickets will also be available at the door. For further information contact Patricia Cardinali at Cardinali Brothers Music at (805) 646-2098. Listen to Kathleen's poignant interview on Radio Ojai. Continue reading "Fundraiser for Acupuncturist Kathleen MacGregor"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 11:39 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio September 19, 2009 Living Peace in Ojai Photos - Set 2 Continue reading "Living Peace in Ojai Photos - Set 2"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:09 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Living Peace in Ojai Photos - Set 1 Continue reading "Living Peace in Ojai Photos - Set 1"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:56 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio September 17, 2009 Ojai Forum on the New Economy: Schedule of Events You are invited to participate in a deep exploration into the design of an action-based road map leading to new models for a vibrant economy in Ojai and beyond. The confluence of various tipping points in global, national and local economies have come together to provide an extraordinary opening for innovation and positive social change. The vision for the forum is to create an annual international gathering on the New Economy in Ojai. Imagining into the new economy is focused on creating a sustainable future for ourselves and generations to come. We are not trying to fix the old but rather exploring new models and approaches, such as complementary currencies, mutual credit system, new investment tools, governance, and communications that builds healthy communities. http://www.ojaiforum.com/ Schedule: Continue reading "Ojai Forum on the New Economy: Schedule of Events"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:39 PM | Permalink | author bio September 14, 2009 Patrick Swayze dies at 57 This was not surprising, but sad - pancreatic cancer is a painful disease I've witnessed firsthand. Rest in peace. Patrick Swayze, the hunky actor who danced his way into viewers' hearts with "Dirty Dancing" and then broke them with "Ghost," died Monday after a battle with pancreatic cancer. He was 57. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:44 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio September 12, 2009 Ojai Forum on the New Economy - Register Now! http://www.ojaiforum.com/ You are invited to participate in a deep exploration into the design of an action-based road map leading to new models for a vibrant economy in Ojai and beyond. The confluence of various tipping points in global, national and local economies have come together to provide an extraordinary opening for innovation and positive social change. The vision for the forum is to create an annual international gathering on the New Economy in Ojai. Imagining into the new economy is focused on creating a sustainable future for ourselves and generations to come. We are not trying to fix the old but rather exploring new models and approaches, such as complementary currencies, mutual credit system, new investment tools, governance, and communications that builds healthy communities. http://www.ojaiforum.com/ Presenters: Joshua Addison - Bell Arts Factory Ojai Community Bank Rinaldo Brutoco - World Business Academy Roger Collis - Ojai Economy Group, Meditation Mount Susan Davis - Capital Missions Company Dulanie Ellis - Ojai Valley Green Coalition Tim Gallagher - Gallagher 20/20, previously Ventura County Star Tim Hall - Eco Ranchos David Hedman, ThermaPure Hazel Henderson - Futurist, Ethical Markets Michael Lind - REC Solar Michael Lindfield - Meditation Mount Ted Moore - ICEL Zhena Muzyka - Zhena’s Gypsy Tea Stephen Nellis - Pacific Coast Business Times Bill O’Brien - Hawkes and Associates Lena Robinson - San Francisco Federal Reserve Mary Anne Rooney, Global Entrepreneur Training in Trade Carrie Rosenbloom - eMommy Dave Smith - Ventura County United Way Howard Smith - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Bruce Stenslie - Economic Development Collaborative - Ventura County Ava Stern - Rainbow Vision, Santa Fe Tyler Suchman - Ojai Economy Group, The Ojai Post Julie Tumamait - Chumash Elder Stuart Valentine - Iowa Progressive Asset Management Thayne Whipple - Ojai Economy Group Jodi Womack - The Womack Company, No More Nylons Ken Wright - Showerminder http://www.ojaiforum.com/ Continue reading "Ojai Forum on the New Economy - Register Now!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 11:15 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio Ojai Big Chili Cookoff! Continue reading "Ojai Big Chili Cookoff!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 09:24 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Morning Meditation Under the Great Oak It's no use trying to save the world When I myself am drowning I sit now under the Great Oak A tree so strong, so majestic So silent, so serene Continue reading "Morning Meditation Under the Great Oak"  Posted by Suza Francina at 08:20 AM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio September 11, 2009 Peace Film Series: PROMISES PROMISES explores the nature of boundaries and tells the story of a few children who dared to cross the lines to meet their neighbors. Rather than focusing on political events, the seven children featured in PROMISES offer a refreshing, human and sometimes humorous portrait of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict. Living Peace in Ojai 's 2009 film series presents PROMISES at the Ojai Playhouse on Saturday September 12, 2009 at 4:30pm, by donation. Please join us. Posted by evan austin at 12:06 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio September 08, 2009 Mark Whitwell at Sacred Space Studio Thursday,Sept.10,8:30am-12:30pm Continue reading "Mark Whitwell at Sacred Space Studio Thursday,Sept.10,8:30am-12:30pm"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:52 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Stop the "Gravel" Trucks: Live Video of Gravel Trucks Racing Down Maricopa Highway Check this out thrill ride.... Filmed from a motorcycle going up Maricopa Highway, Route 33, from just before the Double Tunnels to just past the Rose Valley turn off, you will dodge Gravel Trucks coming out from behind blind curves... During these ten minutes you will pass no less than 5 double hoppers, most of which are clearly and dangerously crossing over the double yellow lines. That's one truck every 2 minutes! The first three appear at about 1:50 (one minute, 50 seconds in). The fourth appears around blind curve at around 8:25. The fifth also crosses over the double yellow line at around 9:50. You can advance the player if you want or just watch the whole thing from the bottom of the mountain to the top. We suggest you turn your volume way down low! Also, you can blow up to a Full Screen view (pretty wild!) by hitting the Google View tab at the bottom right of the Flash Player. Continue reading "Stop the "Gravel" Trucks: Live Video of Gravel Trucks Racing Down Maricopa Highway"  Posted by Howard Smith at 04:14 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Ojai Forum on the New Economy, You are invited to participate in a deep exploration into the design of an action-based road map leading to new models for a vibrant economy in Ojai and beyond. The confluence of various tipping points in global, national and local economies have come together to provide an extraordinary opening for innovation and positive social change. The vision for the forum is to create an annual international gathering on the New Economy in Ojai. Imagining into the new economy is focused on creating a sustainable future for ourselves and generations to come. We are not trying to fix the old but rather exploring new models and approaches, such as complementary currencies, mutual credit system, new investment tools, governance, and communications that builds healthy communities. Presenters: Lena Robinson (San Francisco Federal Reserve), David Brubaker (Ojai Community Bank), Tim Gallagher (Gallagher 20/20, Ventura County Star), Stephen Nellis (Pacific Coast Business Times), Rinaldo Brutoco (World Business Academy), Bruce Stenslie (Economic Development Collaborative), Dave Smith (Ventura County United Way), Stuart Valentine (Iowa Progressive Asset Management), Hazel Henderson via live satellite remote, many more. http://www.ojaiforum.com/ Continue reading "Ojai Forum on the New Economy, "  Posted by Howard Smith at 03:37 PM | Permalink | author bio September 07, 2009 Ojai Studio Artists 2009 Tour - Save The Date Mark Your Calendar! 2009 Studio Tour October 10th & 11th, 2009 10AM to 5PM www.ojaistudioartists.org Dear Members, Collectors and Art Enthusiasts, The Ojai Studio Artists Tour, held since 1984, is an October pilgrimage that brings art lovers and collectors to over fifty artists' studios to see new creations, view works in progress, and enjoy a weekend steeped in fine art conversation. OSA invites you for a behind-the-scenes art tour of Ojai, to visit with our artists in their creative environment and attend our Saturday night reception. Sincerely, Ojai Studio Artists a non-profit organization www.ojaistudioartists.org Continue reading "Ojai Studio Artists 2009 Tour - Save The Date"  Posted by Howard Smith at 11:56 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio September 04, 2009 Ojai Big Chili Cookoff! Continue reading "Ojai Big Chili Cookoff!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 03:10 PM | Permalink | author bio Ojai Economic Forum, September 25th - 27th Continue reading "Ojai Economic Forum, September 25th - 27th"  Posted by Howard Smith at 02:53 PM | Permalink | author bio September 03, 2009 "War Child" at Ojai Playhouse The Living Peace in Ojai Peace Film Series presents " War Child " at 4:30 pm on Saturday September 5th at the Ojai Playhouse/Theatre, admission is by donation. "Left home at the age of seven/one year later I'm carryin' an Ak-47." For hip hop artist Emmanuel Jal, a former child soldier in Sudan's brutal civil war, these lyrics are hardly empty posturing. They are the bitter reality of a young man who was "forced to sin" but determined to "never give up and never give in." Today, wounded but still hopeful, he fights a new battle: bringing peace to his beloved Sudan and building schools in Africa. This time, his weapon is a microphone. See why audiences from New York to Berlin to London rave about the award-winning film, War Child, and have embraced the hip-hop artist with a terrifying past and a gentle soul. Interspersing original interviews, live concerts, and rare footage of Jal as a seven year-old boy, War Child will make viewers cry, laugh, dance, and celebrate the power of hope. Posted by evan austin at 09:46 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Stop the "Gravel" Trucks: Diesel Exhaust Linked To Cancer AN ARTICLE THAT JUST APPEARED IN SCIENCE DAILY CONFIRMS SOME OF OUR GREATEST FEARS. Damage to our air quality is one of the reasons the Coalition has been opposed to gravel trucks traveling through the Ojai Valley on their way from the Cuyama valley to Oxnard and Ventura. Ojai has what is known as a "closed" air shed, which means that pollutants collect here in the valley and remain trapped. Despite appearances that might suggest otherwise, Ojai has some of the worst air quality in the County. Scientists have demonstrated that the link between diesel fume exposure and cancer lies in the ability of diesel exhaust to induce the growth of new blood vessels that serve as a food supply for solid tumors. Continue reading "Stop the "Gravel" Trucks: Diesel Exhaust Linked To Cancer"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:37 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio OV Museum: Ojai Celebrates Art from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... The Ojai Valley Museum’s second annual juried art show, OJAI CELEBRATES ART, is open to artists 18 years of age and older working in any gallery media. Cash awards will be given for first, second, and third place winners in the amounts of $300, $200 and $100. Continue reading "OV Museum: Ojai Celebrates Art"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:06 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio PR: In Concert - Paddy Keenan and Fionn O Lochlainn i receive press releases... sounds like a fun event. In the mid-1970s The Bothy Band forever changed the face of Irish traditional music. One of the band’s founding members, and one of its driving forces, was uilleann piper Paddy Keenan. The virtuosity and ferocity of his playing led to his being described as “the Jimi Hendrix of the pipes”, and his style has continued to mature in the intervening years as he has pursued a solo career. Generally acknowledged as the most accomplished uilleann piper performing today, he is certainly one of the most brilliant musicians of his generation. Continue reading "PR: In Concert - Paddy Keenan and Fionn O Lochlainn"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:59 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio September 02, 2009 The Government Can Posted by Mike Didj at 09:02 PM | Permalink  | Comments (19) | author bio August 30, 2009 Focus On The Masters: Guy Webster Nice article in the VC Star on Ojai resident, legendary photographer and motorcycle museum curator Guy Webster , and his upcoming appearance in the Focus On The Masters program. This is a guy who had Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel in his dad’s living room in the mid-1960s performing “The Sounds of Silence,” operated a toy sailboat with Jagger in his pool and nearly got crushed with David Cassidy during a crowd stampede at a concert. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:17 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio August 26, 2009 OVGC Movie: Are We Running Dry? The Ojai Valley Green Coalition presents: The American Southwest: Are We Running Dry? Saturday August 29, 4:30pm Ojai Theatre $10 suggested donation "This documentary is a definitive look at how the water crisis affects the American Southwest states and its escalating economic toll. From the White House to the House of Representatives, the film's writer, director, and executive producer, Jim Thebaut, interviews key thinkers in an intelligent and informed discussion about the evolving water crisis ." Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:06 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio August 25, 2009 The Ojai Big Band a little PR... The Ojai Big Band under the direction of Dan Willard, will present a free concert on Sunday, September 13 from 3 – 5 p.m., sponsored by the Ojai Presbyterian Church. The Ojai Big Band currently rehearses at the church and plays for dances, weddings and other special events, but “this concert will be more jazz and will allow the band to “stretch out” and play arrangements that they normally do not have a chance to play,” says Dan Willard, director of the band. Continue reading "The Ojai Big Band"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:43 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 24, 2009 What the Meaning of Life? It seems that yoga is very big now-a-days. Even Oprah is asking the big question: "What's the meaning of life?". She recently did a 10 week live, on-line seminar with New Age Guru Eckhart Tolle, discussing "the meaning of life". I thought I'd offer my version in this short music video. (you may notice some Ojai residents singing along) -- love Dvorah Posted by Dvorah Adler at 06:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (14) | author bio 2010 Men Of Ojai Calendar On Sale Now The Ojai Calendar Project presents the 2010 Men of Ojai Calendar. Presale of the calendar has begun. To order your calendar now go to: www.menofojai.com . Your purchase will support the costs of production and contribute to the community spirit of the project. Continue reading "2010 Men Of Ojai Calendar On Sale Now"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 08:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio August 21, 2009 Sergio Sells Out! from the fine folk at Ojai Valley Museum - congrats on a successful event... SOLD OUT! The Ojai Valley Museum announced today that the “Mad About Sergio” reception is sold out. The response has been overwhelming and the museum must consider the comfort of our guests and the physical capacity of the facility. We will not be able to accommodate anyone who comes to the door without a prior official RSVP. Everyone with an official reservation will be admitted. There will be two Sunday Gatherings with the cartoonist during the run of the exhibit. These will also be well attended so make your reservations early. For questions and information please contact the museum at (805) 640-1390 or see: http://www.ojaivalleymuseum.org/ Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio August 19, 2009 Photo of the Day: Aragones+Docents from the fine folk at the OV Museum... "Ojai Valley Museum docents are even more MAD about Sergio after hearing him explain in detail how the retrospective of his work that is now on exhibit at the museum evolved. Bi-monthly educational docent meetings are held at the museum for participants. For information on becoming a docent call 805-640-1390." Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:46 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 16, 2009 MAD About Sergio: Anatomy of an Exhibit From the Ojai Valley Museum - article by Denise Picard, photography by Ashley Conde/Brooks Institute. Enjoy! Anatomy of an Exhibit What occurs behind the scenes building an exhibit? Obviously there is talent, but in addition there is a lot of work and passion. Take for instance the current Ojai Valley Museum exhibit, “MAD About Sergio.” The seed was planted when Bobbie Boschan, Vice President of the Museum Board of Trustees met Sergio Aragonés two years ago at the former location of Artful Living. He was taking knitting lessons so he could knit a scarf for his wife for Valentine’s Day. The following year, when Boschan saw the cover of the program for the Ojai Film Festival, created by Aragonés, the seed sprouted into the idea of an exhibit. Continue reading "MAD About Sergio: Anatomy of an Exhibit"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 12, 2009 Ojai Economic Forum - SAVE THE DATE! FOR MORE INFORMATION GO TO: www.ojaieconomy.com/2009-ojai-forum/ Continue reading "Ojai Economic Forum - SAVE THE DATE!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:22 PM | Permalink | author bio Jane Doe's tonight at Movino hot show, see you there - Brad Buley at 9, Jane Doe's at 10. Following is lonelygirl15 of YouTube fame featuring The Jane Doe's "Junkie". Posted by Tyler Suchman at 04:12 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Ojai Playwrights Conference Aug. 11-16 One of the reasons why I volunteer for the playwright's conference every year is that I get a chance to connect with old friends and colleagues and get reacquainted with a process I know all too well – the play workshop. It is a process that maybe only interesting to theater geeks and professionals but it is fascinating and I get great pleasure in knowing that some of theater's most gifted minds come here to Ojai to workshop their new creations and prepare them for the Great White Way. Some great minds have assembled for the 12th season of the Ojai Playwright's Conference and last night I made a surprise visit on one of those old friends. Continue reading "Ojai Playwrights Conference Aug. 11-16"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 03:29 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 11, 2009 4-H Kids and Their Animals: the Ultimate Betrayal at the Fair Guest Editorial by Marty Fast, a former 4-H leader who lives in Ojai Once again this year, the 4-H animals are on display at the Ventura County Fair. Many of these animals return home once the fair is over, but what happens to the pigs and other market animals? Market pigs begin their life with great pain and suffering. Procedures such as castration, tail docking and ear notching are all done with no painkillers or anesthesia. Continue reading "4-H Kids and Their Animals: the Ultimate Betrayal at the Fair"  Posted by Suza Francina at 10:49 PM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio Jane Doe's at Movino Wed. Night Free Future Wednesday tomorrow night at Movino Wine Bar - 9pm, Brad Buley followed by The Jane Doe's in a special acoustic "red-eyed soul" performance. Andy and Brad are good friends of mine, but I'm not blowing smoke when I tell you Andy is hands-down one of the best vocalists and songwriters you'll ever see. A fun clip of Brad doing his 'hawk: Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:47 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio August 10, 2009 Overnight Thread: Bob, Doug, and Geddy I'm heading to Canada in the morning and was reminded of my old friends Bob & Doug. Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 10:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio August 07, 2009 2009 Ojai Playwrights Conference ...is underway, with public presentations and live theater starting up on August 11th. Check out the OPC website . Read the active OPC blog . Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:44 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 05, 2009 Free "Social Media & The Arts" Seminar I am presenting a free seminar on Social Media & The Arts, underwritten by The Irvine Foundation and the Ventura County Community Foundation. If you are an artist, musician, in an arts organization or a non-profit, you should get a lot out of this specially-designed seminar. Spread the word! Thursday, September 10, 2009 2:00pm - 5:00pm Ventura County Office of Education 5100 Adolfo Road, Camarillo CA 93012 We expect it to fill up fast - the room holds around 100 people, has a big screen and wireless access, so bring down a laptop. REGISTER (FREE) HERE . Continue reading "Free "Social Media & The Arts" Seminar"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:52 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio August 04, 2009 Teaching Yoga in the Ojai Valley Teaching Yoga to the Elders of Ojai View image Ojai, California, 1972. Suza and her first yoga teacher, Sarah Kirton, who is described in Yoga for People Over 50, (1977). The first thing my 90-year old student asked me while she was on the floor stretching her legs was, "Do you have a boyfriend?" "Oh my God," I thought, "It just never ends. Romance will always be more interesting than the rest of life." I like to pry into the lives of my students as much as they like to pry into mine. After forty years of teaching, in every setting and every sort of circumstance, I can safely say that nothing is as it seems. In the course of a typical month I make the rounds all over the valley, from picture-perfect estates in Rancho Matilija, the top of Foothill, Thacher, McAndrew and high up Sulphur Mountain Road in Upper Ojai, to more modest homes in the hills of Krotona, to humble apartments and small family houses on the valley floor, and even old "shacks" that are falling apart and going back to the Earth. Continue reading "Teaching Yoga in the Ojai Valley "  Posted by Suza Francina at 09:26 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio July 31, 2009 Overnight Thread: Is Ojai Ready for Battledecks? Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 10:26 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio More on Ojai Bucks! Posted by Howard Smith at 04:08 PM | Permalink | author bio July 30, 2009 Mad about Sergio PR from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum... “Mad About Sergio,” a premier retrospective exhibit of the work of world famous Mad Magazine cartoonist Sergio Aragonés opens on August 7 at the Ojai Valley Museum, and will run through October 4, 2009. The retrospective will feature original artwork by the artist as well as inform the viewer about the process of cartooning. The opening reception will be August 22 from 5 to 7 pm. Continue reading "Mad about Sergio"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 06:52 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Public Nakedness -- Can Nude Be Lewd? Guest Editorial by John Wilcock, publisher of the Ojai Orange . We were all born naked and how we look when we meet our maker is not especially relevant. And in between, most people like to be covered, especially in public. But not everybody. It’s summer, a time when even the prudish tend to doff their clothes, albeit in the privacy of their homes. It’s when naked bodies become public that the trouble begins. Continue reading "Public Nakedness -- Can Nude Be Lewd? "  Posted by Suza Francina at 12:36 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio July 29, 2009 A Yoga Question: Are backbends good for "osteoporosis backs"? This Yoga in the Ojai Valley post is from Suza's Blog Yoga for Healthy Bones Before I write more about yoga props, walls and chairs, I want to respond to two recent questions . One person wrote: "Suza thanks for sharing.... the back bends shown in your slideshow .. are they good for osteoporosis backs?" Another person wrote: "I have read many posts on here about not doing bending, twisting, etc and don't understand how yoga could be safe. Years ago before having osteo and other issues, I did yoga and I understand how it would not be safe now. Are there yoga classes that are tailored to osteo patients? how do you find them?" Continue reading "A Yoga Question: Are backbends good for "osteoporosis backs"?"  Posted by Suza Francina at 10:13 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio July 25, 2009 Mark Whitwell - 4 Day Yoga Intensive Continue reading "Mark Whitwell - 4 Day Yoga Intensive"  Posted by Howard Smith at 04:08 PM | Permalink | author bio 2009 Ojai Forum on the New Economy - Save The Date http://www.ojaieconomy.com/2009-ojai-forum/ Continue reading "2009 Ojai Forum on the New Economy - Save The Date"  Posted by Howard Smith at 12:08 PM | Permalink | author bio Mad City Chickens - This Afternoon The 79 minute documentary is a sometimes wacky, sometimes serious look at the people who keep urban chickens in their backyards. From chicken experts and authors to a rescued landfill hen or an inexperienced family that decides to take the poultry plunge—and even a mad scientist and giant hen taking to the streets—it’s a humorous and heartfelt trip through the world of backyard chickendom. 4:30PM Today at the Ojai Theater. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:34 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Ojai Big Chili Cook Off http://www.ojaibigchili.com/ http://www.ojaibigchili.com/documents/Cook-Application.pdf Posted by Howard Smith at 11:26 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio July 24, 2009 See you at Astrella Celeste's show I just got a text message from my friend Brad Colton , who is joining Astrella tonight on drums. This guy is an unbelievable percussionist. See you at the free show tonight - its going to be a blast. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Want to Become a Photographer? Dutch and Henry share some Cheerios.... Oak View neighbor, photojournalist, and author David Labelle will be sharing hints from his great little book, I don't Want to Know All That Technical Stuff: I Just Want to Shoot Pictures. 6 to 9 p.m, Saturday Topping Room of the E.P. Foster Library 651 E. Main St., Ventura. David's a great guy, with a 40 year award-wining career in photojournalism and teaching. And he's an Oak View native! If you've got some time tomorrow and you're looking for pointers on what David defines as the TLC of photography: timing, light, and composition, stop by! Posted by Leigh Melander at 02:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Avril Lavigne - Knocking on Heaven's Door Posted by Sally Carless at 10:22 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio July 23, 2009 LA Times: Hamlet "teeming with vitality and intensity" Congrats to the Theater 150 crew on a great review from Philip Brandes in the LA Times . Excerpt: Teeming with vitality and intensity, Kubzansky's in-your-face staging bursts from both ends of the reconfigured 80-seat venue through a central runway flanked by the two audience rows. The solid ensemble performances is heightened by Randall Tico's atmospheric sound design. Theater 150's impressive first foray into full professional status shows there really are more "Hamlets" on heaven and earth than are dreamt of in even the most jaded philosphy. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:52 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival Announces Historic Partnership with Brooks Institute Submitted Press Release: Brooks Institute to Serve as Festival’s First-Ever Ventura Venue; Hosting Screenings, Workshops, Panels and Special Events on Nov. 5 – 8, 2009 OJAI, CALIF. (July 21, 2009) − The Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival , formerly Ojai Film Festival, and Brooks Institute are proud to announce that the Institute will serve as the host for all Festival programming in Ventura as the event marks its 10th anniversary by expanding its footpint into the City of Ventura. Running from November 5 - 8, 2009, this milestone year will render opportunities for a broader regional and national audience to take part in a variety of Festival events at the Brooks Institute campus. Formerly a motion picture studio, the Institute will host many of the Festival’s screenings, the annual filmmaker party and all of the Festival’s workshops and panels. Additionally, Ventura Marriott has signed on as a hotel sponsor. Ojai continues to serve as the Festival’s headquarters with screenings held at various Ojai venues. Continue reading "Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival Announces Historic Partnership with Brooks Institute"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 02:50 PM | Permalink  | Comments (11) | author bio Astrella Celeste, live and free, tomorrow night Come on out tomorrow night, Friday, July 24th at the Ojai Women's Club at 441 E. Ojai Avenue. The evening features a DJ, full bar and special live performance by Astrella Celeste . Doors open at 8 p.m. Entrance is free. The event is sponsored by the Ojai Beverage Company and Thirty-Three Productions. From her bio, "First thrust into the spotlight in early childhood, Astrella released a hit single in Italy at age 8, which impelled the Pope to request a meeting with her. A veteran of acting schools and dance troupes, Astrella also served as co-writer and backup vocalist for her world-renowned father, singer Donovan, and has repeatedly toured with him for the past 15 years." Listen to "Rain" from Astrella's album Blue Star over at Radio Ojai. Check out more photos, music and more at Astrella's MySpace page . Did I mention the show is FREE? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:12 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio July 22, 2009 Otto Heino tribute a nice post on Otto Heino by Janna over at Conejo Post . short excerpt below... I felt like I was a friend of Otto Heino. He was just that kind of person, who, if you met him a few times, you felt like you knew him. He was so greatly talented, but so friendly and natural too. Otto lived and potted in the east end of Ojai, among the towering old oak trees, and near acres of orange orchards. He had a gallery/store called The Pottery, in front of his home and studio, and it was open most afternoons, for anyone interested to wander through, either on the honor system, or with a friend helping out there. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:53 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio July 18, 2009 New Content on Radio Ojai: Jesse Lucas and OBC! There are two new shows on Radio Ojai ! One is with 17-year-old singer/songwriter and Nordhoff High coed Jesse Lucas, who talks about her new demo CD and how she draws from personal experience (and sometimes dabbles in fiction) to create her signature acoustic-pop style. Jesse plays her guitar and sings her newest song "Maybe" at the top of the show. Listen here. And yesterday I stopped in to chat with Joby at the Ojai Beverage Company about Astrella Celeste, playing Friday, 7/24, at the Women's Club, and the OBC's wine tasting event featuring 10 local winemakers pouring their finest on Saturday, 7/25. Listen here. Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:25 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio July 17, 2009 Ojai's Famous Potter Otto Heino Has Passed Away at the age of 94 I used to stop on my daily walks and visit Otto at his home. He was such a friendly, talkative soul during the time I lived in the East End of Ojai. Would be fun to share some Otto memories or stories if anyone has them. Here is the story in the Star. http://www.venturacountystar.com/news/2009/jul/17/otto-heino-ojai-artist-known-for-glaze-dies-at/ “It’s the end of an era, really. Otto was truly one of the last great American craftsmen to live in our community,” said Donna Granata, founder of Focus on the Masters, a nonprofit educational organization that documents the lives and works of area artists. “He had a work ethic unmatched by anyone I know. This was a man who once produced a glaze to match a car,” Granata said of Heino, who was still using a pottery wheel and firing his own kilns into his 90s. “All of his success, literally, he created with his two hands.” New Info** Otto's La Times Obituary http://www.latimes.com/news/obituaries/la-me-otto-heino21-2009jul21,0,1590279.story Posted by DK Crawford at 01:06 PM | Permalink  | Comments (14) | author bio July 13, 2009 Broken Word Reading Series in Ojai Broken Word Happy Hour is a spoken word reading series featuring fiction and poetry writers from around Southern California. I had the pleasure of participating in the second reading in this series back in May, and am looking forward to reading again alongside talented local word-wielders at the fourth Broken Word happening on Thursday, July 23rd at 7PM at Ojai's own Farmer & Cook . Come enjoy a summer evening on the patio, listening to stories and poems while enjoying Farmer & Cook's signature vegetarian snacks as well as organic beer and wine. Previous events have been a great success--and now the secret is out! For more information and directions, visit the newly launched Broken Word website . Posted by Robert Peake at 06:00 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio July 11, 2009 Mad City Chickens! I hear this is a must see... looks really fun and of great relevance to our community. Saturday, July 25th at 4:30pm, Ojai Theater will be the local premiere of the film, "Mad City Chickens," a wacky and wonderful documentary about one Wisconsin city's "chicken underground" fighting city hall to make their poultry passion legal. This is a film you don't want to miss, even if you don't eat eggs or have a hankering for feathered friends. You will laugh out loud and even Sci-Fi and Twilight Zone fans will appreciate the style of the film. One thing's for sure, if you've been on the fence about getting chickens, you'll be convinced to join the growing ranks of home farmers who are committed to a more sustainable food system and to make happy hens a part of your life. After the film we'll be having a chat with Garm Beall, founder of the website backyardchickens.com about how to get started raising chickens with Q at the Village Jester pub next door. This is a fundraiser ($10) for the Food & Agriculture Committee of the Ojai Valley Green Coalition, so that we can plant more vegetable gardens for folks and conduct more culinary events. So please broadcast this to others (Ojai and beyond) who love food and need a good laugh! Keep it fresh, keep it fun! Dulanie Ellis-La Barre Grow Food Party Crew & the Culinary Club Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:50 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio July 10, 2009 New Sunday Morning Iyengar Yoga Class in Ojai "Life is so hard, how can we be anything but kind?" -- Thich Nhat Hanh Yoga is fundamentally an act of kindness to yourself. All ages and levels are welcome in this new Sunday morning Iyengar yoga class. Please arrive early to discuss any health concerns, injuries, etc. Sunday 8--9:20 AM (starts July 12, 2009) Sacred Space Studio, 410 Bryant Circle, Suite A, in Ojai Instructor: Suza Francina , Certified Iyengar Yoga Teacher Class Description: Continue reading "New Sunday Morning Iyengar Yoga Class in Ojai"  Posted by Suza Francina at 10:43 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Ojai Events: Tonight and Soon TONIGHT: Ojai resident Canyon Cody went to Spain in 2008 with a Fulbright grant to research immigrant music and record an Arab flamenco hip-hop album. The pre-release concert is tonight, Friday July 10th at Farmer + the Cook. The show is free! Music will start at 7pm. Before the concert at 6pm, Canyon Cody will give a talk about his Fulbright research project about multi-cultural music in Spain. There will be drinks and delicious organic food. TONIGHT: A Midsummer's Night Jazz featuring Ellen Johnson on vocals, Scott Hiltzik on keyboards, Richard Matzkin on drums and Ryan Rost on bass. No cover show at Il Giardino, 401 E Ojai Ave., 7:00 - 9:30pm, reservations recommended, 805-640-7381. SATURDAY, JULY 18th: a FREE event - Global Economic Dissolution & Evolution: A Creative Dialogue on Emerging Opportunities . Join the World Business Academy , Progressive Asset Management , Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, the Ojai Economy Group and Meditation Mount for a provocative evening of dialogue and inquiry exploring the 'green shoots' of economic recovery and opportunities rising from the ashes of the recent global meltdown. Featuring Howard Smith, Rinaldo Brutoco, Stuart Valentine and Roger Collis. REGISTER HERE . Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:11 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio July 08, 2009 Theater 150 presents Hamlet Hamlet is coming to Theater 150 ! Previews July 16 and 17: 8PM July 18: 8PM -Opening Night Gala Runs July 19-August 8 Thursday-Saturday: 8PM, Sunday 2PM Tickets $15-$29 Gala-$50 Sundays, as always, 2-for-1 And also there is a set of Hamlet trading cards with an incentive for local merchants to participate. Check out both press releases after the jump... Continue reading "Theater 150 presents Hamlet"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:02 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio July 07, 2009 Nominations Are Open Now! The Ojai Peace Coalition is SO proud to have borne our 2008 Noble Peace Prize honorees, Tara Blasco and Lyn Hebenstreit, as dignitaries in last Saturday's Independence Day parade (along with former Marine Sergeant Lyn Weeks, representing Veterans for Peace)! In addition to working to increase public health and decrease poverty in Africa, Lyn and Tara engage in spiritual activism right here in our valley community by leading meditation groups, as well as providing support for mothers and infants. Learn about their work in Africa by visiting the Global Resource Alliance website. Nominations for the 2009 Noble Peace Prize are open now! CLICK HERE to nominate your most valued local s/hero of peace! (Need suggestions to get started? How 'bout this thread on community organizers , from September '08?) Posted by evan austin at 01:43 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio July 06, 2009 Neverland Tribute Photos Neverland photos courtesy of fine Ojai citizen Randy Graham... (and this odd little note - "Matt Tyson, 31, of Ojai, Calif" is quoted in an AP article today on the performers appearing at Staples Center for MJ's memorial...) Continue reading "Neverland Tribute Photos"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (8) | author bio June 29, 2009 Live From OCRC Down here at Ojai Coffee Roasting Co. getting a little work done, and David Harris is set up with a drum machine and an electric guitar playing and singing really tastefully. Very nice. He'll be playing here until about 3:30pm or so - if you get a chance, pop in, grab a tea and enjoy some tunes. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:31 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 28, 2009 OJAI-VENTURA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL ANNOUNCES NEW EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FOR 10th ANNIVERSARY Press Release: Meegan Huff Expected to Expand Existing and Forge New Community Partnerships as Visibility of Regional Festival Rises OJAI, CALIF. (June 25, 2009) – Formerly the Ojai Film Festival, the Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival is proud to announce that Meegan Huff has been named the organization’s new executive director as the Festival approaches its 10th anniversary this fall. The behind-the-scenes leadership change comes on the heels of the Festival’s recent announcement that it is broadening its regional footprint by becoming an event encompassing the cities of Ojai and Ventura. “We are thrilled to have Meegan as a part of our team,” says David Shor, chairman of the Festival. “She brings a strong creative energy to the team—not to mention enormous professional experience in diverse industries that benefit the Festival. We are confident that Meegan will move our vision forward and will take us to the next step in our evolution as we enter our next chapter as a lifestyle-driven destination festival.” Continue reading "OJAI-VENTURA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL ANNOUNCES NEW EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FOR 10th ANNIVERSARY"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:26 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 27, 2009 Deepak Chopra: A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson Some of you may remember when Deepak Chopra came to Ojai a few years ago. First he spoke to a SRO crowd at the Krotona Institute where he eloquently reminded us of the perennial wisdom, the oneness of all life, and not to identify too much with the various roles we play in this world. For one fleeting moment I almost felt enlightened. I "got it" when he said, "Life is not only stranger than you think, it is stranger than you CAN think." After the Krotona event, Deepak gave a talk to an intimate gathering at the Ojai Retreat. I got lucky and was invited to dinner with him and his wife at the Ranch House. The next day he did a booksigning at Local Hero before being whisked away to a series of events in Los Angeles where he spoke before an audience of several thousand. I'm sure Deepak has his flaws like all human beings, but I am impressed by his astute observations on the human condition. I just finished reading his compassionate tribute to Michael Jackson on the Huffington Post, and felt moved to post it here. A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson "Michael Jackson will be remembered, most likely, as a shattered icon, a pop genius who wound up a mutant of fame. That's not who I will remember, however. His mixture of mystery, isolation, indulgence, overwhelming global fame, and personal loneliness was intimately known to me. For twenty years I observed every aspect, and as easy as it was to love Michael -- and to want to protect him -- his sudden death yesterday seemed almost fated. Continue reading "Deepak Chopra: A Tribute to My Friend, Michael Jackson"  Posted by Suza Francina at 03:15 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 24, 2009 10th ANNUAL OJAI-VENTURA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL Press Release: the biggest, little FILM festival you’ve never heard about: 10th ANNUAL OJAI-VENTURA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL NOV. 5 – 8, 2009 Newly-Expanded Film Festival Celebrates 10 Years of ‘Enriching the Human Spirit Through Film’ with a Celebrity Golf Classic, World Premieres, Nonstop Indie and Classic Film Screenings and More WHAT:  The Ojai-Ventura International Film Festival celebrates two milestones this year: its 10th anniversary and joining forces with the City of Ventura to bring its selection of world class feature, short, animated and documentary films to an even broader audience. Known for its welcoming, familial spirit and dedication to showcasing compelling stories from budding and established filmmakers, the Festival is located just 70 miles from Hollywood’s doorstep and has evolved into a top regional destination festival over the past ten years. Screened in locations throughout Ojai and Ventura, including the legendary Ojai Valley Inn & Spa, the Festival’s past films include many that have subsequently received widespread distribution, honors and awards, including Academy Awards. Also, each year the Festival bestows Lifetime Achievement Awards on industry icons and a Limelight Award on the best film submitted by a student filmmaker. Past lifetime achievement honorees have included Ray Bradbury (Fahrenheit 451), Richard Donner (Lethal Weapon franchise, The Omen), Lauren Shuler Donner (St. Elmo’s Fire, Pretty in Pink, Dave) and Laszlo Kovacs (Ghostbusters). Continue reading "10th ANNUAL OJAI-VENTURA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:38 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio New Iyengar Yoga Class Friday Mornings at 8 AM with Suza Francina at Sacred Space Studio in Ojai About the Instructor: Suza Francina , is a Certified Iyengar Yoga Instuctor who has taught since 1972. About the Class: All Level Iyengar Yoga Class Friday Mornings 8--9:25 AM, (New students please arrive early) Sacred Space Studio, 410 Bryant Circle, Suite A, Ojai. Class Description Iyengar yoga classes cover the safe-practice of all categories poses: Restorative Poses, Standing Poses, Forward Bends, Back Bends, Twists, Inverted Poses, Lying Down Poses, Hip Openers, etc. Special attention is given to strengthening standing poses and deeply relaxing restorative yoga poses. Classes are unhurried, with plenty of props to provide support so that your practice is rejuvenating and restores your energy reserves. You will learn the safe practice of the two-pillars of yoga: Headstand and Shoulderstand. Those who are new to yoga will have the opportunity to practice safe, gentle variations, suitable for beginners. All ages and levels are welcome. Continue reading "New Iyengar Yoga Class Friday Mornings at 8 AM with Suza Francina at Sacred Space Studio in Ojai"  Posted by Suza Francina at 06:19 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 23, 2009 Calendar Call The response to the Men of Ojai Calendar project has been great. So far we have 30 candidates. I still have an additional dozen men to interview, so I've scheduled time at the Ojai Arts Center to meet with potential calendar models. If you or anyone you know is interested in being in the 2010 Men of Ojai calendar, please stop by the Ojai Art Center tomorrow, Wednesday from noon to 3pm. For more info please email me at demitri@pinkminute.com or call 805-603-0079. Thank you. Posted by Demitri Corbin at 01:43 PM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio June 22, 2009 FRESH the movie at The Ojai Retreat next Monday HopeDance FiLMs and Pesticide Free Ojai present: FRESH Monday, June 29, 6pm Suggested Donation: $5-$10 The Ojai Retreat • 160 Besant Road • 646-2536 • www.ojairetreat.org 6pm: Potluck (organic popcorn and refreshments provided) 7pm: Film & Discussion Fresh celebrates the farmers, thinkers and business people across America who are re-inventing our food system. Among several main characters, FRESH features urban farmer and activist, Will Allen, the recipient of MacArthur’s 2008 Genius Award; sustainable farmer and entrepreneur, Joel Salatin, made famous by Michael Pollan’s book, the Omnivore’s Dilemma; and supermarket owner, David Ball, challenging our Wal-Mart dominated economy. FRESH flyer (PDF) Posted by Tyler Suchman at 06:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 18, 2009 Winner of the Locally Grown Contest The following entry from DK is the winner of the Locally Grown contest . It captures the topic with elegant simplicity. Thanks to everyone for participating and reading. Savor every meal For the miracle it is Each and every bite Congrats, DK, and drop me an email to sort out your tix. For the rest of you, see you there ! Posted by Tyler Suchman at 04:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Reflections on Ojai Music Festival 2009 Reflections on Ojai Music Festival 2009 I’m so appreciative that the Ojai Music Festival continues to create inspiring and entertaining programs. I always know that I will be witness to world class performances with virtuoso musicians playing works by composers who are dedicated to their craft. This year was no different. Continue reading "Reflections on Ojai Music Festival 2009"  Posted by Raymond Powers at 02:42 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio June 17, 2009 Win a Pair of Tickets to Locally Grown With Haiku I have a pair of reserved tickets to this Saturday's Locally Grown concert for one talented participant. It's time for a haiku contest! In the comments of this post, give us a haiku on food. Read more about the concert, and get ideas for your haiku by reading the Locally Grown press release I posted last week. You can enter more than once. Winner will be chosen by an as-yet-undetermined number of judges on Thursday, 4pm. Food For Thought | Event Tickets (what is a haiku?) Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:42 AM | Permalink  | Comments (23) | author bio June 11, 2009 Ojai Music Festival Starts Tonight! Tonight, 6pm, Libbey Park marks the beginning of the 2009 Ojai Music Festival , with a FREE event. Check out the entire program , including tonight's offerings, which begin with a Trimpin sound sculpture in the park, followed by an 8pm performance in Libbey Bowl by a collection of artists including Jeremy Denk and eighth blackbird's Lisa Kaplan and Matthew Duvall. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:31 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 10, 2009 Celebrate the Summer Solstice with Locally Grown Two big music weekends in a row here in Ojai - Music Festival this weekend, and Locally Grown next weekend. Press release from the latter... Locally Grown concert celebrates summer solstice As the summer outdoor concert season heats up, Locally Grown, a benefit concert in support of Food For Thought, the Ojai Healthy Schools program, will take place under the stars in Ojai’s Libbey Park on Saturday, June 20th from 5 pm to 10 pm. Tickets range from $20 to $30 for lawn seats, $40 to $50 for reserved seats, to $150 for VIP seats (which includes admission to the after-show festivities) and are available online at www.brownpapertickets.com . “We’re excited to be celebrating the summer solstice, since a big part of our mission is to reconnect people to the natural cycles of the earth by eating seasonal, locally grown produce, ” according to Marty Fujita, President of Food For Thought. Continue reading "Celebrate the Summer Solstice with Locally Grown"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio June 08, 2009 Bummer. Lost again. Darn it. I lost again. Did great work on three stunning photographs and didn't even merit an honorable mention. Spent hours shooting the Old Mill renovation in Santa Paula, risking life and limb, and all I get is chopped liver. Where will it end? The Ojai Art Center Photography Branch hung another standout show at the Art Center this weekend. Thirty photographers qualified fifty photos in the Branch's annual show Visions of Change . Well the only thing that didn't change was my winning nothing, nada, zilch. Continue reading "Bummer. Lost again."  Posted by Fred Rothenberg at 05:24 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio June 06, 2009 More Men of Ojai The Council of Fabulousness will reconvene today to select models for the 2010 Men of Ojai calendar. Auditions will take place this afternoon from 2 to 4pm on the new patio of the Ojai Beverage Company, 655 E. Ojai Ave. Those who are interested should bring a recent photo. The calendar is being produced in partnership with Bret Bradigan, Attasalina Dews and myself. Shooting will take place between June 22 and August 1. The calendar will be unveiled Friday, October 16 at a gallery reception at the Ojai Valley Museum and will go on sale on Ojai Day, Saturday, October 17. Proceeds from the calendar sales will benefit local arts programs. For more information contact project manager Demitri Corbin at 805-603-0079 or email to demitri@pinkminute.com. Posted by Demitri Corbin at 10:49 AM | Permalink  | Comments (21) | author bio OVGC Presents: "Earth" from Disney - Tonight A very special private screening of EARTH benefiting the Ojai Valley Green Coalition: Tonight - Saturday, June 6 2009 - 9:30 p.m. $6 The Ojai Theatre - 145 E. Ojai Ave. (805) 646-1011 Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:05 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 04, 2009 Celebration of Nature and Song Add this to the never-ending list of great things to do this weekend! Submitted by Smitty West : Euterpe Farms presents a FREE event: Celebration of Nature and Song Bring Your Body and Soul to the Euterpe Rest Space Under the Oaks..by the Windmill on the 600 block of Rice Road between Lomita and Camille Saturday, June 6th, 5pm till 8pm Click ahead for more details... Continue reading "Celebration of Nature and Song"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 02:57 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Joyfully FUNNY! For Your Entertainment... www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gHvATmUsSg Posted by Dvorah Adler at 11:48 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 03, 2009 Ojai Wine Festival Posted by Howard Smith at 07:24 PM | Permalink | author bio June 02, 2009 Stop, Drop & Roll: 3 Nights of Plays at Theater 150 Theater 150's three-night one-act series, "Stop, Drop and Roll," will feature new works from playwrights Cindy Frings, Tara Jeffery, Nancy Kurland, George Miller, Sheila Murphy, Carrie Rosenbloom and yours truly! The theater's co-artistic director, Deb Norton, has been working with the playwrights since late February, so we are all more than ready to showcase our plays. Check-out the line-up and purchase tickets after the jump. Continue reading "Stop, Drop & Roll: 3 Nights of Plays at Theater 150"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:10 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio May 30, 2009 Ojai Kundalini Yoga Retreat Posted by Howard Smith at 05:10 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 27, 2009 Hollywood Invades Ojai Currently writing from Ojai Coffee Roasting Co... there are literally twenty five Hollywood types in here sizing up OCRC as a location for some movie. Of course they aren't grabbing a coffee, they are just creating a ridiculous amount of noise, pointing around where some actor is going to walk, and how the camera is going to catch the scene. Have I mentioned how much I don't miss living in LA? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:57 PM | Permalink  | Comments (8) | author bio May 26, 2009 Tuesday Nite Music Club Elvis Costello with The Police Medley: "Watching the Detectives, Walking on the Moon, Sunshine of Your Love" From January, 2009 on Costello's Sundance TV show Spectacle (h/t Bob Cesca ) Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:34 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio May 22, 2009 Cellist Jami Sieber Returns to Ojai 6/7 I just talked to Jami Sieber, cellist, vocalist and composer, via Skype about her upcoming show, playing with elephants and blending music and poetry. Jami will perform in Ojai on June 7th at 7:30 p.m. at Sacred Space Studio ; tickets are $17 in advance or $20 at the door. Jami also has shows in Santa Barbara on 6/5 and in Los Angeles on 6/6. For more information, and to purchase her latest CD's "Only Breath" and "Unspoken," go to www.jamisieber.com. Listen to the interview here (which features bumper music from " The Moon Inside "). This is a story about Jami's previous show in Ojai. Posted by Lisa Snider at 05:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 21, 2009 Thursday Nite Music Club From NPR's All Songs Considered : Who's the greatest beatboxer in the world? We'll soon find out, when the annual Beatbox Battle World Championship gets underway in Berlin, Germany on May 28. Each year contestants from all over the world flock to the city to lay down some sweet, human-generated beats in hopes of snagging the grand prize. This year's winner will be crowned on May 31. In the meantime, the BBWC has announced the winner of its wildcard competition. It's Julia Dales, a 17 year-old from Canada. She's got my vote. (h/t C ) Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:50 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio HELP of Ojai Fundraiser 5/28 A special screening of "Navigating the Fog of Investing" will be held on Thursday, May 28th from 4:30-6:30 at the Ojai Theater (formerly known as the Ojai Playhouse) at 145 E. Ojai Avenue. The event is sponsored by Hoffman and Associates and a reception will be hosted immediately following the film at the beautiful Lavender Inn at 210 E. Matilija Street . Tickets are a $10 suggested donation in advance, $15 at the door. All proceeds will go to HELP of Ojai . For more info, call Chris Poynter at 805-646-5122 x16 Here is an interview with Help of Ojai about the event: Continue reading "HELP of Ojai Fundraiser 5/28"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 04:23 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 20, 2009 StandUP! for Spoken Word Poetry A regular at The Ojai Playwrights' Conference , actor and spoken-word poet Steve Connell returns to Ojai for performances at Theater 150 on May 22-24th. He has been featured on HBO’s Def Poetry Jam, in the Aspen Comedy Festival, and is two-time winner of both regional and national slam poetry competitions. Connell has also performed at private events for both Hilary Clinton and Barack Obama. Tickets and information are available on the Theater 150 website . Posted by Robert Peake at 09:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio May 14, 2009 Bowling Center Before Planning Commission Image via Wikipedia If you are interested in supporting the planned renovation and reopening of the Ojai Bowling Center, check out this agenda item for Wednesday (May 20, 7:30pm) Planning Commission Meeting: CONCEPT REVIEW (CR 09-02) FOR THE REVAMPMENT OF A BOWLING CENTER THAT INCLUDES SITE IMPROVEMENTS, ADDITION OF APPROXIMATELY 475 SQUARE FEET TO THE EXISTING BUILDING, AND CONSTRUCTION OF THREE PATIO AREAS FOR OUTDOOR DINING AND A BATTING CAGE for property located at 1202 E. Ojai Avenue, Ojai, California, Assessor’s Parcel Number 028-0-073-010. The General Plan Land Use designation of the site is General Commercial (GC) and the Zoning classification of the site is General Commercial (C-1). Property Owner: Gail Bazzano. Applicant: Stacey Benotto. Wouldn't it be great to have the bowling center back after all these years? Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 09:25 PM | Permalink  | Comments (28) | author bio May 08, 2009 Open Music Thread Holy cow, The Breeders rocked. What are you listening to? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Open Thread: Kind of hot for May Edition Posted by Sean P. Keenan at 10:56 AM | Permalink  | Comments (13) | author bio  May 05, 2009 Ojai Myths Series Installment No. 3: Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds Submitted by an anonymous reader. As with all legends, take with your own preferred level of grains of salt. And of course, if you have anything to add, or can share local legends and stories you have heard, please do. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds You’ve heard the song. You’ve been over the bridge. You’ve eaten the tangerines off the trees under marmalade skies. Here’s one story of how it came about. Continue reading "Ojai Myths Series Installment No. 3: Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds"  Posted by Sean P. Keenan at 01:37 PM | Permalink  | Comments (11) | author bio May 04, 2009 Happy 90th Birth Day, Pete! Yesterday, May 3rd, was the undefinable Pete Seeger's 90th birth day. i recorded my favorite Seeger tune for him this morning, and there's also a movement/petition to give Pete a Nobel Peace Prize . Posted by evan austin at 10:01 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio April 29, 2009 Evening Mental Health Break Flaming Lips and the band White Dwarfs and Stardeath cover Madonna's Borderline. (hat tip C ) Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:35 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Twitter Contest: win a free autographed book "style, naturally" is written by eco-supermodel Summer Rayne Oakes, who presented last month at a gathering up at Ojai Valley Inn & Spa. It is hand-autographed, and a perfect gift for someone who is interested in fashion and eco-trends. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 06:42 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio April 26, 2009 American Idol in Ojai? Taylor Hicks in Ojai tomorrow? From @DustinBlackburn on Twitter ... Anyone want to be an extra for 3 hours on monday @5:30pm for a taylor hicks video in ojai ca? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio April 24, 2009 Attasalina and the Seraphim Rising Attasalina and the Seraphim Rising are launching their first tour; Wrestling with the Angels at Theater 150. Tickets for Friday, April 24th are $15 and can be purchased at www.theater150.org or in Ojai at Coffee Connection, Cardinali Bros. Music and Studio Sauvageau. Doors open at 8, Show begins at 9pm. Limited Seating. Food & Drink. Posted by Demitri Corbin at 02:40 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio April 22, 2009 News From The Music Festival First, this: Steve Reich, the 2008 featured composer at the Ojai Music Festival described by New Yorker magazine as “the most original musical thinker of our time,” has won a Pulitzer Prize for Double Sextet, which was commissioned and premiered in 2007 by eighth blackbird, the music director of the 2009 Ojai Music Festival. The 22-minute work can be performed either by a sextet playing against a prerecording of the work or as an ensemble of 12 instrumentalists. On Sunday, June 14, the closing day of the four-day Ojai Music Festival, eighth blackbird will be joined by six ‘live’ musicians in a performance of Steve Reich’s Double Sextet, to open the Festival’s four-hour Marathon Finale. And after the jump, a bunch of photos from the 2009 Ojai Music Festival Preview, which was held up at Meditation Mount this weekend. (photo credits: Lynn Malone) Continue reading "News From The Music Festival"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:36 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio  April 20, 2009 Movie Night at the Jester Tonight MOVIE NIGHT AT THE JESTER! This month's film is Running Dry Continue reading "Movie Night at the Jester Tonight"  Posted by Sean P. Keenan at 10:40 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio April 18, 2009 What's New on Radio Ojai There are a few new shows on Radio Ojai highlighting current events this week and next: An interview with the band We Govern We , playing tonight at the Whisky. An interview with Attasalina Dews , who talks about her band, Attasalina and the Seraphim Rising, playing 4/24 at Theater 150. The latest installment of The Ojai Moment with Lisa and Matt: Matt Spins & Tweets . Lisa talks to Matt about the joys of spinning at Bryant Street Gym, Lisa's Lab chews up Simon and Garfunkel and Matt is tweeting on Twitter. Current events: Ellen Johnson 4/24 , Elvis in Ojai 4/25 and The Ojai Tennis Tournament 4/23-26 . Posted by Lisa Snider at 02:19 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Ultimate ThruYou YouTube Funk Mashup OK, this is outrageous. The description from ThruYou - "What you are about the see is a mix of unrelated YouTube videos/clips edited together to create ThruYou. In other words, what you see is what you hear." More here ... Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:50 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio April 15, 2009 Music 150 Debut Attasalina and the Seraphim Rising are launching their first tour; Wrestling with the Angels at Theater 150 in Ojai on Friday, April 24th. Newly formed on 2008, Attasalina and the Seraphim Rising have eclectic musical inspirations drawn from the late 70’s and early 80’s art rock movements such as glam, punk, goth and industrial. Influential artists include: David Bowie, Bauhaus, Siouxie and the Banshees and Skinny Puppy. Their debut stage performance features a mix of original songs as well as unique material from some of the underground’s supreme artists. Woven together like a story, their music creates a powerful ambiance from the moment you step into the theater. Continue reading "Music 150 Debut"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 04:07 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio April 14, 2009 The Place to Be for “TEA” & Tennis Submitted by Fran Pavelko, vice chairman: HospitaliTEA is our SpecialTEA - The Place to Be for “TEA” & Tennis Tradition Remains at the HospitaliTEA Tent For the 109 th year. The BeauTEA and PossibiliTEAs for another great year are endless. TEA –Talk –Tradition and HospitaliTEA go hand in hand, under the TEA Tent and on the courts. That is “LOVE” at “The Ojai.”  Over 130 gracious ladies volunteer to serve TEA and cookies, and welcome players, parents, and the faithful locals to “The Ojai.” The BeauTEA of “The Ojai” event is enjoying Tennis, TEA and Tradition. The “TEA Tent” is the nicest tradition of “The Ojai,” comments Ruby Morrison, who has served as president, secretary and board member. Ruby now holds the prestigious title of “Director Emeritus” and adds with pride, “It’s so beautifully done and such a nice surprise to people. Some say – we’re the Wimbledon of the West.” During the course of the tournament, approximately 1,500 cups of TEA will be poured and over 10,000 cookies will be served. Continue reading "The Place to Be for “TEA” & Tennis"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 07:31 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio April 12, 2009 Mountain Hare Krishna by Krishna Das and Sting Enjoy! Posted by Sally Carless at 03:10 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio April 08, 2009 “Noises Off!” at Ojai ACT My friend, John Hankins, sent this over. He is one of the actors in the play. I'm taking advantage of the special this weekend and will attend Saturday night. Hope to see you there! Ojai ACT Art Center Theater A non-profit community ensemble “Noises Off!” Opens Leave it to an actor to write a play where the funniest action occurs backstage, but with equal hilarity onstage, coming to the Ojai Art Center Theater stage March 28 through April 25. It’s “Noises Off!” by Michael Frayn, who spawned this rowdy comedy while standing in the wings watching a farce starring Lynn Redgrave. “It was funnier from behind than in front and I thought that one day, I must write a farce from behind,” Frayn said. “Noises Off!” is a play within a play, with the actors putting on a silly comedy entitled “Nothing On” and blowing their lines, entrances and relationships. Continue reading "“Noises Off!” at Ojai ACT"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:34 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio April 07, 2009 Ticket Discount: Ojai Music Festival What a great deal for locals. Get lawn tix for the Ojai Music Festival for only 10 bucks each. Enter promo code Ojai10 at ojaifestival.org by April 24th. lawn coupon (PDF) Posted by Tyler Suchman at 06:44 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 28, 2009 Ojai Wild! Jeff Kuyper, Executive Director of Los Padres ForestWatch , joined me on Radio Ojai recently to talk about the Ojai Wild! Annual Benefit on Saturday, April 4. He also talked about his organization and how it keeps our wild lands wild. Tickets for Ojai Wild! are $75 for adults, $20 for children under 14 years of age, and a table for 8-10 people may be reserved for $600. Tickets are available by calling the Los Padres ForestWatch office at 805-617-4610. Listen to the interview here. Learn more about the event after the jump. Continue reading "Ojai Wild!"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (13) | author bio March 27, 2009 Open Thread some events housekeeping... Ojai Yoga Crib - October 23-25 Join Kira Ryder, Alana Mitnick, Uschi Gibson and the community of Lulu Bandha's for the seventh Ojai Yoga Crib and spend a magical weekend in the gorgeous Ojai Valley in Southern California. Five Day Plein Air Painting Workshop - April 27 - May 1 Learn to interpret the beautiful Ojai countryside in terms of paint, using value and color to create form. The aim of the Plein Air Painting Workshop is to teach you to think, see, and express light and form in your paintings. Annual Community Passover Seder - Sat, April 11, 5:30pm Join the Annual Community Passover Seder, conducted by Rabbi Yossi Carron, Jewish Community of the Oaks. Saturday April 11, 2009, 5:30PM at Soule Park Golf Course. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 26, 2009 Locally Grown Benefit Concert 2009 Mark your calendars for summer solstice - Saturday, June 20th, when the 2009 installment of the Locally Grown benefit concert for Food for Thought Ojai returns to Libbey Bowl. PR: Locally Grown Benefit Concert Returns to Libbey Bowl “This year’s Locally Grown benefit concert will celebrate the diversity of our community, as well as continue our focus on environmental stewardship” announced Food For Thought president, Marty Fujita, today. “It also takes place on Saturday, June 20th at summer solstice, which is significant to us, since a big part of Food For Thought’s mission is to reconnect people to the natural cycles of the earth by eating seasonal, locally grown produce.” The event will feature an eclectic mix of musical styles including American roots rock, Mexican-American rhythms, Reggae and Afro-Cuban beats. Continue reading "Locally Grown Benefit Concert 2009"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:15 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio  March 23, 2009 It's your Democracy... There are a lot of things happening with the new Ojai Valley Democratic Club. There is a meeting tonight at 7 pm at the Ojai Art Center for anyone interested attending. Continue reading "It's your Democracy..."  Posted by Sean P. Keenan at 06:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio Volunteer for the Ojai Music Festival from them... The Ojai Music Festival is currently seeking volunteers to assist at this year’s 63rd Festival slated for June 11 to 14. Volunteer positions include hospitality, production, set up, security, ushering, artist liaisons, and office assistance. This is an exciting and fun way to experience the Ojai Music Festival from within and meet new people. The volunteers make the Festival happen! Continue reading "Volunteer for the Ojai Music Festival"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:27 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 21, 2009 Generative Artwork Paul Prudence is a computational artist and author of the mesmerizing website: http://dataisnature.com/ . In this video, paul uses sound sensitive prototypal systems that seem to evoke a sense of Synaesthesia in the viewer. Posted by Mike Didj at 02:08 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 20, 2009 Inbox Housekeeping for the Arts All sorts of announcements have come my way - take a gander through the following... Roberta Raye at Made in Ojai says: Made In Ojai is restructuring from a consignment shop to an artisans’ collective. The store will close for re-design March 30-April 3rd and re-open on April 4, 2009. Membership is limited. Apply by March 25, 2009 - the store is located at at 323 East Matilija Street, and is open between 11 and 6 weekdays and 11-4 weekends. Anca Colbert invites you to "Views of Early California: A Golden Light" - images from the 1880s to the 1950s. TONIGHT at The Oaks of Ojai - Friday, March 20th - 5 to 7 PM, spa foods and drinks will be served. There are many gems to discover : rare views of Ojai, Matilija Canyon, The Thacher School, The Oaks when it was called El Roblar Hotel, many more. Linda Harmon announces that Ojai Day is looking for Artists: the Ojai Day Committee is now accepting submissions of images by visual artists that will be juried for reproduction as the annual Ojai Day Poster. Submit camera ready image of their work, contact information, and current biographical for use in publicity to Linda at lhart412@roadrunner.com, mailed to the Committee c/o Linda Harmon, 412 N. Fulton St., Ojai, or dropped off at the City of Ojai’s Boyd Recreation Center, 510 Park Rd., or contact her at 640-0381. Lulu Bandha's says: Come gather for a slideshow to hear stories from India and the beginnings of LuckyUschi. There will be tea and snacks and the opportunity to browse in the LuckyUschi boutique. TONIGHT - Friday Night, March 20th, 7:30 to 9:30pm, FREE. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:16 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 17, 2009 Poetry Gets Local Out of the ashes of the official Ojai Poetry Festival , a group of enthusiastic local volunteers has banded together to bring a new event to Ojai: The Ojai Valley Poetry Fest on June 6th, 2009 at the Ojai Art Center. The event will feature Wanda Coleman, Frank T. Rios, Jackson Wheeler, and Marsha de la O. The group is also looking for local poets to host and perform half-hour to hour-long segments throughout the day of the festival, and volunteers in all aspects of the event. Admission is free in exchange for volunteering on the day of the event. To apply for the poetry program, send a short proposal--100 words or fewer--along with the number of poets involved to: OjaiPoets@gmail.com by April 1, 2009 . Click here for more details about this exciting new event . Posted by Robert Peake at 08:08 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 13, 2009 Stop The Trucks: The First Casualty of War is the Truth Michael Shapiro, Chair of Stop the Trucks, sent the following letter regarding Weigh Tickets as a response to an email (below) from Chris Stephens, Director of Resource Managment for the County of Ventura. Hello Chris - I've finally read your email regarding how the Coalition might obtain a full year's worth of weigh tickets from the Ozena Ranch Mine facility. Obviously - the "evidence" you've collected is entirely insufficient. I've turned your email over to our attorney -- for I do not have the legal skills to know how to go from here. Naturally - I view your email not only with great disappointment - but I also see it as one more example of how the Planning Division does not wish to let genuine evidence come to light by conveniently hiding behind a rather poorly collected and insufficient randsom sample of Ozena weight tickets. I'm not that naieve, Chris, to believe that if you and your other colleagues really wished to collect a full year's data that you would certainly be able to do so. The fact that you aren't willing to do that speaks volumes: You fear the TRUTH and simply can't handle the TRUTH. We'll have to seek another legal remedy to get to the bottom of this. How unfortunate. Sincerely, Michael Shapiro Chair - Stop The Trucks! Coalition Continue reading "Stop The Trucks: The First Casualty of War is the Truth"  Posted by Howard Smith at 05:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio March 12, 2009 Free Musical Instrument Petting Zoo A great event for the kids from the Ojai Music Festival... Crash, bang, toot! The Ojai Music Festival’s BRAVO! education program will present a first-time Musical Instrument Petting Zoo on March 18, from 3 to 6 pm (update: come when you can between 3 and 6pm) , at the Miramonte Elementary School. A free community event, the Petting Zoo is geared to students grades first through third who might be interested in learning more about orchestral instruments. Continue reading "Free Musical Instrument Petting Zoo"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 06:32 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio March 11, 2009 April Hendrix releases EPK Ojai-based musician April Hendrix and her band have just released an electronic press kit. The video which features interviews with band and a live performance of her song "The Well" at The Hub, was filmed by SPK and Rob Clement. April is managed by Lanny Kaufer. You can check April's profile on MySpace where you can hear a few other original tunes and see a calendar of her upcoming gigs. Enjoy! Posted by Chris Wilson at 04:08 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 10, 2009 Happy International Women's Day! Come to the VC Women's EXPO 3/13-15 Today is International Women’s Day , which has been observed since 1911 (just 9 years later, women in the U.S. were given the right to vote). This year’s theme, as designated by the U.N. (individual countries also develop their own themes) is “Women and men united to end violence against women and girls.” A great way to honor and recognize women locally is to attend the Ventura County Women’s EXPO , taking place this weekend, March 13-15, at the Ventura County Fairgrounds. Fifty dynamic guest speakers will present on various topics over the three-day event, including health, relationships, career, finances and motherhood. The topic I am presenting is much less weighty and ambitious – I will be talking about local wines ! Continue reading "Happy International Women's Day! Come to the VC Women's EXPO 3/13-15"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 06, 2009 Awesome Art at the OV Museum from the Ojai Valley Museum - Denise Picard writes up the reception and awards ceremony... Sunshine was among the guests last Thursday afternoon, for the reception and awards ceremony of the museum’s latest exhibition, “Awesome Art.” Outside, in the museum’s lovely patio, there were pizzas, fresh fruit, lemonade, and Ojai Valley School provided delicious cookies. But the main attraction was inside, where over 260 students from six valley high schools mingled with their parents, teachers and friends to view the art work of their peers. Continue reading "Awesome Art at the OV Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 05, 2009 I'd Rather Smoke a Cigar I was about to head down the hill to buy a cigar. It’s one of those forbidden pleasures I engage in a couple of times a year. In order to curb my usage, I only buy one at a time. That gives my guilt complex a chance to work on me before I actually lay out the cash. It’s an awful habit. Mouth tastes like the inside of a shoe for two days. So I said to Sweetie “You know what…I think I’ll shlep down the hill to get a cigar.” She said with a beautiful smile “Go ahead. You’ll enjoy it.” OK, I said, I’ll just check my e-mail. Bad decision. Continue reading "I'd Rather Smoke a Cigar"  Posted by Fred Rothenberg at 05:34 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 01, 2009 Gypsy/Balkan/Jazz Group "Fishtank Ensemble" in Ojai on Thursday March 5th WHO: Fishtank Ensemble WHAT: Live Music, Gypsy, Balkan, Flamenco and Jazz (“cross-pollinated gypsy music”) WHEN: Thursday March 5 at 7 pm (doors open at 6:30) WHERE: Ojai Valley Women's Club, 441 E Ojai Ave HOW MUCH: $18 in advance, $20 at the door. Ticket info www.ojaiconcertseries.com Catch gypsy/Balkan/jazz/flamenco group Fishtank Ensemble for the first time in Ojai as part of the Ojai Concert Series. The group, known for their wildly eclectic gypsy and Balkan flavored music, consists of one sexy diva and 5 crazy musicians, including a former peripatetic violinist who left his gypsy wagon in Europe after years of musical research and will break every hair on his bow to set the room on fire. Continue reading "Gypsy/Balkan/Jazz Group "Fishtank Ensemble" in Ojai on Thursday March 5th"  Posted by Sally Carless at 08:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Open Music Thread Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:51 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio February 28, 2009 Ojai Yogis Invited to Ventura's First Ever YOGATHON VENTURA’S FIRST EVER “YOGATHON” TO SUPPORT KIDS’ ARTS Today, Saturday, February 28, Yoga Jones and Kids' Arts will host Ventura's first ever “Yogathon” fundraiser at the historical Elks Lodge, 11 S. Ash Street at Main, in Ventura. Local teachers, including Ojai teachers Suza Francina at 2pm and Kira Ryder at 5pm, and others such as well-known Yogini and Indian dancer, Hemalayaa Behl, (4pm) will hold classes every hour from 9:00 am until 5:00 pm. The event will finish with an uplifting evening Kirtan, with the Ojai Kirtan Band at 7:00 pm. A full day pass is $50 at the door or $15 per class, which includes free entry to the evening Ojai Kirtan Band event. Arrive early to register and bring a mat and blanket. Besides the yoga classes, the Yogathon features a silent auction, art exhibit, refreshments, massage and healing arts. The event coordinators hope to raise awareness and funds to support continued free art and yoga classes for disadvantaged youth. One demonstration during the event will include a group of children asked to draw a picture and then participate in yoga, afterwards they will be asked to draw another image to illustrate the immediate difference yoga makes in a child’s perspective. Continue reading "Ojai Yogis Invited to Ventura's First Ever YOGATHON "  Posted by Suza Francina at 05:48 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio February 27, 2009 Happy 3rd Birthday, Ojai Post! The Ojai Post, February 27, 2006, entry #1 : The Ojai Post is a community blog, featuring Ojai residents from all walks of life writing about the unique Ojai experience. Ojai is a special place, not just for its geography, flora and fauna, small-town architecture and rich native American history - its also because of the people - talented, creative souls who tend to walk to the beat of their own drummer and carve their own path through life. Check in for daily musings, rants, Ojai news and greater goings-on from the place some call Shangri-La. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (14) | author bio February 20, 2009 Mardi Gras Tomorrow Evening You going? From the Mardi Gras folks with a final day heads-up and info on the fundraiser... Mardi Gras is coming! It's all happening this coming Saturday, February 21, starting at 7:30 at the Ojai Valley Woman's Club, 441 E. Ojai Ave. Tickets are $20 advance, $25 at the door. See press release or poster for ticket locations. This year's theme is "Venetian Vibrations: Unmask Your Passion!" Fittingly, artist Robert Lamarche's amazing masks are on sale now at Studio Sauvageau for those who need a stunning, last minute costume. Live music, costume contest, Rondia's Southern homestyle cooking plus beer, wine, cocktails, fantastic decorations and slideshow! Don't miss the coronation of 2009 Mardi Gras King and Queen Scott and Betsy Smith of Euterpe Farms! As always, this is a fundraiser and I have a special interest this year because my stepson, Denlow Enlow (my late wife Harmony's son), is the beneficiary of the proceeds. He is coping with the devastating effects and expenses of ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis), also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease. Please help us get the word out to the community about this year's 19th annual benefit. Thanks, Lanny Kaufer Continue reading "Mardi Gras Tomorrow Evening"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:58 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio February 18, 2009 Dishing Ojai: Wine Right here in our own backyard, we have two great wineries with tasting rooms open to the public: Casa Barranca and Old Creek Ranch (have you been?). Casa Barranca specializes in organic wine, and Old Creek has some wonderful Mediterranean styles. We also have Movino , where Buddy Wilds serves up glasses of intriguing varieties, like Earthquake Zin or Caymus Conundrum, when he’s not up on the stage or coiffing a hair-do or two. And over at the Ojai Beverage Co. , Jorge and Joby have daily tastings to tempt any palate, and 1000 bottles to choose from. I’ll be presenting on local wines (there are more than you'd think) at the upcoming Ventura County Women’s Expo and would love to hear your thoughts about wine. What have you tasted lately that’s got you swooning over the grape? And do you have any fun wine quotes (or even song lyrics) to share, like, “In vino veritas (In wine there is truth),” or Dean Martin’s, “You haven't drunk too much wine if you can still lie on the floor without holding on.” More Dishing Ojai columns here. Radio Ojai interview with Beth Sutherland, Producer of the Ventura County Women's Expo here. Posted by Lisa Snider at 03:12 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio February 17, 2009 Open Music Thread Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:05 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio February 16, 2009 RIP Louie Bellson Luigi Paulino Alfredo Francesco Antonio Balassoni (6 July1924–14 February2009, better known by the stage name Louie Bellson. Posted by Raymond Powers at 01:06 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio February 11, 2009 Open Thread One of my favorite winter moments in Ojai is when the sun is shining in the west, the dark rain clouds fill the eastern sky, and the light illuminates the tallest trees as they tower above the orchards. Here's an interesting thing coming up March 5th from the Ojai Concert Series ... “Fishtank Ensemble” - a unique eclectic blend of Romanian folk, Gypsy, Balkan, Flamenco, Klezmer and originals. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio February 09, 2009 Golda Meir Comes to Ojai! Golda Meir, (1898-1978) will be portrayed by noted Ojai actor, Catherine Dain, in a 45 minute staged abridged reading of William Gibson's play: GOLDA'S BALCONY   Directed by Gai Jones and produced by Edie Smith   7 PM Saturday Feb 28, 2009   Jewish Community of the Oaks   530 West El Roblar, Meiners Oaks    Suggested minimum Donation $10   Program will be followed by a Dessert Reception "Golda’s Balcony" offers the compelling story of Golda Meir’s transformation from a young Russian immigrant in Milwaukee to an activist for a Jewish state in Palestine and then to its leader – Prime Minister of Israel. Framing her tale with the decisions she was forced to make during the 1973 war, she attempts to answer the question “What is the price for survival?” There were no easy answers for Golda, who sacrificed her relationships with her husband and children for her obligations to her country. Her uneasy conclusion was,  “Peace, there will be peace when the Arabs learn to love their children more than they hate the Jews". "Perfect!" New York Magazine  "Enlightening!" New York Times "Amazing Personal History!" Variety "Laughter and Tears!" Akron Beacon Journal "Fascinating !" AP  "Momentous ! Riveting!" The Detroit News  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:13 PM | Permalink | author bio February 06, 2009 Happy Birthday, Bob! Posted by evan austin at 07:14 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio Awesome Art at the Ojai Museum from the Ojai Valley Museum... “Awesome Art” will be on display for all to enjoy from February 12 through April 5 at the Ojai Valley Museum. The exhibition, showcasing art by Ojai Valley students from Nordhoff High School, Thacher School, Besant Hill School, Ojai Valley School, Villanova Preparatory School and Oak Grove School, has become an annual Ojai Valley Museum tradition. “Awesome Art” is very popular with students from all schools and all grade levels, as well as their families and teachers. As for the public, they appreciate witnessing the wide range of emerging artistic talent in the Ojai Valley. Continue reading "Awesome Art at the Ojai Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:11 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio February 05, 2009 Open Music Thread Oren Lavie - "Her Morning Elegance" Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:54 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio February 04, 2009 Tom Chapin in Town Friday Night Not on the Test : Here's a great song by Tom Chapin, who just happens to be coming to town for two shows Friday night. For more info on the song and the testing issue, visit http://notonthetest.com or Tom Chapin’s personal site . Here’s some info about Chapin and the Friday night concerts being hosted by the Ojai Concert Series: Tom Chapin has gained widespread critical and popular acclaim for his recordings aimed at 4 to 11 year-olds and their families. He has created a body of songs which are quickly becoming children’s classics. Tom Chapin’s award-winning albums. aimed at both adults and children, span many styles and generations. His musical career began with his brother, the legendary songwriter Harry Chapin, and for more than thirty years, Tom has been entertaining and amusing audiences with life-affirming original songs. Tom’s adult concerts and recordings are sparked by strong, intelligent songwriting and the intricate, melodic guitar work that has become his trademark. The New York Times calls Tom Chapin “one of the great personalities in contemporary folk music.” Children's show at 5:30pm, adult performance at 7:30pm. Go to Ojai Concert Series for ticket info, or call Shane Butler at: 805-665-8852. Posted by Sally Carless at 05:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio A mystery portrait of Obama as a young man? Great story from the LA Times ... maybe you recognize the painting from the Ojai for Obama campaign headquarters? Lindberg "was going through the stacks and said, "Hey, did you know this is Barack Obama?' " [Ojai's David] Bush said. "It's truly one of those yard-sale finds," said Bush, an environmental lawyer. The painter gave the portrait to Lindberg, who tried to donate it directly to Obama's national campaign, Bush said. But she never got a response to her queries. When Lindberg learned that Ojai was mounting its own campaign push, she stepped forward with the donation. As soon as McCluer saw it, she had to have it, her husband said. McCluer offered $2,000, but the campaign office organizers were unsure whether they should part with it. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:02 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 28, 2009 Tonight - Matilija Jr High - An Inconvenient Truth Revised One last reminder for the 7pm event tonite - The Ojai Valley Green Coalition welcomes Al Gore trained Climate Jedi Gretchen Lewotsky to its Ecology and Community series Wednesday January 28, 2009 • 7:00 pm $5 donation. Inconvenient Truth slideshow and discussion with Gretchen Lewotsky Currently VP of State & Local Government Affairs and Environmental Operations for the Fox Entertainment Group, in January 2007 Gretchen was chosen by Al Gore's The Climate Project to be one of the 1000 persons selected world-wide to be trained by Al Gore to present his An Inconvenient Truth slideshow. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 06:10 PM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio January 19, 2009 Images from MLK Day 09 More images after the jump! Continue reading "Images from MLK Day 09"  Posted by Sally Carless at 07:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Music Listening Thread: MLK Day U2: Sunday Bloody Sunday Old Crow Medicine Show: Motel In Memphis John Baez: We Shall Overcome NPR Podcast: Martin Luther King Music NPR: 'A Musical Celebration' Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:46 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 13, 2009 Rebuilding Libbey Bowl from the Ojai Music Festival... Libbey Bowl serves as a historic gathering place for events including the Ojai Music Festival. Over the last few years, the City of Ojai has conducted numerous structural studies only to find that the termite and wood rot damage is so severe that the Libbey Bowl is in critical condition and must undergo a major rebuild. Please join the City of Ojai, Ojai Music Festival, and the Ojai community at the Commissions Special Joint Meeting to hear about plans for rebuilding the Bowl. THURSDAY, JANUARY 15, 2009 7:00 pm Sarzotti Park (510 Park Road, Ojai) open to the general public Agenda items include: * Overview of Assessment and Needs * David Bury of Bury Architects unveiling of preliminary site plans If you would like to volunteer or donate to the Libbey Bowl project, please contact (805) 646-3117 or email info@LibbeyBowl.org. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio 2009 Ojai Martin Luther King Jr. Day The 9th annual Ojai Martin Luther King Jr. Day Community Celebration is coming on Monday, January 19. Press release follows... The Ojai Valley Youth Foundation is pleased to announce that John R. Hatcher III, President of the Ventura County Chapter of N.A.A.C.P., will be the featured speaker at this year’s Martin Luther King, Jr. Day Celebration. The 9th annual event, free to the public, will be held in Ojai’s downtown Libbey Park on Monday, January 19, from 11 AM to 4 PM. Special guest performers include San Diego hip hop musician/poet Gill S.O.T.U. and gospel choir Living Sacrifice from Santa Barbara. Top local youth musicians and singers will represent many of the schools in the area. They will be joined by Ojai-based, internationally known singers Perla Batalla and Julie Christensen. Local youth will provide food, booths, artwork and much more. Many Ojai students are participating in a writing contest based on this year’s theme. Continue reading "2009 Ojai Martin Luther King Jr. Day"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:54 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Music Listening Thread I'm really enjoying Punch Brothers, which is led by Chris Thile, formerly of Nickel Creek. The album is sort of bluegrass chamber music. It's a fascinating listen. I'm also enjoying the last Nickel Creek album "Why Should The Fire Die?," which I never got around to buying when it came out in 2005. I picked up both albums this weekend on iTunes. I've also been playing with the Pandora app on my iPhone. You pick an artist you like, and it starts streaming songs you can give a thumbs up or thumbs down to, and as it learns your preferences, it builds out essentially a radio station. I have a few channels set up, including ones based on Old Crow Medicine Show, Moby and Mother Hips. It's very similar to SonicNet's app, which was available in the late '90's, but was killed due to licensing restrictions. What are you listening to? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:53 PM | Permalink  | Comments (18) | author bio January 11, 2009 Feature Film Thread Bumped into Lisa and Bill, and then Kira and Eric coming out of Gran Turino - they all said it was classic Clint Eastwood, and a really great film. Ali-Sun and I decided to go for Milk. What a courageous story about a man who was able to shift reality by inspiring people to sacrifice and contribute to a greater good in order to foster positive societal change. What are you watching on the big screen or the little one? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:07 AM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio January 09, 2009 Stop the Trucks: Naked & Topless No More? Tired of having your windshield smashed by loose rock flying off a double hopper gravel truck? So are we. The Conditional Use Permit for the Ozena mine requires that all gravel trucks be covered but no one that we've spoken to in the Ojai Valley has ever remembered seeing a covered gravel truck... Ever! Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Naked & Topless No More?"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:57 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio January 08, 2009 Ojai Musician Al Westcott Passes On I received the following email from Howard Freiberg regarding the passing of local musician Al Westcott... Goodbye Old Friend He was a friend of mine. He was a friend of many. It is with deep sadness that I inform you of the passing of Al Westcott last night, January 7, 2009. Al has been a very close friend of mine since 1983. Many of you met him at past Ojai Rock Fest shows. He performed as "Maggie's Pa" as well as helping put on the production of many of these events. Al died while doing what he loved best....playing music. He was performing at a Retirement Home when he passed out and later died of a massive heart attack. Al was the person who got me to come to Ojai almost 6 years ago by helping me land a great job. He was the one who went with me to the doctor when I was first diagnosed with Cancer, and then went on to organize a benefit to help me pay the mound of expenses I was to incur. He was a true friend. Everyone who met Al always liked him. He made people smile. He had a great sense of humor, and was extremely charitable, even down to his dying minute. It was a pleasure knowing you Al, you'll be greatly missed! Al's Web Site Al's MySpace Page Feature on RadioOjai.com Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:24 AM | Permalink  | Comments (16) | author bio January 07, 2009 Good Music. Good Fun. Joe Reilly. If you love to have a good time and you enjoy music, then the Ojai Valley Women's Club in downtown Ojai is the place to be this Saturday evening at 6:00pm. Leslie and I met Joe Reilly a couple years ago and were immediately impressed by his honest music and deep connection with environmental issues, spirituality, and to children. Joe was a huge hit for those who attended his show at the Eco Store. Don't miss this chance to see our friend from Michigan (he has a song or two about that too!) open his West Coast Tour in Ojai. The show starts at 6:00pm on Saturday, January 10, 2009. The suggested donation is $10/adults, $5/children, $25/family, and age 5 and under are free. Tickets will be available at the door. We're happy to have Deina Bleu Santoyo opening the show with a set of her favorite lullabies made popular by Disney and Dreamworks. You can to hear more songs by Joe on MySpace. Joe Reilly is a born teacher and naturalist. He creates music that is especially accessible to children and addresses issues and joys of our environment. - Great Lakes Bioneers Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 09:08 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio January 05, 2009 Ojai Valley Poetry Association General Meeting Not long after the disappointing news that the 2009 Ojai Poetry Festival has been cancelled , a group of poets and poetry lovers in Ojai, many of them past volunteers and committee members from previous festival seasons, began organizing with the intent to bring poetry to Ojai in a new and different form. I am pleased to pass on this announcement of the first general meeting of the Ojai Valley Poetry Association : Hello Poets and Festivilians, We were all shocked and dismayed (although not entirely surprised, considering the current economic climate) to hear that the festival committee had to cancel the intended program for the 2009 Ojai Poetry Festival. Nevertheless, a few of us optimistic souls met at the library and vowed to continue the good work of Festival co-founders Jim Lenfestey, Linda Silver, and Gael Belden--albeit in a new incarnation. To that end, John Kertis formed the Ojai Valley Poetry Association (OVPA), an unincorporated, non-profit entity under the auspices of the Ojai Valley Library Friends & Foundation, to oversee potential fundraising and organization of this year's festival. The current five-member board consists of myself, John Kertis, Liz Grumette, Dave Ray and Phil Taggart. We're sending out a call to old and new friends of poetry to meet on Wednesday, January 21 at 7 p.m. at the Ojai Library to discuss the new agenda, new line-up possibilities and fund-raising potential. Volunteers are needed to design and manage all aspects of the Festival. All are welcome to the conversation. Please pass the word. Your Poetry Pal, Tree Bernstein Posted by Robert Peake at 09:11 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio Sunday Talks at the Ojai Valley Museum press release from the fine folk at the Ojai Valley Museum The Ojai Valley Museum will present two Sunday talks to accompany its current exhibit, “Sing Me A Story, Dance Me Home.” Continue reading "Sunday Talks at the Ojai Valley Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 04:25 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio December 23, 2008 Okay, It's Time To Dust Off My Favorite Posted by Raymond Powers at 02:47 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio December 22, 2008 Festivus and Champagne! 'Tis the season and if you've still got a few gifts to cross off your list, head on over to the OBC to grab a bottle of bubbly. Grab another to ring in the new year, too! I recently sipped champagne and chatted with Jobe Yoby and Jorge Alem of the Ojai Beverage Company . Over a glass of bubbly, they talked with me about the difference between champagne and sparkling wine, how to open it, the glassware, the different styles, and how it's made. Listen here. Happy Festivus (for the rest of us)! December 23 is the official un-holiday! But the beauty of Festivus is you can celebrate it whenever you want. More on the history and traditions of Festivus after the jump... Continue reading "Festivus and Champagne!"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:13 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio December 17, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Ozena Loses Court Case on Trucking Hours In a case titled "Elizabeth Ann Vergilio Vs. County of Ventura," the owners of the Ozena gravel mine challenged the County's right to impose hours of operation and transit through the Ojai Valley. Judge Reiser ruled against Virgilio and Ozena. Even though Stop the Trucks was not a direct participant in this case, it is a huge victory for the Coalition. Much of the County's brief was based on our research and complaints. The "Stop the Trucks" Coalition has not only been supporting the County's contention that the rules must hold, we've also insisted that the County also actually enforce those rules. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Ozena Loses Court Case on Trucking Hours"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:09 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Playing for Change Tommorrow - Free Screening Posted by Raymond Powers at 01:32 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio December 15, 2008 Latest from the OV Museum an update on the Sing Me a Story, Dance Me Home exhibit and other news from the Ojai Valley Museum... Ann Scanlin, President of the Ojai Valley Museum Board of Trustees, met with valley teachers and museum docents to discuss the latest exhibit at the museum. She gave them interpretive materials that they can use to prepare their students for this exhibit and the enrichment programs that the museum will provide to enlighten students about the culture of Native California. The exhibit is a beautiful collection of art, sculpture, basketry, and poetry created by Native Californians. “I believe this will be a wonderful experience for my students and the community,” noted Ron Schindel, sixth grade teacher at Oak Grove School. Continue reading "Latest from the OV Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:53 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio December 13, 2008 Playing for Change - Free Public Screening Please join Ingrid Boulting, William Aura and myself for a special Free public screening of PLAYING FOR CHANGE , holiday handmade Tibetan jewelry boutique and brief presentation "Destination: Himalaya" by William Aura, producer/founder of Aura Imports , a humanitarian project that supports education for Tibetan refugees. William produced and recorded the segments of PLAYING FOR CHANGE that were filmed in India with the Tibetan and Indian musicians. Playing for Change - Free Public Screening (donations accepted) http://www.playingforchange.com Thursday Dec. 18, 7pm Sacred Space Studio 410 Bryant Street Circle Ste. A Ojai,CA 93023 Posted by Raymond Powers at 09:03 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio December 07, 2008 Happy Chalica! Today is the last day of Chalica , a seven-day celebration of the principles that underlie the Unitarian Universalist movement, beginning on the first Monday in December. Like all holy-days, it was conceived by a person to meet a need; in this case is was a woman named Daylene Marshall from British Columbia, who a few years ago decided that a winter holiday to honor the UU principles would be a community-building and unifying thing. Chalica continues to grow grassroots-style, with people discovering and creating it every year. The general practice is to light a chalice (or candle) in one's home each day in honor of one principle, and to give gifts or take actions that further it. Part of its beauty for me is that, just as one needn't be a Christian to celebrate Christmas, you don't have to identify as a Unitarian Universalist to appreciate and celebrate these ideals! The seven principles are: 1. The inherent worth and dignity of every person; 2. Justice, equity and compassion in human relations; 3. Acceptance of one another and encouragement to spiritual growth in our congregations; 4. A free and responsible search for truth and meaning; 5. The right of conscience and the use of the democratic process within our congregations and in society at large; 6. The goal of world community with peace, liberty and justice for all; 7. Respect for the interdependent web of all existence of which we are a part. ** Read on for an exclusive Radio Ojai interview and hilarious video! ** Continue reading "Happy Chalica!"  Posted by evan austin at 08:03 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio December 06, 2008 Playing for Change Join the Movement to help build schools, connect students, and inspire communities in need through music. Local musician and producer, William Aura, produced the part of this movie that was filmed in India. He recorded some Tibetan musicians and played bass on one of the songs. We hope to have a screening of the film soon here in Ojai. From the award-winning documentary, "Playing For Change: Peace Through Music", comes the first of many "songs around the world" being released independently. Featured is a cover of the Ben E. King classic by musicians around the world adding their part to the song as it travelled the globe. This and other songs such as "One Love" will be released as digital downloads soon; followed by the film soundtrack and DVD early next year. Sign up at Playing For Change for updates and exclusive content available only to those who... Posted by Raymond Powers at 11:35 PM | Permalink | author bio Hiking, Chatting and Eating in Ojai A couple of weeks ago, I went on a hike with Ojai Valley Land Conservancy preserve manager, Rick Bisaccia, and 20 other trekkers. He took us up to the 80-acre Ilvento Preserve, the first property the OVLC acquired in 1997. I last went on this 2-mile hike with the OVLC in the spring of 2006 to write a story for the Sierra Club’s local paper, and although the wildflower sightings were abundant, so, too, were the ticks. This time, the dry weather kept the ticks away, but Rick took the time to give his now famous Tick Talk, which served to give us all the willies. About a mile into the hike are some of the most spectacular views in the valley. I snapped this photo of Rick with my cell phone at the preserve’s highest point, 2024 feet, offering views of Lake Casitas and, on clear days, the Pacific. The Ilvento Preserve is open year-round to the public. For more information on the OVLC, to become a member (it’s cheap!) or to find out about their guided hikes, check-out their Web site for dates, times and reservation information. More after the jump, including evan on Radio Ojai, and cheap eats in the valley... Continue reading "Hiking, Chatting and Eating in Ojai"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:13 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio November 29, 2008 Pub Crawl Tonight Two great music options this evening... April Hendrix with a full band at The Hub, 9pm featuring Sunny Erickson (guitar), David Gorospe (keyboards), Aron Van Alstine (bass) and Greg Weiser (drums) Slim Trio at Movino, 9pm featuring Bruce Kimmell, Adrian Burke and Brad Buley Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio November 27, 2008 The Rain in Spain... didn't make the cut I was mesmerized all day by the patterns and rhythms of the pitter patter. Thanks Tyler for the Carpenters tune. Used to watch their TV show when I was more of a kid. Here's some other great videos. Enjoy: Peter Gabriel - Red Rain Annie Lennox - Here Comes the Rain Again (Live Duet) Quite the Opposite of Karen Carpenters Experience Fred Astaire - Singing in the Rain Jame's Taylor's - Fire & Rain (first TV appearance) Credence Clearwater - Have Your Ever Seen the Rain Bob Dylan - Hard Rain Gonna Fall (concert for Bangledesh) A Classic Butch Cassidy clip Burt Bacharach - Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head Posted by Raymond Powers at 01:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio November 26, 2008 Happy Thanksgiving...Anything is Possible Posted by Dvorah Adler at 11:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio November 25, 2008 Sing Me Your Story, Dance Me Home (press release from the Ojai Valley Museum...) For the second time in the past few years the Ojai Valley Museum is hosting an exhibition produced by the California Resources Alliance (CERA). The first one, Votes of the Women, aroused a large interest in the Ojai community in 2001. The second, Sing Me Your Story, Dance Me Home: Art and Poetry from Native California will also be a “must-see” because of the museum’s access to these engaging, high quality exhibits. All over the world people have handed down their stories, be they English ballads, Irish whaling tunes, native and Inuit and African-American tribal stories and tunes. All stories have played and important role in our collective oral history. Native California and Chumash traditions, arts, and crafts have done this in the same way for California. Like the state itself, the California Native peoples are remarkably diverse with over 300 languages and distinct geographical centers that shape communities, traditions, ideologies and ceremonies. The works exhibited in Sing Me Your Story, Dance Me Home are embedded with California forests, rivers, deserts, valleys and mountains. Native California surrounds us everywhere we look. Continue reading "Sing Me Your Story, Dance Me Home"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:39 AM | Permalink  | Comments (13) | author bio November 23, 2008 Radio Ojai Musicians Get Nod From MAVRIC Ojai musicians Smitty West, Shades of Day, Alan Thornhill and Nathan McEuen are among the recently announced nominees selected to compete in the 2nd Annual MAVRIC Awards (that's Music Awards for Ventura Roots and Independent Creations). Radio Ojai musicians making the cut include Delaney Gibson, Champagne Sunday, Shades of Day and Smitty West. Judging is weighted and online voting will count for 20%, which will start soon at www.mavric-awards.com. Also, look forward to hearing more about MAVRIC week, giving nominees a chance to perform live before the winners are announced in January. The MAVRIC Awards will take place on Sunday, January 25th at the Thousand Oaks Civic Center. Last year's awards show was absolutely fantastic - sort of like our very own Grammies! For more details, go to www.mavric-awards.com . Posted by Lisa Snider at 04:19 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 20, 2008 John McCain anti-SLAPPs Jackson Browne from msnbc : The singer/songwriter sued McCain in August after the Republican candidate for the highest office in the land used his song, “Running on Empty,” in a campaign commercial that targeted Obama’s energy plan. At the time, many didn’t take the legal threat very seriously, but based on two motions filed this week in U.S. District Court in California, the McCain campaign sure does. The second filing is...an anti-SLAPP motion, which is typically used by defendants as a way to seek monetary damages after a plaintiff has subjected a defendant to a lawsuit meant to chill free speech. So far, McCain is only looking for attorney’s fees and costs, but claiming an artist has interfered with free speech is quite the poke of an eye in show business. Posted by evan austin at 12:11 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio November 13, 2008 So many transitions.. Jimi Hendrix's drummer Mitch Mitchell dies BBC Mitch Mitchell, the British drummer in the seminal 1960s band the Jimi Hendrix Experience, has been found dead in his US hotel room, authorities say. The 61-year-old was discovered in the Benson Hotel in Portland, Oregon, in the early hours of Wednesday. A medical examiner told Associated Press news agency the death appeared to be from natural causes but that there would be an autopsy. The inevitable drum solo after the jump. Continue reading "So many transitions.."  Posted by Raymond Powers at 12:06 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio November 10, 2008 Ojai Film Festival Wrap Up “I thought the first line was vulgar and rude. It made me not want to read any further and not attend the film festival. Comment #10 Posted by: another anonymous”* This afternoon as I crossed the street to go into the post office I noticed that the Ojai Theatre marquee still announced the Ojai Film Festival. It's Monday, another work week and our attention moves on to upcoming events. But this year's film festival marks the beginning of a new direction for the festival. OFF treasurer Bill Monot in opening statements before Saturday night's gala event noted that the festival happened during this worsening financial climate. I don't know what the numbers are as far as attendance. There were many screenings that were not very well attended. And others were full, like the gala event at the Ojai Valley Inn on Saturday night. Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival Wrap Up"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 05:43 PM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio November 09, 2008 RIP - Miriam Makeba I had the chance to see Miriam Makeba on Paul Simon's Graceland tour and had already been a fan of so many of her recordings. She passed away yesterday at age 76. Thank you for all you gave and all you endured. Ms Makeba, known as Mama Africa, was born in Johannesburg in 1932 and was a leading symbol in the struggle against apartheid. Complete bio after the jump. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/7719417.stm Continue reading "RIP - Miriam Makeba"  Posted by Raymond Powers at 10:24 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Ojai Film Festival – Slide Show  Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival – Slide Show"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 11:54 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio November 08, 2008 Ojai Film Festival – Day 2 President-elect Obama's press conference was 30 minutes late getting started, so I hopped on my bike to make the 12:30pm screenings. Seeing how the film maker's party would be there, I decided to stay for all the screenings. I got there just after the doors had closed. I slipped into the back row as a moderator was speaking of Hope Frazier. It took me a minute to figure out she was speaking of the film Hope made about her hometown and how it complimented the main feature, then lights were dimmed and the first film began. PROCRASTINATION is a 4 minute animated short from the UK by student film maker Johnny Kelly. Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival – Day 2"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 08:28 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 07, 2008 Ojai Film Festival 2008 Photo Slide Show Coming Soon! “Will someone please shove something up my #$@ AND MAKE ME FEEL LIKE I'M ALIVE AGAIN!!!" That quote is from a disgruntled guest attending last year's OFF film makers party. I laughed remembering the situation which prompted the remark as I bicycled to the Ojai Valley Inn to pick up my press credential. This year, festival organizers hope to erase the memory of last year's debacle with a strategy to bring the festival's profile up a notch. Leading the way is OFF chairman David Shor . With sponsorship from Ojai Valley Inn & Spa and the first Annual Ojai film Festival Celebrity Golf Classic, along with an expanded program, organizers have a long range vision of attracting a wider regional audience. I ran into David at OFF's makeshift office at the inn's Shangri la Pavilion. He was in a mad dash of finish last minute details before the opening night party that included a silent and live auction, golf tournament award ceremony, and the traditional free outdoor movie screening. Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival 2008"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 11:12 AM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio Radio Ojai and the Ojai Film Festival If you attended the free screening last night at the Inn, I would love to have you on today's show. Contact me and I will fill you in on the details. Participants will also get an official Radio Ojai fridge magnet! Among the screenings tonight, at 5:30 is Tru Loved , a light-hearted story about the teen daughter of lesbian moms, and at 8:00 is Mulligans - called The Graduate for a new generation - the story of an affair between a father and his son's best friend from college. More information here. Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:19 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio November 03, 2008 RIP- Yma Sumac - Pachamama I first heard Yma Sumac when I was a little boy. My mother had her first album. I was captivated by the evocative nature of her voice. She passed away today at the age of 86. Bio after the jump Continue reading "RIP- Yma Sumac - Pachamama"  Posted by Raymond Powers at 09:59 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio October 31, 2008 Radio Ojai: Sergio Aragones The Ojai Film Festival asked me to be their official podcaster this year, which led me to an amazing interview with Sergio Aragones , the world's fastest cartoonist and creator of the 2008 Ojai Film Festival poster and program cover. Sergio talked with me about his life as a cartoonist, his 40 years with MAD Magazine, his love of film and what brought him to Ojai 25 years ago. At 71 years old, with a handle bar mustache, long gray pony tail and deep Spanish accent, I found him to be engaging and utterly charming. If I sound a bit giddy, it's because I'm smitten! Listen here (9 minutes, 30 seconds). Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:33 PM | Permalink | author bio October 29, 2008 Ojai Film Festival: Just One Week Away! November 6th - 9th Short films and feature-length… Serious and comic… Documentaries and narratives… From emerging filmmakers and well-known pros. During this world-class festival, 57 hand-selected, juried films will be screened twice at Ojai venues from Thursday, November 6 through Sunday, November 9. Here’s just a sample of the films we’ll be showing on the big screens: *A moving documentary of a family’s struggle that puts a human face on America’s health crisis. *The latest feature film from master animator Bill Plympton. *Personal stories and interviews with religious leaders and scientists, portraying forgiveness as the element that unifies humanity. *What happens when a Native American attorney must re-examine old, abandoned beliefs. *An exploration of the creative process in the life and work of a master artist, reflecting our deepest impulses to make form out of spirit. *The Graduate for a new generation – when mom finds out about the affair between dad and their son’s best friend. Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival: Just One Week Away!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 03:18 PM | Permalink | author bio October 25, 2008 Stop the Trucks: City Council Candidate, Betsy Clapp, Answers Our Election Year Questions (photo credit to Ray Smith, Daly Road Graphics) 1) Do you now or have you in the past personally supported "Stop the Trucks!" Yes, I have and I will continue to do so. 2) If so, please give examples of actions you have actually taken. I have donated money. I am also actively speaking out about your organization "Stop the Trucks" and letting people know that I will do everything I can to support the cause when I am elected. 3) Do you believe the Ojai City Council should take a more active role in the truck campaign, such as providing funding and legal support? The City Council has agreed to give financial support to the "Stop the Trucks" organization. There are some legal hurdles that need to be addressed, but I believe we need to find a way to make it happen. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: City Council Candidate, Betsy Clapp, Answers Our Election Year Questions"  Posted by Howard Smith at 02:41 PM | Permalink | author bio October 23, 2008 Stop the Trucks: County Planning Officials Failed to Heed Warnings About Potential Road Collapse Danger Apparently Still Being Ignored by Planning Division (All pictures are courtesy of Maureen and Dan Smith, Wheeler Hot Springs) In a August 21, 2006 letter regarding the Ozena Valley Ranch Mining project, the Board of the Ojai Valley Municipal Advisory Council warned Christopher Stephens, then the Director of Planning for the Ventura County Planning Division and now the head of the entire Resource Managment Agency for the County, that "SR-33 has suffered many landslides and slipped roadways in past years. The vibration created by the mine's trucks on SR-33 may be adding significantly to the problem of road slippage, slumps, and slides. No review of vibration as a potential impact on SR-33 has been included in the Draft MND and vibration from trucks may present a significant adverse impact on the environment." In February of 2008 a portion of Route 33 collapsed into the river. Below are a dozen photographs of the damage done, indicating the collapse was far more significant than originally reported. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: County Planning Officials Failed to Heed Warnings About Potential Road Collapse "  Posted by Howard Smith at 04:31 PM | Permalink | author bio October 21, 2008 Kaufers Create Music Video in Support of Obama Local musician and activist Lanny Kaufer and his son Aran recently created an inspiring new music video in support of Barack Obama. Lanny originally recorded his “Time to Believe” Martin Luther King, Jr-inspired song in 2004, when he created his album, "The High Road," with an all-star band and notable background vocals by the late, great June Pointer of the Pointer Sisters. Then, this year, with original producer Cody LePow at the helm, they brought in Ojai's own James Antunez to replace Lanny's lead vocal with his soul jazz stylings. Aran Kaufer just recently created a video for it and put it up on YouTube in support of Barack Obama's campaign. Echoing the song's refrain, Lanny says that, "Now's the time to believe in the good we can do." The Kaufer family's first YouTube video, "You Rock, Barack," accessible from this YouTube link under the heading "more from: kaufer2008," has been viewed by over 25,000 people since December. A third Obama video, "Rise," a solo project by Aran, can also be found there. Posted by Sally Carless at 06:45 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio October 20, 2008 Ojai Film Festival Announces Slate of Films FILM FESTIVAL DATES November 6-7-8-9, 2008  PRESS CONTACT: Maureen McFadden (805)966-0190/momcfadden@aol.com Ojai’s Ninth Annual Film Fest  2008 SLATE OF FILMS ANNOUNCED ALONG WITH CELEBRITIES Ninth Annual Ojai Film Festival spools out its programs November 6 – 9 with 57 independent films, lifetime achievement honor ceremonies, and a seminar to fill in the four-day event. Hosting sponsor and headquarters for the festival is the premiere AAA five-diamond award-winning resort, the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa. Ojai has become a viable path for filmmakers and their work to get noticed. Hollywood producer, Peter Guber said of the Ojai FF at the podium of the Toronto Film Festival last year, “Ojai is the next Telluride!” That festivalis like Ojai, a four-day event focused on films one would not otherwise see in the mainstream but of a very high caliber. Artistic Director, Steve Grumette, who was one of the founders of the festival in 2000 said, “There are so many more films being made since the advent of digital technology, and in the past eight years, the festival has sent over a dozen films on to win the highest honors in the industry, including Academy Award nominations and Oscars.” Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival Announces Slate of Films"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:29 PM | Permalink | author bio October 18, 2008 Ojai Day 2008 In Pictures Ojai Day was awesome today. Great turnout, a ton of booths, perfect weather - we had a great time. Hope you enjoy the photos. There's a secret toy surprise at the bottom of the box.. Continue reading "Ojai Day 2008 In Pictures"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:26 PM | Permalink  | Comments (8) | author bio October 16, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Ojai City Council To Help Fund "Stop The Trucks" Effort "Stop the Trucks" has turned its attention from Diamond Rock to the Ozena Valley Ranch and Gravel mine. At Tuesday night’s City Council meeting the council agreed to give financial support to the Stop the Trucks Coalition, after a victory for the citizens’ group in August... “After this agreement has been worked out, keeping the Diamond Rock Mine’s trucks out of Ojai, it has been pretty clear to me that whatever this group did, they did it successfully,” said Mayor Sue Horgan. For Nao Braverman's full story go to the Ojai Valley News Blog at: http://ojaivalleynews.blogspot.com/2008/10/council-to-help-fund-stop-trucks-effort.html Posted by Howard Smith at 05:59 PM | Permalink | author bio October 15, 2008 Local Artist Highlight Alexandra Mooney is this year’s Featured Artist for the Ventura Artwalk . View her work at ArchiTexture Salon, 25 South Ventura Avenue, during Harvest ArtWalk Weekend on October 18-19. Alex uses a digital camera to create images that resemble abstract paintings. Anca Colbert has a show this month at Gem Quest featuring rare and original Vintage Travel posters. Cool stuff from Europe, South America and Asia. Click to enlarge the photos Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:52 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio October 14, 2008 Ojai Day Bed Races are back OJAI DAY NEWS:THE BED RACES ARE BACK! This traditional Ojai event offers street fair favorites along with Mandala Painting, Bed Races, and much, much more. October 2008 - Ojai, CA The spirit and flavor of Ojai is perfectly captured on the third Saturday of October (October 18, 2008) from 10 a.m. – 5 p.m. Two of the interactive favorites are back: the Mandala Creation and the Bed Races. Continue reading "Ojai Day Bed Races are back"  Posted by Chris Wilson at 06:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio October 13, 2008 New Music on Radio Ojai from Chronic Stew Here is a tasty morsel from Ojai band, Chronic Stew. You will recognize a few faces from Myridian, now on hiatus. They play a mix of original songs and classic rock covers. Check out their MySpace page and catch them at their upcoming local performances at the Deer Lodge and the Village Jester next month. By the way, there are 19 other free and downloadable original songs by local musicians on Radio Ojai for you to enjoy! Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:24 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Ojai Day 2008 to include a wine and beer garden Ojai Lions Club hosting a Beer and Wine Garden at Ojai Day 2008 If you love a good Pac 10 rivalry and a cold frosty beer as part of your Saturday activities, then make a point of being at Ojai Day on October 18 in downtown Ojai. Ojai’s premier cultural event and street fair has taken another step forward this year by providing a beer and wine garden in the Los Caporales parking lot next to Libbey Park. And a big screen TV will be set up in the beer garden for the football game between the Stanford Cardinal and UCLA Bruins beginning at 2 p.m. Note able Nordhoff High School Alum Micah Reed is the center for the Bruins. Continue reading "Ojai Day 2008 to include a wine and beer garden"  Posted by Chris Wilson at 10:12 AM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio October 12, 2008 STOP THE TRUCKS: Ojai City Council to Meet Tuesday on how to Deal with Ozena This Tuesday, October 14th, at 7:30 pm the Ojai City Council will meet for its regular session. Part of the agenda will be devoted to discussions on how to co-ordinate efforts to deal with the Ozena Valley Ranch & Gravel Mine's proposed renewal and modification of their C.U.P. with the County of Ventura. Given the well documented negative impact of these highly disruptive and polluting mining and trucking operations on agriculture, fishing, the economy, our water supply, our environment and the health of our children, the "Stop the Trucks" Coalition urges everyone in the Ojai Valley to attend and share your opinions with the City Council. Posted by Howard Smith at 09:52 AM | Permalink | author bio STOP THE TRUCKS: Ozena Wants to Expand Hours of Trucking Thru Ojai and Hand Pick the Consultant who will Review their new Proposal! (Trucks passes through town on Ojai Ave & Montgomery, photo credit to Ray Smith, Daly Road Graphics) In documents recently obtained by the Ojai "Stop the Trucks" through a Ventura County Public Records Request, the Coalition has learned that Ozena wants to alter their existing permit so that trucking through the Ojai Valley will begin as early as 3:00 am and continue as late as 6:00 pm during the week with "No Route Restrictions" at all on Saturdays! This proposal would more than double trucking from a total of seven hours a day during the week to a new and even more intrusive and disturbing 15 hours a day! In a recent review of weigh tickets from 2007, the "Stop the Trucks" Coalition estimated that Ozena is likely now violating existing permit hours in trips through Ojai by as much as 55%. In a letter to "Stop the Trucks," County CEO, Ms. Marty Robinson, agreed with the Coalition that violations have been under reported by the Planning Division. In a further review of emails obtained through that same Records Request, we found that the agent for Ozena, John Hecht of West Coast Environmental & Engineering, rejected the consultant the County originally selected, URS, because: "...the proposed costs did not appear in line to the anticipated scope of work. Ozena believes that a competitive process will provide a qualified CEQA contractor in a more cost effective manner." In a separate email Mr. Hecht then went on to propose the names of three other firms: Continue reading "STOP THE TRUCKS: Ozena Wants to Expand Hours of Trucking Thru Ojai and Hand Pick the Consultant who will Review their new Proposal!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 09:22 AM | Permalink | author bio STOP THE TRUCKS: County CEO Finds Ozena Violations Greater Than Reported In a letter to the Ojai "Stop the Trucks" Coalition, Ventura County CEO, Ms. Marty Robinson, wrote: "After the CEO's office reviewed the July and August 2007 weigh tickets tickets communicated by the RMA" (Resource Management Agency) "a statistically significant sampling of the 649 original tickets was conducted by our office and it was determined that potential northbound violations were omitted from consideration by the Planning Division. If these potential northbound violations had been included , the number of violations would have been materially higher..." "Stop the Trucks" had previously reported that upwards of 55% of all Ozena related trips through the Ojai Valley were likely in violation of these rules. Continue reading "STOP THE TRUCKS: County CEO Finds Ozena Violations Greater Than Reported"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:18 AM | Permalink | author bio October 10, 2008 Art Events in Ojai Two great annual art events in Ojai this weekend - be sure to check out the Ojai Studio Artists Tour and the Art "B" Tour . There are some amazing artists throughout the Valley, including my partner, AliSun Trees , who painted the piece above, exhibiting at Ecologic Life on S. Montgomery Ave. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:43 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio Emy Reynolds to perform on Ojai Day "Teen Stage" Hello Ojai! This is the first in a series of press releases that I'll be posting here about the activities, events and performers you'll be treated to at Ojai Day 2008. Video of Emy Reynolds performing at Ojai Day 07. She'll be performing on the "Teen Stage" at 1 p.m. this year. The entire release is posted after the jump. For more info about Emy see her website or her myspace . And check Ojai Day website for more details on the event. Continue reading "Emy Reynolds to perform on Ojai Day "Teen Stage""  Posted by Chris Wilson at 01:10 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio October 08, 2008 The Book Boogie Woogie on Radio Ojai Lisa interviews Dean Adams, Ted Richey and Julie Albright, who join her to discuss this weekend's Book Boogie Woogie at Libbey Bowl. Tune in here. Hat tip to Kenley Neufeld , who suggested the interview! Posted by Lisa Snider at 02:52 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Ojai Celebrates Art from the Ojai Valley Museum... First juried art exhibit at the Ojai Valley Museum, October 18 – November 16. This special exhibit showcases art by seventy artists working in a wide variety of media (painting, photography, printmaking, book art, sculpture, ceramics and mixed media), each inspired by an Ojai Valley theme. Reception and award ceremony will be on Ojai Day, October 18th from 3-5 p.m. Admission to the museum will be free that day. 130 W. Ojai Avenue, Ojai. (805) 640-1390 for more information. some cool photos after the jump. Continue reading "Ojai Celebrates Art"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:40 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio September 26, 2008 OJAI FILM FESTIVAL ARRIVES SOON! Continue reading "OJAI FILM FESTIVAL ARRIVES SOON!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 04:31 PM | Permalink | author bio Ojai Music Festival Annual Meeting PR - The Annual General Meeting of Ojai Festivals, Ltd. will be held on Saturday, October 4, at Azu Restaurant in Ojai. A buffet lunch will begin at 12:30 pm with the general meeting commencing at 1 pm. Continue reading "Ojai Music Festival Annual Meeting"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:07 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio September 23, 2008 Swing Music in Ojai I have the distinct honor of serving on the Ojai Valley Library Friends and Foundation Board and we are organizing a special swing concert right here in Ojai. It is a Benefit Concert for Ojai Valley Libraries with the Ventura Jazz Orchestra on Saturday, October 11th. This will be the final event at Libbey Bowl before it begins its remodel. Details and the official press release for the event are after the jump - follow the link below. I hope you can make it out and support our local libraries. Please purchase tickets early. Tickets are on sale now at Ojai Library. Continue reading "Swing Music in Ojai"  Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 07:53 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio September 22, 2008 RAY BRADBURY at the Ojai Film Festival, Saturday, November 8th Posted by Howard Smith at 04:45 PM | Permalink | author bio September 21, 2008 Robben Ford Benefit Concerts A quick note from Robben's partner Anne regarding today's Robben Ford Benefit Concerts... Hello All, Please note that Robben's concerts at Matilija are at 4 and 7:30, there was some confusion about the start times. The concerts are sold-out, however, we have heard from a few people that bought tickets that they won't be able to attend, and they have re-donated their tix to sell to others. If you or someone you know would like to attend and don't have tix, please just show up at Matilija Jr High School with $35 cash in hand. I also think we can accommodate 20 or so walk-ups. see you there! Anne Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:25 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio September 20, 2008 Local Song Gets National Attention Friend of Radio Ojai, Smitty West , sent me a hilarious song by the Sarah-Dippity Singers, "Wasilla Girl," which he recorded last week in one day in his Ojai studio. He sent it to me on Tuesday and I only just now got around to posting it. Meanwhile, it has already played on Air America Radio on the Thom Hartman Show, and John Kerry's office grabbed it for an Obama rally this Saturday in North Carolina. Take a listen , all the way through, because the ending is priceless. I wonder if Sarah Palin has heard it yet? Posted by Lisa Snider at 02:35 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio September 16, 2008 Richard Wright, Pink Floyd Founder, Dies From Bloomberg : "Richard Wright, a founding member of U.K. rock band Pink Floyd whose keyboard lines were an integral part of its psychedelic sound, has died. He was 65." Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:52 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio Smart and Sassy Artistic Historic Women of Ojai from the Ojai Valley Museum... The second in a series of three Sunday talks about the Smart and Sassy Artistic Historic Women of Ojai at the Ojai Valley Museum, gave the audience an insight into the lives of two dedicated and talented women who were each formidable in their own generation. The first was Julia Morgan who lived from 1872-1957 and Hope Frazier who lived from 1947-2007. Continue reading "Smart and Sassy Artistic Historic Women of Ojai"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:04 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio September 15, 2008 Delaney Gibson's CD Release Show 9/19 at Zoey's More details on Delaney's Web site . Continue reading "Delaney Gibson's CD Release Show 9/19 at Zoey's"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 02:54 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio September 14, 2008 Comic Relief I hope I can stop laughing long enough to post this piece by Garrison Keillor. What a pity he lives in Lake Wobegon and not in Ojai! If you need some comic relief, read on... Continue reading "Comic Relief"  Posted by Suza Francina at 04:19 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio September 09, 2008 Open Thread: Fleet Foxes Edition I just heard about these guys. What are you listening to? Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:51 PM | Permalink  | Comments (11) | author bio September 07, 2008 Getting to Know Brian Cox I thought it would be interesting to get to know the real Brian Cox, so I sat down with him to talk about bee farming in the Ojai Valley, and a couple other things. Brian talks a little about what has affected the bee population, how not to get stung and why it’s important to close the door to the honey room. He also talks about being the lone conservative voice on these pages and gives a plug for a presidential candidate. Tune in to the full 12-minute interview on Radio Ojai , where you can also hear an interview with Smitty West and new music from Delaney Gibson. Posted by Lisa Snider at 01:31 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio September 06, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Ventura County Officials Finally Admit there are Problems and MAC Candidate Jerry Kaplan Responds to our Election Year Questions (Caltrans photo of the collapse of Maricopa Highway in Cuyama Valley) Last week in a Ventura County Star article by Tony Biasotti, Ventura County officials conceded that there are significant problems in the Planning Division but the real questions is this: Are they Willing To Change? http://www.venturacountystar.com/news/2008/sep/04/officials-concede-land-use-problems/ According to Biasotti Ventura County officials hosted an unusual meeting in a conference room just off of the courthouse cafeteria. "Everyone on our team has affirmed we have a problem here," Matt Carroll, the top deputy to County Executive Officer Marty Robinson, said at the opening of the meeting. "The facts speak for themselves." "Complaints about the system from developers and property owners are nothing new..." " But this time, the county is listening and often agreeing..." "Last year, the county commissioned a report on its land-use procedures by Tom Berg, a consultant who once held (Chris) Stephens' current position as Resource Management Agency director. Based on interviews with 75 people in and out of county government, Berg's report concluded that the land-use process was in need of "systemic changes." "The county put together a committee of high-level managers, including Carroll and Stephens, to analyze Berg's recommendations and start putting them into action." Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Ventura County Officials Finally Admit there are Problems and MAC Candidate Jerry Kaplan Responds to our Election Year Questions"  Posted by Howard Smith at 02:33 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio September 01, 2008 Stop The Trucks - Second Election Edition Do You Support this Vision of Ojai? (Downtown Ojai in Winter, photo credit to Lauren Simone) Or This Vision? (A traffic at the "Y." Photo credit to Daly road Graphics, Ray Smith) Suza Francina was the first of the five candidates competing for two City Council vacancies to respond to our questions for candidates. (see below) "Stop the Trucks" hopes the other City Council candidates and those running for the MAC (Municipal Advisory Council) will take a few moments to answer a few questions online . We would like each candidate to share their thoughts with the public on the how they intend to deal with the long term threat posed by gravel trucking through Ojai and the blind eye that the Ventura County Planning Division is seemingly paying to regular daily violations of the existing Conditional Use Permits (C.U.P.'s). Continue reading "Stop The Trucks - Second Election Edition"  Posted by Howard Smith at 03:09 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio World Affairs Council Presentation: When China Ruled the Seas, the Treasure Fleets of the Ming Dynasty 1405-1433 The World Affairs Council CA Central Coast Presents: When China Ruled the Seas, the Treasure Fleets of the Ming Dynasty 1405-1433. September 11, 2008 at the Ventura County Maritime Museum 2731 S. Victoria Avenue Oxnard, CA 93035 5:30 p.m. -7:30 p.m. (Reception with appetizers and no-host bar 5:30-6:30, presentation 6:30-7:30) Cost: $15 members, $20 non-members During the Opening Ceremonies for the Olympics, China celebrated the achievements of the great navel fleets of the Ming Dynasty, events hardly known or recounted in the West. By 1405 China had been a powerful empire for nearly two thousand years. The crown jewels of Emperor Zhu Di’s navy were his Treasure boats. These behemoths, nearly half the size of World War II aircraft carriers, were largest wooden sailing ships ever built. And although the wealth they carried back to China was staggering, it created conflict between the two factions that served the emperor; the Military and the Mandarin bureaucrats. After the emperor’s death, the chief Mandarin sought to undermine the power of his foes by decreeing that the fleets be grounded, the records destroyed and overseas trade forbidden. The result crippled China for the next 600 years - a decline that is only being reversed today as witnessed during the Olympics. Continue reading "World Affairs Council Presentation: When China Ruled the Seas, the Treasure Fleets of the Ming Dynasty 1405-1433"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:45 AM | Permalink | author bio August 30, 2008 No More Nathan: Larramendy Gallery Closing? I received this somewhat cryptic email today. I always enjoyed walking by the gallery and checking out the latest exhibits. Cassandra Jones' show was great, and the Men of Ojai Calendar launch party was a blast. Best of luck to Nathan in his next incarnation. Dear Friends, As I move on to the next leg of my career in promoting the arts, I no longer feel that having a static "brick and mortar" space is essential to cultivating rich and innovative art experiences. My passion to provide opportunities for artists and the art community remains the same. Please stay tuned for future projects presented by Nathan Larramendy – it will only get better! Continue reading "No More Nathan: Larramendy Gallery Closing?"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:53 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio August 29, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Sneaking Through Town on Grand Avenue??? Ray Smith of Daly Road Graphics sent us these notes and photographs about Gravel Trucks in which it appears that trucks coming and going from Santa Paula are driving on residential streets. If true this would a clear violation of local road and traffic regulations. While we await further confirmation, here is Ray's first person report: " I spotted another truck near my home. Apparently, they are coming from Santa Paula, but instead of going through downtown via Ojai Avenue, they cut north to Grand Avenue. They head east, turn onto West Summer St., then south on Canada to pick up Ojai Avenue again. This is the third time I've seen one do this. " Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Sneaking Through Town on Grand Avenue???"  Posted by Howard Smith at 03:22 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio OJAI FILM FESTIVAL Posted by Howard Smith at 03:13 PM | Permalink | author bio Ojai Education Foundation: 2008 Garden of Knowledge The Ojai Education Foundation hosts its third annual Garden of Knowledge benefit Sept. 13, from 3:30 to 8 p.m., in the gardens of Marc and Julia Whitman in Ojai . The event features gourmet food, art, music and entertainment. Works by national and internationally acclaimed local artists will be auctioned; Nordhoff High School Dance Department students will perform and Matilija Junior High School science teachers will give a physics demonstration. Some of Ojai’s best-known artists’ work will be sold in a silent auction. Artists include Gayel Childress, Bert Collins, Sherri Loehr, Elisse Pogofsky-Harris, Julia Pfeifer, Jeff Sojka, Bruce Tomkinson, Leslie Thompson, Elaine Unzicker and Nancy Whitman. Collectors’ pieces will be raffled from Otto Heino, Ted Gall and Beatrice Wood. Artists Edward Morgan and James Menzel-Joseph will demonstrate the creative process during the event. OEF will also honor its Educational Hero of the year. The cost is $100 per person, which includes a complimentary raffle ticket. Sponsorship opportunities are available. To purchase a ticket or request a sponsorship, call 805-669-3075, e-mail info@ojaief.org or log on to www.ojaief.org . The Ojai Education Foundation is a nonprofit organization that provides programs to benefit Ojai youths in public schools. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:28 AM | Permalink | author bio August 23, 2008 Toots and the Maytals - Ventura Toots and the Maytals at myspace Posted by Brian Cox at 04:17 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Stop the Trucks: Election Year Edition Do You Support this Vision of Ojai? Or This Vision? (A double hopper stuck in traffic at the "Y" heads into the heart of Ojai on Route 150/Ojai Avenue.. Photo credit to Daly road Graphics, Ray Smith Monday, May 6, 2008) With five candidates competing for two City Council vacancies and several of the MAC (Municipal Advisory Council) seats also facing competitive races, the Ojai "Stop the Trucks!" Coalition is asking everyone running for office to take a few moments to answer a few questions online . We would like each candidate to share their thoughts with the public on the how they intend to deal with the long term threat posed by gravel trucking through Ojai and the blind eye that the Ventura County Planning Division is seemingly paying to regular daily violations of the existing Conditional Use Permits (C.U.P.'s). Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Election Year Edition"  Posted by Howard Smith at 10:03 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio August 14, 2008 Ojai Valley Museum The Ojai Valley Museum is looking for a few good volunteers. They are a historic and valued member of our community, and if you haven't been over there to check out their installations, it's well worth the visit. Read on to find out a bit more about two of their volunteers and how you can get involved. The picture is of Judy Mercer and Richard Hoye, volunteers in the Collections department of the Museum. They are holding an antique Kellog telephone that was a gift to the museum from Bettie Pente of Ojai in 1987. It is one of hundreds of interesting items housed in the Museum's Collections. Continue reading "Ojai Valley Museum"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:52 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio August 13, 2008 April Hendrix to Debut New Band, New Sound April Hendrix, Ojai’s own soul star, will debut her new band and original songs on Sunday, August 24, beginning at 6:30 PM at The Farmer & the Cook, 339 W. El Roblar Drive in Meiners Oaks . Well known around the county and beyond as the lead singer for blues outfit Baby Sister and soul/funk band Soul Star Express, April is forging ahead with a brand new sound combining elements of soul, blues, rock, funk and hip hop. She has been hard at work writing songs with partners from across the musical spectrum and now has assembled a smoking hot band to deliver her sound to the world. Anchored by bassist Aron Von Alstine and drummer Greg Weiser, her band includes local favorites Sunny Erickson on guitar and David Gorospe on keys, both members of the popular funk groove band Euphoria. The daughter of a professional backup singer, April Hendrix comes from a strong musical lineage. Besides her famous cousin Jimi, her uncles “Spud” and Jerome Hendrix were stalwarts of many Ventura county bands. Often traveling with her mother on the road, April’s earliest memories of performing are in the backseat of the car, singing along with her mother’s demo tapes. But Sharon “Muffy” Hendrix made her daughter promise she would get an education before she pursued a music career. So April found a way to do both. Continue reading "April Hendrix to Debut New Band, New Sound"  Posted by evan austin at 10:37 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio August 07, 2008 Art Review of Hank Pitcher at Sullivan Goss Continue reading "Art Review of Hank Pitcher at Sullivan Goss"  Posted by Steve Sprinkel at 10:05 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Get to know Keaton the drummer In taking a break from serious political discourse and pressing local issues. Check out this new teen pop video that recently debuted on Nickelodeon. The drummer is Ojai's own Keaton B. Posted by Chris Wilson at 12:05 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio August 06, 2008 Open Thread: Soggy Bottom Edition (and here's the real deal ...) Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (12) | author bio August 05, 2008 World Affairs Council Presentation World Affairs Council CA Central Coast When China Ruled the Seas, the Treasure Fleets of the Ming Dynasty 1405-1433. Speaker: Howard Smith September 11, 2008 Location: Ventura County Maritime Museum 2731 S. Victoria Avenue Oxnard, CA 93035 Time: 5:30 p.m. -7:30 p.m. (Reception with appetizers and no-host bar 5:30-6:30, presentation 6:30-7:30) Cost: $15 members, $20 non-members By 1405 China had been a powerful empire for nearly two thousand years. The crown jewels of Emperor Zhu Di’s navy were his Treasure boats. These behemoths, nearly half the size of World War II aircraft carriers, were largest wooden sailing ships ever built. And although the wealth they carried back to China was staggering, it created conflict between the two factions that served the emperor; the Military and the Mandarin bureaucrats. Continue reading "World Affairs Council Presentation"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:40 PM | Permalink | author bio Ojai Film Festival Party In Paradise OJAI FILM FESTIVAL PARTY IN PARADISE FEATURING Music by: Julie Christensen & the Household Gods WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 13, 2008 6 – 9 P.M. GLEN MUSE, 815 Libbey Ave., Ojai, CA 93024 Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival Party In Paradise"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:17 PM | Permalink | author bio July 22, 2008 Open Thread Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (12) | author bio July 19, 2008 Alex Grey - Visionary Art Los Angeles Last night, Ali-Sun and I went to the Visionary Art LA show, hosted by visionary artist Alex Grey and his wife Allyson. Following an artist panel and a raw vegan meal, the electronica got thumping, artists manned their canvasses and the party went on until the wee hours... Continue reading "Alex Grey - Visionary Art Los Angeles"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:15 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio July 17, 2008 Art Show At Ojai Community Bank Years after studying at the Academy of Art College in San Francisco, award winning local artist, Edie Simone, has returned to her first passion, oil painting. Twenty five diverse oil paintings by Edie are being presented at Ojai Community Bank, 402 W Ojai Avenue July 1 - August 30. Already well known around the valley for her gourd art, Edie’s work has been sold by art galleries throughout the western states and the Ojai Valley Museum. Continue reading "Art Show At Ojai Community Bank"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:32 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio July 09, 2008 New Art Show At Ojai Community Bank Twenty five diverse oil paintings by local artist, Edie Simone, are being presented at Ojai Community Bank, 402 W Ojai Avenue July 1 - August 30. Continue reading "New Art Show At Ojai Community Bank"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:09 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio HELP US STOP THE TRUCKS! Send your donations to the Stop The Trucks! Coalition – c/o The Ojai Chamber of Commerce, P.O. Box 1134, Ojai, CA, 93024, or you may also walk your contribution into the Chamber’s offices anytime during the business week, at 201 S. Signal Street -- in the Ojai Festivals building -- in downtown Ojai. HELP US STOP THE TRUCKS! By Michael Shapiro, Chairman / Stop The Trucks! Coalition Repeating what I wrote last week in my Ojai Valley News Guest Editorial -- various news reports about the recent Santa Barbara-based Diamond Rock Mine didn’t tell the full story. It is simply not true that the Stop the Trucks! Coalition prevailed during the recent hearings before the Santa Barbara Planning Commission, and that’s why we’re appealing the decision of the Santa Barbara Planning Commission to approve the Diamond Rock Mine’s Environmental Impact Report (EIR). If we don’t, it paves the way for the granting of their Conditional Use Permit (CUP) and simultaneously strips-away any of Ojai’s legal rights to challenge them in the event that they “change their minds” and hundreds of rock and gravel mine-transport trucks end-up careening through Ojai after all. Continue reading "HELP US STOP THE TRUCKS!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 05:04 PM | Permalink | author bio Ancient Hebrew Chants & Meditation This just in from Gaelle Lehrer Kennedy: Saturday, July 19, 2008 9:00 A.M. – 10:00 A.M.  Ancient Hebrew Chants & Meditation All are welcomed to participate in this beautiful hour of raising the soul’s journey into love and oneness.  Temple K’Hilat Ha’Aloneem  530 W. El Roblar  Meiners Oaks Donations to Temple appreciated Please feel free to bring a prayer shawl. Posted by Howard Smith at 04:54 PM | Permalink | author bio July 07, 2008 Open Thread: Ani Edition Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:18 PM | Permalink  | Comments (30) | author bio July 03, 2008 The Salad States of America? TRUE or FALSE: The motto of the United States, E pluribus unum , was taken from an ancient Roman salad recipe. Continue reading "The Salad States of America?"  Posted by evan austin at 07:16 AM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio July 02, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Ojai Complains of Gravel Trucks on Highway 33 (photo credit, Rob Varela, Ventura County Star) Below are some of the highlights from Ventura County Star reporter Tony Biasotti's article last week. "Until last year, it was common for Bob Walker to wake up before dawn to the sound of grinding engine brakes, as a caravan of gravel trucks passed his house. 'When they're coming through at 2:30 or 3 a.m., and you're sleeping, it gets pretty loud,' Walker said during a recent interview at his home, just north of Ojai on Highway 33. 'At one point, it was an everyday thing.'" …But many Ojai residents still chafe at what they see as enough truck traffic to turn their bucolic city into a loud, smoggy, congested mess. Ventura County (Planning Division), they say, has ignored their concerns. Walker filed three complaints against one mining company, starting in 2005, and said the county never acknowledged any of them until a few months ago. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Ojai Complains of Gravel Trucks on Highway 33"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:47 PM | Permalink | author bio June 28, 2008 Ojai Film Festival Volunteer Needed for Microsoft Access Volunteer with knowledge of Microsoft Office Access needed ASAP to help with the Ojai Film Festival. Microsoft Office Access, previously known as Microsoft Access, is a relational database management system from Microsoft that combines the relational Microsoft Jet Database Engine with a graphical user interface and software development tools. It is a member of the 2007 Microsoft Office system. Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival Volunteer Needed for Microsoft Access"  Posted by Howard Smith at 03:03 PM | Permalink | author bio STOP THE TRUCKS: Mine Opponents Suspect Official Bias (photo credit to Ray Smith, Daly Road Graphics) In Thursday’s Ventura County Reporter, Editor Bill Lascher wrote: “A broad coalition of Ojai residents, environmentalists, business owners, public officials and educators launched a blistering attack June 17 on county planners overseeing permits for mining operations. Ventura County Chief Executive Officer Marty Robinson confirmed county officials plan to discuss allegations in a letter sent by Stop the Trucks Coalition Vice-Chair Howard Smith about oversight of the controversial Ozena Valley Ranch mine.” For the full story go to: http://www.vcreporter.com/cms/story/detail/mine_opponents_suspect_official_bias/6073/ Some further highlights: “Frustrated by what they perceive to be lax enforcement of planning regulations, Smith and his allies called for the ouster of a key Ventura County planning official for decisions related to the mine, which is located several miles north of Ojai, east of State Route 33. Continue reading "STOP THE TRUCKS: Mine Opponents Suspect Official Bias"  Posted by Howard Smith at 02:06 PM | Permalink | author bio June 24, 2008 Open Thread: Quiet Edition This song, Quiet Inside , was written and performed by a good buddy of mine, Andy Tubman of The Jane Does . It was featured over the closing credits in the movie "The Jacket" featuring Adrien Brody and Keira Knightley. A fan did the slideshow underneath the song. Hope you enjoy. Continue reading "Open Thread: Quiet Edition"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:46 PM | Permalink  | Comments (33) | author bio Guest Editorial: Elin Suleymanov, Consul General of Azerbaijan Back in May, a free music event was held at Matilija Auditorium and Glen Muse, featuring Mugham, the classical music of Azerbaijan. The Consul General of Azerbaijan , Elin Suleymanov, has written a story that looks back upon their visit. Check it out, its a great read. Bringing Azerbaijani Mugham to Ojai By Elin Suleymanov When I first visited Ojai it reminded me of the Caucasus Mountains of my home- Azerbaijan. Perhaps, this almost nostalgic feeling made coming back to Ojai inevitable. Moreover, when planning California concerts of Mugham, the most spiritual part of Azerbaijan’s musical heritage, a performance in Ojai seemed an obvious choice. After all, what could a better place for a concert of the music strongly influenced by Sufism than a community so familiar with spiritual teachings? Continue reading "Guest Editorial: Elin Suleymanov, Consul General of Azerbaijan"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:07 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio June 21, 2008 Investing in Social Change WACA Social Change.pdf The World Affairs Council of America, California Central Coast Chapter Proudly Presents: Mohammad Khalid Sham Social Business: Investing in Social Change and International Responsibility A native of Bangladesh, Mr. Sham is experienced in government and non-government sectors. He is closely involved with Nobel Peace Prize-winning Grameen Bank and its family of organizations. He has also worked in the Ministry of Agriculture and the Bangladesh Agriculture Development Corporation Lunch Presentation Thursday, July 10, 2008 12 - 2 pm Camarillo Library Community Room 4101 Las Posas Rd Camarillo, CA 93010 RSVP to Ashley Bailey (805) 299-2394 or by email WACA@paladinprinciple.com By Monday, July 7th $30 WACA Members $35 Non-Members Posted by Howard Smith at 07:40 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio June 17, 2008 Jen To Strike Again! This is just in from the NY Times website: June 17, 2008 Oregon woman plans to parade topless on July 4 By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Filed at 6:51 p.m. ET ASHLAND, Ore. (AP) -- A woman seen frequently in Ashland riding topless on her bicycle says she plans to be in Ashland's Fourth of July parade free and independent of all clothing but a hemp G-string. The Chamber of Commerce says that's contrary to the rules for the family celebration. She says she'll sue if she can't parade as she wishes. Jen Moss has been known as ''The Naked Lady'' since she moved to Ashland in May from Ojai, Calif., drawn by the town's nudity laws. They specify only that people must cover their genitalia in a city park or the downtown commercial district, which means Moss need not cover her breasts. The police in California, she says, harassed her when she rode her bicycle wearing a G-string and pasties. Moss applied for an entry for the parade, which draws thousands each year. The Ashland Chamber of Commerce learned of her coverage plans from an online posting. She promised to lead in-line skaters ''wearing only a hemp G-string and blowing a conch shell.'' ''We don't feel that someone in the parade who is topless or nearly naked is appropriate for a family audience,'' said parade chairman James Kidd. Continue reading "Jen To Strike Again!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 04:09 PM | Permalink  | Comments (49) | author bio June 10, 2008 The Confessions of Cassandra The Ojai Music Festival is known for its adventurous spirit, for its lust for risk -- musically speaking. In turn, Libbey Bowl audiences are known for their patience, and often they are rewarded with the unforgettable. When Steve Reich's difficult Four Organs was premiered in New York in the early l970's, a near-riot erupted. When played for the first time on the west coast In Ojai in the same era, the piece piqued interest and resulted in a recording (according to a story recounted by Mark Swed in today's Los Angeles Times .) Last Saturday night at Libbey Bowl the festival broke away from its celebration of the hypnotic music of Reich for an exploration into the outer limits of voice and music today. The evening began with a baffling piece in which one woman alone sang wordlessly against an array of electronica without a beat. But what followed was something else. Mesmerizingly so. Described as a spoken opera by composer Michael Jarrell, Cassandre is actually a monologue with orchestral support, but most of all it's a stunning piece of writing, drawn from the ancient myth of Cassandra, as written by one of the greatest of German writers today, the novelist Christa Wolf . Barbara Sukowa, a compelling actress with a guttural voice, growled her way through an English translation of the monologue. This was the West Coast premiere of the piece. Here's how it begins: Cassandra is a ruined woman. Once she was a princess, but now she has been brought low by a god.Because she refused Apollo, he spit into her mouth, and forever after she was cursed to speak the truth to all, but be believed by no one. Sounds like the Al Gore story, said one fellow in my section. Continue reading "The Confessions of Cassandra"  Posted by Kit Stolz at 10:51 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio June 08, 2008 Ojai Wine Festival 2008 As the major annual fundraiser for the Rotary Club of Ojai West , empowering them to donate over $20,000 annually to our community and charities around our nation and world, the Ojai Wine Festival is quite an event. This year was the Festival's 21st year, featuring at least 38 wineries...ALL from California and MANY very local (there are microbreweries too!) My wife and i first attended in 2005, to celebrate our near-to-the-date first wedding anniversary. We brought friends, cheese, and crackers...and made a tradition. Full story (and video!) at ojainews.com Posted by evan austin at 07:53 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 29, 2008 My Memorial Day 2008 Many of you may remember when i last attended the Memorial Day events here in the Ojai Valley in 2006, after which i wrote this report which brought up issues of patriotism, accountability, veteran-civilian relations, and the meaning of supporting the troops while opposing the war. This year's Memorial Day was quite different for me, but not so much because of the local events. i have made some significant personal strides relative to the above issues by listening to the testimony of warriors at the Winter Soldier 2008 event, responding to my brother's choice to join the Marine Corps Reserves, reading some of the local veterans' stories in their book "Ojai Valley's Veterans Stories", and connecting to local organizers of Iraq Veterans Against the War. *** At this time in 2006 i didn't have a nine-month-old daughter, so i was a little slower getting out the door this time. i missed the pancake breakfast at the American Legion building in Oak View, but caught the last half of the parade, where i noted several violations of the Federal Flag Code . After the parade a sizable crowd gathered at Longhorn's Feed & Supply to hear speakers and for the awarding of the parade trophies. i approached as Ms. Shelley Rhoades was reading the same poem she read last time in Libbey Park, while Boy Scout Troop 503 did the same enigmatic flag-passing ceremony. i began to wonder what was going to happen at the park. Some guy took the "stage" and led us all in prayer to a Christian God, thanking him for our community and lifestyle and for helping us preserve it, in Jesus' name. Veteran Al Wescott sang his original song "Soldiers, Sailors, and Tired Old Men", just like he did in 2006. The teen girls in their long satin dresses and label-sashes gave out awards to everything from a bagpiper to a llama (although i think it was an alpaca, technically) to "pooper scoopers". People clapped and cheered, then left. Continue reading "My Memorial Day 2008"  Posted by evan austin at 02:31 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio May 23, 2008 Ojai Memorial Day 2008 from the Ojai Valley VFW ... On Monday May 26th , the VFW of Ojai will be having a Memorial Day Service/Program at Libby Bowl. The program is from 12 noon until 2:30pm. The United State Air Force Band from Vandenberg Air Force Base will be performing. There will also be Army memorabilia and vehicles, Wall of Remembrance, Patriotic Singers: Richard Lyons & Ellen Johnson, and Veteran Speakers. It is being sponsored by Rabobank, The Ojai Lions Club, Ojai American Legion, The United States Army, Rotary Club of Ojai-West, and the Ojai American Legion Women's Auxiliary. There will also be a free breakfast for veterans at the American Legion Hall in Ojai that day from 7am to 10am. For questions or more information, call Capp Loughboro at 642-0241. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:24 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio May 22, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Santa Barbara Gravel Haulers Prohibited Through Ojai Photo courtesy of Daly Road Graphics & Ray Smith Story By Chris Meagher at The Santa Barbara Independent Gravel Haulers Prohibited Through Ojai, Los Padres Trucks Brake for Highway 33 "The main artery through Ojai, State Route 33 sits in western Ventura County, just a few miles from the Santa Barbara County border. Along Route 33 sit schools, hospitals, shopping malls, and Ojai’s busiest intersection. What it will not accommodate — to the relief of many Ojai residents — is the daily rumbling of hundreds of semi trucks carrying thousands of pounds of gravel to construction sites throughout Santa Barbara and Ventura counties..." “The Highway 33 corridor is not suitable for these big trucks,” said 1st District Planning Commissioner Michael Cooney..." "...Michael Shapiro of the Stop the Trucks Coalition, citing the air quality impact on the health, safety, and welfare of those living or traveling near Route 33, said industrial traffic through Ojai would have had a palpable and “scary” impact on residents, creating an industrial feel that could potentially harm the valley’s income from its reputation for arts and tourism. “It [would have] totally, adversely affected the economy,” Shapiro said..." Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Santa Barbara Gravel Haulers Prohibited Through Ojai"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio May 21, 2008 Stop The Trucks: Praise for Ojai in the Press Photo courtesy of Daly Road Graphics & Ray Smith On involvement If you're going to complain, get involved From Bill Lascher, Editor of the Ventura Reporter: "As has been groused about numerous times on these pages and society in general, too many people whine about the actions taken by government and other institutions without ever taking action to challenge those institutions. Some lament in Ventura County that red tape and not-in-my-backyard-minded activists hinder progress. Yet, without a vigilant active community little would be done to help the vast majority of our citizens, many decisions would be taken with myopic profit motives and few socially minded initiatives would get off the ground...." "...Now, the first signs are emerging of other successes by local activists, even as new fights take shape...." "...Ojai residents concerned about mining truck traffic along Route 33 have scored something of a victory and will have a chance to ensure that victory holds May 14. That day, the Santa Barbara County Planning Commission will consider final action on the proposed Diamond Rock mine. After criticism of the mine's plans to use Highway 33 to transport material and other environmental concerns that might impact Ventura County more than Santa Barbara County, the plan was altered to prevent trucks from traveling south on 33, to reduce its production rates and truck trips to avoid situations where those truck trips might be necessary, and to address other environmental concerns. It is a testament to the continued involvement and dedication of Ojai and Cuyama Valley residents - as well as the mine owner's willingness to discuss community concerns - that such progress was made..." Continue reading "Stop The Trucks: Praise for Ojai in the Press"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:01 PM | Permalink | author bio Libbey Bowl makeover The Ojai Music Festival is leading the way in a $3 million Libbey Bowl renovation. Based on an OVN article , it appears that the bowl is a tear-down, with a working 2010 timeline. Both [Ojai Music Festival executive director Jeff] Haydon and [architect and former mayor David] Bury expressed confidence in the 2010 time line for the project. "We are hoping the design process will take about a year," Bury said. The construction company Jones and Jones will be doing the dismantle and rebuild, which is expected to take from eight to 12 months after the bureaucratic process is complete. "Culturally and historically, this is a really important project and some people want to be involved just because of that," said Bury, "so I think we will get a lot of advice from the experts." Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:03 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Bravo! in Libbey Bowl Ojai Music Festival's, BRAVO! music education program is giving a free concert in Libbey Bowl this morning at 10am. Check it out! Posted by Demitri Corbin at 09:26 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 10, 2008 Suﬁ Music of Azerbaijan This free music event, hosted and funded by the Consulate General of Azerbaijan in LA, looks really interesting. Mugham, the classical music of Azerbaijan, is usually a suite with poetry and instrumental interludes. The sung poetry sometimes includes tahrir segments, which use a form of throat singing similar to yodelling. The poetry is typically about divine love and is most often linked to Sufi Islam. In contrast to the mugham traditions of Central Asian countries, Azeri mugham is more free-form and less rigid; it is often compared to the improvised field of jazz. Tuesday, May 13, 2008 6.30 – 8.00 p.m. FREE Location: Matilija Auditorium 703 El Paseo Rd. Ojai, CA 93023 Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:07 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio May 08, 2008 Ojai's Alive Arts & Music Festival Here's a press release I just put together for some great seniors at Besant Hill School (Happy Valley) HAPPY VALLEY SENIORS LEAVE LEGACY OF MUSIC & ART For high school seniors graduating this spring from Besant Hill School of Happy Valley, part of the requirements for receiving a diploma is completing a final project. Three of these students, Dar Naghshineh, Dylan Keenen, and Madeline O’Connor, are organizing a fund-raising event at the Upper Ojai campus that will bring together music, art and food for an afternoon of free entertainment. Continue reading "Ojai's Alive Arts & Music Festival"  Posted by Chris Wilson at 10:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio May 02, 2008 Libbey Bowl Survey As you may know, Libbey Bowl is aging and in need of repairs or even rebuilding. Following is a survey created by the Ojai Music Festival to give needed input on Libbey Bowl as they help the City of Ojai compile information it needs in rebuilding Libbey Bowl. There is information about the status of the Bowl, vision for moving forward, a request for your input, and an invitation to attend a meeting included in this survey. The survey responses will be compiled after Sunday, May 13th. Take the Libbey Bowl Survey here. My fondest Libbey Bowl memory is actually from before we moved here. We were camping in Wheeler Gorge for a couple nights, and came into town to watch a movie being shown in Libbey Bowl. We sat on the benches, looking up through the magnificent oaks, where Mars was at is closest point to the earth and shone through, between the branches of the tree. Magical moments like that make Ojai one of the greatest places in the world. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 07:20 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio April 30, 2008 Ojai Film Festival Seeks Volunteers -- VIP Tickets Now On Sale Enriching The Human Spirit Through Film Ojai Film Festival seeks volunteers for its' 9th annual edition with dates November 6 through 9 (previously in October). Host Sponsor for 2008 Festival is the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa. Volunteers are sought in all areas. Please contact the film festival office and find out how you can get involved as a volunteer NOW. Call now (805)640-1947 or e-mail: info@ojaifilmfestival.com Volunteer applications are also available at the film festival office at 111 West Topa Topa by appointment only. Please phone ahead (805)640-1947. Continue reading "Ojai Film Festival Seeks Volunteers -- VIP Tickets Now On Sale"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:19 PM | Permalink | author bio April 21, 2008 Save the Date - Spring Harvest Family Picnic & Ice Cream Social Slow Food Ojai / Ventura hosts Spring Harvest Family Picnic & Ice Cream Social Children can sample locally grown fruits and veggies and participate in making (and eating!) fresh, homemade ice cream the old-fashioned way with hand-cranked ice cream makers. Join Slow Food Ojai/Ventura and local families in celebration of Spring in Ojai and our local harvest. Sunday, May 18 1:00 - 4:00 Soule Park Families should bring their own lunch and beverage and a blanket to sit on. Slow Food Ojai/Ventura will organize the ice cream making and tasting, harvest tasting, and a few games for the kids. A donation of $5 per family is requested. Parking at Soule Park is $4. For more information email slowfoodojai at sbcglobal dot net. Posted by Leslie Davis at 02:37 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio April 20, 2008 Shut Up and Be Happy! Music Video is a Finalist In The International Student Film Festival The following is a "link" of an explanation of Why and How the music video "Shut Up and Be Happy" was made (featuring some Ojai Locals). It's a short 3min film of the film maker, Dvorah Adler talking to the judges and voting audience about the film. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8pks8v3iiM To see the original entry & song: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qev6xgnvdKY=related Posted by Dvorah Adler at 03:02 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio April 17, 2008 Life After Taxes There is life after taxes (even though said taxes are funding the estimated $3 trillion war bill and and annual $54 billion in nuclear weapons , which are all about Death), and in the Valley of Plenty, there's lots of living to be done: Tomorrow (Friday April 18th, 2008) sees parents socializing about their joys and challenges and Besant Hill School students performing Broadway's 27th longest running musical . The long-fenced Wetlands Project between Nordhoff High and Meiners Oaks is newly restored and open once again to the public, and a rally and fundraising kickoff to Save Ojai Schools (from State budget cuts) will be held on Sunday April 20th at OUSD Headquarters. An ongoing art exhibit titled "A Sense of Place" will feature the paintings of local artist Tegan Hope at Busy Babes hair salon until May 31st, and the Ojai City Council will meet on Tuesday the 22nd at 7:30pm. That same evening, co-founder of afterdowningstreet.org , David Swanson, will be speaking at the Ojai Retreat on strategies for saving our Constitution, Economy and Environment. Just around the corner, the Ojai Storytelling Festival will open May 1st in Libbey Bowl, and an organizational meeting for Ojai's new locavore group is slated for May 10th ( sign up here ). Click on over to the Ojai Post for current discussions of global warming, downed power lines, ending the war, illegal immigration, 9/11, childbirth, and more! cross-posted at OjaiNews.com Posted by evan austin at 11:15 PM | Permalink  | Comments (12) | author bio April 10, 2008 "Stop the Trucks:" Expert cites problems in Ventura County's Resource Mangement Agency & Planning Division (photo courtesy of Daly Road Graphics & Ray Smith) On Tuesday afternoon, April 8th, members of "Stop the Trucks" coalition successfully testified before the Ventura County Board of Supervisors at their regular weekly meeting after a presentation by consultant Tom Berg, who had been hired to assess issues and problems at the county's Resource Management Agency which includes the Planning Division. The Coalition stressed the need for monitoring and enforcement of permit conditions, particularly of gravel mine operations, a fact that was reflected back by four of the Supervisors to County staff at the end of the meeting. The Planning Division currently is responsible for oversight of the Conditional Use Permit (CUP) issued to the Ozena Mine and Gravel operation. According to an article in the Ventura County Star by Tony Biasotti on Wednesday, April 9, 2008, Berg's noted that there are there are many ways in which the county could be more "transparent, predictable and accountable." And, " the system has some problems." Continue reading ""Stop the Trucks:" Expert cites problems in Ventura County's Resource Mangement Agency & Planning Division "  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:18 PM | Permalink | author bio March 30, 2008 STOP THE TRUCKS: Gravel Truck Owners Suing Ventura County In a news story written by Nao Braverman in Friday's Ojai Valley News, "owners of the Ozena Valley Sand and Gravel Mine and the Virgilio Family Trust filed a lawsuit against Ventura County last week, for allegedly changing the scope of their permitted operations without prior notice, hearing or environmental review, according to the lawsuit. They are also filing charges against the county for restricting the use of State Highway 33, which is allegedly in excess of the authority granted to the county, according to the legal petition." Continue reading "STOP THE TRUCKS: Gravel Truck Owners Suing Ventura County"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:47 AM | Permalink | author bio March 21, 2008 OJAI FILM FESTIVAL TO HONOR RAY BRADBURY AND RICHARD & LAUREN SHULER DONNER OJAI FILM FESTIVAL ANNOUNCES LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT HONOREES Richard + Lauren Shuler Donner and Ray Bradbury Malcolm McDowell Signs On As Honorary Chair of First Ojai Film Festival Celebrity Golf Classic VIP PASSES ON SALE NOW Early Entry Deadline for Filmmakers April 15 (Ojai, CA) Ojai Film Festival has announced it will produce two Lifetime Achievement Awards programs to honor high powered producers, Lauren Shuler Donner and Richard Donner, Friday, Nov. 7 as well as an American icon, Ray Bradbury on Saturday November 8 as part of its ninth annual event set to run November 6 through 9, at the five-diamond resort – the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa. Chairman of the Festival Board, David Shor enthused, “I am pleased and honored to announce, Ray Bradbury and the Donners' have accepted our invitation to be honored at the Ojai Film Festival with a Lifetime Achievement Award for their amazing bodies of work that have inspired and entertained so many people around the world. All the honorees have one thing in common – they can’t be categorized in any one genre. These are major developments for our festival.” Continue reading "OJAI FILM FESTIVAL TO HONOR RAY BRADBURY AND RICHARD & LAUREN SHULER DONNER"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:25 PM | Permalink | author bio March 11, 2008 Storytelling Festival Winner! ...and only entrant, Raymond Powers, with this delightful entry... It was Spring, yet I had lost that in my step. In my driveway lay a blue dragonfly, motionless and rigid like the brown earthbound autumn leaves. I picked up the winged one and placed it in my palm. So light, it's weight imperceptible in my hand. It seemed strange to have one born of flight, of air and river life, leave it's remains on an asphalt grave. A metaphor, my life in my hands. Breathing three times, gentle, warm, across the cross that lay so still. Then, a tremble, a tickle, a straight vertical ascension, above the treetops and out of sight. This is where the miraculous meets the mundane, and the future moves beyond our imagination. Congrats, Raymond. Please stay on the line and our producer will get your info and send you a package. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 04:18 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio March 09, 2008 EARTHLINGS A Yoga in the Ojai Valley DVD Review EARTHLINGS Nature Animals Humankind MAKE THE CONNECTION Watch the movie here: http://freedocumentaries.org/film.php?id=119 Written, produced and directed by Shaun Monson. Narrated by Academy Award Nominee Joaquin Phoenix. Music by critically acclaimed platinum artist Moby. This is the single most powerful and informative movie about society's treatment of animals! A must-see film for anyone who cares enough to know. -- Woody Harrelson The Humane Society calls EARTHLINGS "The definitive documentary film of all times that Americans don't want to see. " If I had to name one movie that I want everyone to see, including my family, friends and yoga students, it would be EARTHLINGS . Then they would understand why I am so adamant that human beings must speak out on behalf of animals. Continue reading "EARTHLINGS"  Posted by Suza Francina at 11:14 AM | Permalink  | Comments (15) | author bio March 06, 2008 Rubicon Theatre: Plays and Classes I recently attended the Rubicon Theatre Company's latest production, Bus Stop , starring Angela Christian, Jason Chanos and Ojai's own John Bennett Perry, the cowboy troubadour of the Ojai Valley Boys (and Matthew's dad). From the Web site: "Bus Stop is the 1950s romantic comedy about a group of travelers tossed together during a Kansas snowstorm. The film, by Academy Award and Pulitzer Prize-winner William Inge, starred Marilyn Monroe and Don Murray. While exuberant and comical on the surface, at its core this play is a tenderhearted tale of love, loneliness and longing, revealing our deep hunger for companionship and understanding. Rubicon’s production stars Broadway and West End actress Angela Christian and regional theatre sensation Jason Chanos, with screen veteran and Ojai resident John Bennett Perry as Virgil. Let the warmth of this great American classic melt your winter blues!” Continue reading "Rubicon Theatre: Plays and Classes"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 04:07 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 04, 2008 Ojai Storytelling Festival 2008 The 9th Annual Village of Tales Ojai Storytelling Festival is coming May 1-4, 2008. I'm looking forward to attending this year - I've heard so many fun stories about it, but haven't made my way down to Libbey Bowl yet. I have a pair of tickets to give away to the March 22nd Bill Harley and Niall de Búrca benefit , with proceeds to go to the Village of Tales Storytelling Festival. Bill Harley is a nationally acclaimed storyteller and winner of a Grammy Award while Niall de Burca is considered one of Ireland’s treasures. Let's try this for the giveaway. In honor of The Ojai Post's upcoming ten thousandth comment (today or tomorrow), leave a story in this thread, 100 words or less. I'll pick a couple impartial judges and the winner will get the tickets. Some basic ground rules - the story must be yours. It has to have happened in Ventura County. No plagiarism, embellishment accepted. Points for style, wit, humor and pathos. Contest closes at the end of Monday, March 10. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:32 AM | Permalink  | Comments (27) | author bio March 02, 2008 Amy Arani at the Ventura Theater I was lucky enough to catch local yoga teacher Amy Arani at the SoCal Musician showcase at the Ventura Theater Friday night. Amy plays piano and was backed by three Ojai musicians (Will Makiling on drums, Chris Foley on guitar, Dave Anter on bass) for most of her set. Amy's rich voice reminded me at times of Natalie Merchant, Cher, Sarah MacLachlan, Siouxie Sioux (remember the Banshees?) with a touch of Tori Amos. Comparisons aside, her voice is fantastic. Amy will be graduating from UCSB in a couple of weeks and hopefully focusing more on her music. Meantime you can visit her at http://www.myspace.com/amyarani . She's playing this Wednesday at the Experimental Cafe in Oxnard at 9:45pm. Posted by Heather McKenzie at 04:40 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio February 24, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Collapse of Route 33 (Photo by Troy Harvey/Special to the VC Star) In this Sunday's edition of the Ventura County Star, we see barracades divert traffic around a section of Maricopa Highway - Route 33 - about 10 miles north of Ojai that has collapsed into the North Fork of Matilija Creek. http://www.venturacountystar.com/news/2008/feb/24/portion-of-hwy-33-still-closed-to-traffic/ Only residents and emergency personnnel are allowed to use northbound lanes. For all other vehicles, the CHP expects a long-term closure of the highway between Lockwood Valley to the north, where most of the gravel mines in dispute are located, and Matilija Road and the Ojai Valley to the south. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Collapse of Route 33"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:59 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio February 23, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Highway 33 Bridge Collapses! over-pass-work2.pdf In today's Ventura County Star: Saturday, February 23, 2008, from staff reports: Bridge on Highway 33 Collapses: No One Hurt A bridge support beam failure caused 130 to 150 feet of embankment along south-bound Highway 33 above Ojai to slide into the North Fork of Matilija Creek on Friday evening, authorities said. The roadway was empty at the time of the collapse and no one was hurt, California Highway Patrol officials sad. The bridge, located 10 to 12 miles north of Ojai, reportedly gave way about 6:15 p.m., according to the CHP. Only southbound lanes were affected, officials said and northbound lanes remained open to residents and emergency personnel. For all other vehicles, the CHP expects a long-term closure of the highway between Lockwood Valley Road to the north and Matilija Road to the south. Caltrans crews worked to repair the roadway Friday night, authorities said. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Highway 33 Bridge Collapses!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:00 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio February 14, 2008 Stop the Trucks: Complaint Against Ozena Christmas in Ojai from Daly Road Graphics On February 1, 2008 "Stop the Trucks," filed the following formal complaint against the Ozena Mine with the head of the Ventura County Planning Division, Kim Rodriguez: Please consider this letter on behalf of Ojai residents, John Broesamle, Howard Smith and the “Stop the Trucks” coalition a formal request to re-open the investigation of possible C.U.P violations on August 14, 2007 in the operation of gravel trucks in conjunction with the Ozena Valley Sand and Gravel Mine. The Ojai “Stop the Trucks Coalition is comprised of the City of Ojai; Forestwatch; the Ojai Valley Chamber of Commerce; the Ojai Valley School District; the Ojai Valley Board of Realtors; and many hundreds of private citizens. In your September 27, 2007 letter to Howard Smith (prepared by Pat Richards) and your January 8, 2008 letter to John Broesamle, the department denies both complaints of early morning and late afternoon CUP truck violations by citing the weigh tickets provided to the Planning Department by Ozena. After an extensive forensic study of the weigh tickets turned over to the Planning Division by the agent for Ozena, John Hecht of West Coast Environmental & Engineering, “Stop the Trucks,” now firmly believes that the use of self-prepared weigh tickets, which appear to be the sole tool used by the division to monitor truck traffic, is not valid. It is a method in which the results can seemingly be manipulated at will by the mine operator; and/or the weigh master; the trucking contractor; and/or their designated drivers; and may result in fraud or misrepresentation of the facts. Clearly they fail the test as the evidentiary basis for any claims, pro or con. Details of our review are in the “Analysis” provided both below and attached separately. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Complaint Against Ozena"  Posted by Howard Smith at 04:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Happy Valentine's Day! Favorite Love Songs? In honor of Valentine's Day, NPR recently shared their listeners' favorite love songs on their show, "All Songs Considered." There are a lot of interesting picks, some that I had never heard of - not your typical mainstream collection. I can't believe Marvin Gaye's "Let's Get It On" didn't make the list. And the one my husband and I love, The Smith's, "A Light That Never Goes Out," also didn't make the cut. What could be more romantic than these lyrics: "And if a double-decker bus/crashes in to us/to die by your side/is such a heavenly way to die./And if a ten-ton truck/kills the both of us/to die by your side/well, the pleasure, the privilege, is mine?" Romantic, funny and sad all at once. What's your favorite love song? What are you doing for V-day? Do you have a V-Day wish for anyone? Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:27 AM | Permalink  | Comments (20) | author bio Invisible Children Can A Story Change The World? In the spring of 2003, three young Americans from California left in search of such a story. What they found was a tragedy that disgusted and inspired them. Come, and discover the unseen. INVISIBLE CHILDREN showing @ 9:30 Friday night (after 27 Dresses) at the Ojai Playhouse/Theatre. Movie is free, but donations are appreciated. Invisible Children Mission Statement: Invisible Children improves the quality of life for war-affected children by providing access to quality education, enhanced learning environments, and innovative economic opportunities for the community. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:51 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio Yoga in the Ojai Valley - Happy Valentine's Day! Your Daily Yoga Vitamin: Backbends for a Healthy Heart Continue reading "Yoga in the Ojai Valley - Happy Valentine's Day!"  Posted by Suza Francina at 06:38 AM | Permalink  | Comments (17) | author bio February 12, 2008 Yoga in the Ojai Valley Your Daily Yoga Vitamin: Supported Legs Up the Wall Pose During the course of a typical day, most people spend 16 hours with the head above the heart and the legs and pelvic area below the heart. Because of this, one of the first poses I teach students of all ages, is "Legs Up the Wall Pose." Supported Legs Up the Wall Pose (Viparita Karani in Sanskrit), known as Yoga’s Great Rejuvenator, is a gentle, inverted pose that can be practiced by almost everyone. It is a safe position that most people can hold long enough so that gravity can return the blood from the extremities to the vital organs. Inverted Poses:The Elixir of Life Continue reading "Yoga in the Ojai Valley"  Posted by Suza Francina at 04:05 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio February 09, 2008 Album Review: Jack Johnson's "Sleep Through The Static" Jack Johnson lives in Hawai'i with his wife and kids, loves the natural world, and makes a brand of laid back, mostly acoustic rock that's popular in local surf communities like Santa Barbara and Ventura in addition to being highly palatable for nearly all radio-cafe-mall playing. He also has been to Ojai to play Locally Grown 1. Jack's fourth studio album, Sleep Through The Static , comes with this description: My friends and I have just finished recording a new album called Sleep Through the Static. At this point in my life I weigh about 190 lbs and my ear hairs are getting longer. I also have a couple of kids. My wife popped them out, but I helped. Some of the songs on this album are about making babies. Some of the songs are about raising them. Some of the songs are about the world that these children will grow up in; a world of war and love, and hate, and time and space. Some of the songs are about saying goodbye to people I love and will miss. Continue reading "Album Review: Jack Johnson's "Sleep Through The Static""  Posted by evan austin at 01:07 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio February 08, 2008 GROWING UP NAKED: Rain Perry Relives Her Hippie Childhood, in Song and on Stage Ojai's native daughter, singer/songwriter Rain Perry, will open a ground-breaking show this weekend at Theater 150, guided and supported by her many wonderful friends, including Kim Maxwell, JB White, Deb Norton, Peter Bellwood, and Guy Webster. Her show is about growing up as a "wild child" raised by a hippie dad, and the good and the bad of that. I hope all of Ojai comes out to see it, because it's both funny and thoughtful, in Rain's inimitable style. For more, plus a taste of one of the songs she will sing, please see a fuller post at my site, a slightly modified version of the cover story in this week's VC Reporter . For now, here's a picture from Guy. Emotionally speaking, Rain bares all in this show. That's part of what makes it so touching. Posted by Kit Stolz at 10:55 AM | Permalink  | Comments (14) | author bio February 07, 2008 It's This or Jail: 6 Great Plays This Weekend at T150 Deb Norton, Co-Artistic Director of Theater 150, has been working with me and five other playwrights for the past 12 weeks to create six 10-minute plays. We've all submitted our final scripts and they are now in the hands of T150's very talented actors, who will read the plays this weekend. Come on down for the readings on Saturday the 9th at 5pm and Sunday the 10th at 4pm. Purchase tickets for $10 here . Continue reading "It's This or Jail: 6 Great Plays This Weekend at T150"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:54 AM | Permalink | author bio Yoga In the Ojai Valley Your Daily Yoga Vitamin -- Downward Facing Dog Pose The Downward-Facing Dog Pose, known in Sanskrit as Adho Mukha Svanasana, is named for the way dogs and other animals naturally stretch their bodies several times a day. The shape of the pose resembles a dog stretching, with the arms and hands stretched out like a dog’s forepaws; the shoulders, spine and chest stretching; and the pelvis and tail bone high up in the air, stretching as far back away from the hands as possible. When dogs stretch, they do so with great enjoyment--with all their heart and soul and a smile on their face! Stretching daily in Downward-Facing Dog removes a lifetime of stiffness from the body and develops spinal strength and agility. Continue reading "Yoga In the Ojai Valley"  Posted by Suza Francina at 07:33 AM | Permalink  | Comments (12) | author bio February 02, 2008 Yoga in the Ojai Valley Your Daily Yoga Vitamin -- the Yoga Splits For a larger view of this inspiring pose: http://www.suzafrancina.com/media/JHJacobs_060609_055_suza.jpg This joyous, exhilarating pose is known in yoga as Hanumanasana , the Monkey Pose. When you practice this fabulous stretching pose, it feels--and looks like-- you are taking a giant leap! This powerful stretch, with the arms reaching up toward the heavens represents a "leap in consciousness," a change from one stage of life to the next. The inspiring teacher demonstrating the pose is in her 70's. Hanumanasana is a fun pose to practice at the end of your yoga session, when your body is nice and warmed up from practicing Standing Poses, Downward Facing Dog Pose, Lunges and other Yoga Basics. In the beginning, the pose can be practiced by placing a bolster and folded blankets under the hips and pelvis. Photo of Betty Eiler by Jim Jacobs. Posted by Suza Francina at 09:41 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio January 31, 2008 The Dog, the Cat and the Rat visit Santa Barbara Thanks to Peggy LaCerra for sending me this! "The Best Peace Sign!!" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D85yrIgA4Nk Posted by Suza Francina at 08:33 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 29, 2008 Poetry At The Village Jester Starting this coming Monday, Tree Bernstein will host a regular poetry reading series at The Village Jester Restaurant & Pub on the first Monday of each month. The evening will start with an open mic at 8PM and a featured poet at 8:30. This coming Monday, February 4th, the series will kick off its feature with poet and Ojai Poetry Festival co-founder James P. Lenfestey and his collection of poems inspired by the 1200-year-old Chinese hermit poet Han-shan, including titles such as "Han-shan is the Cure for Warts," and "Thinking of Sex Like the Chinese." This is an evening not to be missed. Posted by Robert Peake at 08:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (19) | author bio Homeless Art Bob Ballard is doing great things for the homeless. He is bringing them an opportunity to create. And he is doing great things for art lovers. He is bringing them art from an unlikely place: homeless shelters. He is doing all of this because he wants to shift perceptions. The story of Ballard's nonprofit, Hearts of Fire , is in this week’s VC Reporter . Excerpt: Hearts of Fire has become a burning passion for Ballard, who admits, “I’m not trying to solve any problems, not find them housing and food. I’m just looking for a way for them to express themselves.” His next project is to bring the art tour local and travel up and down the coast to the five counties suffering the brunt of homelessness. This year, he will focus on 25 shelters from Santa Barbara southward, with art workshops followed by local exhibits that can be attended by the artists themselves. “We’re just really excited about what’s going to happen next,” he said. This is only on newsstands until tomorrow, but you can always check it out online (but the newsstand version is better because you will get a better look at the featured artwork). See the music video that inpired Ballard's work after the jump. Continue reading "Homeless Art"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 11:00 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio January 28, 2008 Soldiers Are Made To Die Hollywood and fans the world over were shocked last week when Oscar-nominated actor Heath Ledger, gaining fame for challenging roles in films such as Monster's Ball , Brokeback Mountain , and this coming summer's The Dark Knight , was found dead in his apartment with sleeping pills nearby, at the age of 28. Lauded personally as a "down-to-earth, generous, kindhearted, life-loving, unselfish individual", his death prompted remarks from such Hollywood heavyweights as Mel Gibson and Ang Lee, both of whom mourned the "tragic loss" of a young life. On the same day as Ledger's death, 20-year-old Army Sergeant Michael R. Sturdivant of Conway, Arkansas died in Kirkuk, Iraq " of injuries sustained in a vehicle accident during convoy operations ". Those who knew him praise his service-oriented attitude, dedication, and volunteerism. His life was marked by a good heart and kind words. Needless to say, Sturdivant's untimely and tragic death received only local attention . And why is this? Is an actor's life worth more than a soldier's? Is a tuxedo more prized than camouflage? Many will unhesitatingly (although with some disgust) answer "Yes!", and it would seem that the evidence is on your side. i answer "Yes" also, but not because i believe that one life or vocation is worth more than another. i believe that Mr. Ledger's tragedy is so because it was UNEXPECTED. The difference for Mr. Sturdivant is that death is one of the accepted risks of his job. Rarely mentioned or stated explicitly, to be killed is one of the things a soldier - and those who send him or her into battle - can EXPECT. Soldiers are made to die, and war was made to kill them. Continue reading "Soldiers Are Made To Die"  Posted by evan austin at 10:37 PM | Permalink  | Comments (23) | author bio January 26, 2008 Tonight: Joe Reilly Thanks for the tip from Ojai Post author, Kenley Neufeld : As part of his West Coast tour, singer/songwriter Joe Reilly will make a stop in Ojai to play at the WE ARE ALL RELATED Concert For The Earth , tonight, Saturday, January 26, 2008, 7:30 pm at EARTHPLAY ECO STORE, Ojai Ave, Ojai, $10 Presale, $12 at the door, 640-6844. His "The Michigan Song," a politcal and humorous look at the politics of water in the Great Lakes, can be heard on Radio Ojai. Posted by Lisa Snider at 02:13 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio January 25, 2008 Writing in Ojai on a rainy day. A rainy day book review: Writing Begins with the Breath. These rainy days are great for writing! I've already gone through four pieces of Rudi's Organic Apple 'n Spice bread (not as good as Farmer and the Cook apple walnut muffins but good enough to fuel the brain) and, in between checking the Ojai Post, am actually getting some work done! I am a self-taught writer. Almost forty years have flown by, but I still recall the day I triumphantly placed my first newspaper column, thick with white-out, on the desk of Fred Volz, the grand editor of the Ojai Valley News. Through sheer desperation and force of will, in the midst of taking care of my two-year old son Bo, I managed to turn my messy pages into a sparkling published masterpiece --or so it looked to me! A few weeks ago I found a book sitting on a chair near my front porch. When I saw the title, "Writing Begins with the Breath," for me, a yogi-writer, it was love at first sight! I thought to myself, "Wow! Just what I need!" Destiny dropped this book in my lap just in the nick of time, as I am about to embark on a very personal writing adventure. Continue reading "Writing in Ojai on a rainy day."  Posted by Suza Francina at 09:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio January 23, 2008 A Downpour of News The rain continues steadily, with a forecast for continued sky-water through Saturday night (AccuWeather) or Monday (Weather Channel) . Our local Police and Highway Patrol are reporting no road closures or major accidents, but there are many flooded areas which are mostly marked with cones and/or signs. As always in the rain, simply be cautious and aware, reduce your speed, and increase your stopping distance. Continue reading "A Downpour of News"  Posted by evan austin at 05:38 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 17, 2008 Azure Sol to Play the Village Jester Change whatever plans you have for Saturday night and head down to the Village Jester to hear live original music performed by Azure Sol. A couple of weeks ago, Bill and I ended up at the Jester for a late lunch (mmm, sweet potato fries). While we were there, Azure Sol auditioned for Nigel. The lead singer, Jessica Standley, has a beautiful voice - bluesy and soulful. The band is sort of folksy with contemporary beats blended in. They will be really fun to dance to. I just enjoyed listening, not only because it's so nice to hear original music, but because their music has a contemplative quality, too. To hear their single, "Imaginary Friend," tune into Radio Ojai . Sounds a bit like Indigo Girls' "Closer to Fine." Posted by Lisa Snider at 03:17 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio After the Rain, a Smattering of Headlines Happening in the Valley today and into the weekend: " Bringing Up Baby " at the Nan Tolbert Nurturing Center in Oak View begins today (which i can personally vouch for as an excellent parenting/partnering/caregiving experience with real benefit to our community and planet), followed by music, cooking, peace, and theater tomorrow. Saturday sees the 22nd Annual Peddler's Fair , free chiropractic, and tequila tasting. Sunday is all about more eating, more drinking...and supporting Democratic presidential candidate and Ojai visitor Dennis Kucinich . Continue reading "After the Rain, a Smattering of Headlines"  Posted by evan austin at 07:15 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 16, 2008 2008 Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration in Ojai Esteemed reader Lanny Kaufer sent me a release for this year's Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration with this note... "I have a special interest in this year's program. As a veteran of Dr. King's SCOPE project I registered "Negro" voters in rural Virginia in 1965-66. Through my association with King's organization, the SCLC, I met Deric Gilliard who lives in Atlanta and is a former Communications Director of the SCLC. By piecing together sponsors and speaking engagements at local schools, we (the Ojai Valley Youth Foundation and I) managed to entice him to come out here for a few days to share his first-hand knowledge of the Movement and many of the activists who embodied it." The eighth annual Ojai Valley Martin Luther King Jr. Day Celebration is Monday, January 21, 2008 from 11am-4pm at Libbey Park (fountain plaza) in downtown Ojai. The rain location is the Chaparral Auditorium. This year’s theme is “Where Do You Stand?” Nearly every school in the Ojai Valley will be participating in this free community-wide program. This youth-led event, presented by the Ojai Valley Youth Foundation, will include art, music, and the spoken word in a festive setting with food and activities for every age. Continue reading "2008 Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration in Ojai"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 08:40 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio January 11, 2008 Death of Bessie Smith at Zalk I'd like to recommend that you go see the play "The Death of Bessie Smith" by Edward Albee, at 8 p.m. tonight and tomorrow night only in Zalk Theater at Besant Hill School of Happy Valley in Upper Ojai. Admission is free. Two of my favorite talents are in the production. My son Eli as Barney a friendly fellow with a flask who appears for a few moments at the beginning of the single-act, one hour tragedy. Local blues singer April Hendrix, my other favorite local talent, sways and sings in back-lit silhouette as the ghost of Bessie Smith. John Diehl brilliantly plays the irascible father of Alexis Poole, a young nurse whose starched white uniform contrasts beautifully with her pitch black soul. Great dialog and a minimal, fabric-screen and wood frame set allow for a fun use of back-lighting and shadow play. Under the spirited direction of Scott Campbell, even the newest actors to the stage shine with star quality. Ivan Matip and Nachelle Sodetani both give outstanding stage-debut performances. The school's office release from their website follows.... Continue reading "Death of Bessie Smith at Zalk"  Posted by Chris Wilson at 11:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio January 05, 2008 2009 Ojai Poetry Festival Planning Meeting The annual planning meeting of the Ojai Poetry Festival committee will take place Tuesday, February 5th at 7:00 PM at the Ojai Public Library. The agenda will include themes, poets, format, and committee assignments for the 2009 event. Please RSVP to Jimfest [at] aol [dot] com if you are planning to attend (and, if you forget, just show up anyway). There will also be an informal gathering after the meeting to socialize and fondly remember our late founding committee member, Hope Frazier . Join us in continuing the tradition of one of the premiere literary events on the West coast. Posted by Robert Peake at 11:56 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio January 01, 2008 Hope Frazier Hope Frazier died Saturday night at her home in Ojai. She was 60. Hope was diagnosed in April with an aggressive form of colon cancer. Even though I live only a few blocks from her house and walk past it regularly, I was not aware that she was struggling for her life. I have many memories of Hope, who I met at a community gathering held at her house some years ago. I remember how she led me into her very funky art/writing studio where she explained, among other things, that she didn't waste a single piece of paper. Every scrap had some creative recycled use. I remember purchasing a wall hanging made of rice paper with a photograph of Grandmother Oak, taken at sunset the day before the tree was taken down. Underneath the image of Grandmother Oak was a poem called "Grandmother Oaks Last Pink Moment." ( After I first wrote this I learned that Hope's Grandmother Oak's Last Pink Moment monoprint, from a photograph made in Libbey Park, was the signature image of the Ojai Poetry Festival ) http://www.ojaipoetryfestival.org/regional_2007.html#frazier This morning I felt inspired to visit Hope Frazier's website, a place that reflects Hope's magic and her love of the natural environment and all living things. I discovered so many things about her, that I know will inspire my own Life and creativity in the coming New Year. I hope you too will visit her site, if you have not done so already. www.HopeFrazier.com This morning friends of Hope received the following e-mail message from her husband, Doug Adrianson, in which he shared some links to her obituaries. He wrote: "Below are links to what is appearing today in the Miami Herald and Pasadena Star-News. I'm sure the OVN will run something, but not until tomorrow. Please share these with the circle -- they may learn a few things about the old gal that they didn't know!" http://www.miamiherald.com/511/story/363108.html http://www.pasadenastarnews.com/news/ci_7850468 http://www.insidesocal.com/publiceye/2007/12/hope_frazier_rip.html Posted by Suza Francina at 01:09 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio December 23, 2007 The Holidays Are Here (And We're STILL At War) Not a new one, but still a good one. Click to listen: Brett Dennen - They Holidays Are Here (And We're Still At War) (Lyrics after the jump) Continue reading "The Holidays Are Here (And We're STILL At War)"  Posted by evan austin at 06:16 PM | Permalink  | Comments (14) | author bio December 12, 2007 Stop the Trucks: Gravel Mines Eye Expansion and a Clear Pattern of Risk Emerges from Smog Two recent articles in the Ojai Valley News and the Los Angeles Times highlight the ongoing problems created by massive numbers of gravel trucks coming through the Ojai Valley. The first is from the November 21st edition of the OVN by Nao Braverman in which she reports: "Traffic threat from Santa Barbara County mines remains..." "...Two new gravel mine expansion applications have Ojai Valley advocates concerned about an increase in truck traffic. Those community members are fighting to protect the quality of local air, noise and safety, particularly because the valley’s tourist-based economy depends on it…" Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Gravel Mines Eye Expansion and a Clear Pattern of Risk Emerges from Smog"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:49 PM | Permalink | author bio December 11, 2007 The Jules Verne Adventure Film Festival On Thursday evening, December 6 I attended the 15th Annual Jules Verne Adventure Film Festival at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles. On assignment for the Ojai Post, I joined my colleagues Michael Kelly and John Anthony Miller as they escorted renowned author Ray Bradbury to honored with the Jules Verne Lifetime Achievement Award. He joined fellow honorees Ted Turner, Jean-Michel Cousteau, Tippi Hedren, Tony Curtis and Buzz Aldrin. Patrick Stewart was president of the jury and Malcolm McDowell was the master of ceremonies. It was a night to remember. To explain how I joined such an esteemed company it is necessary to fill you in on the back-story… Continue reading "The Jules Verne Adventure Film Festival"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 03:26 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio December 07, 2007 Theater 150 Gala Opening Tonight As you may know, the former mortuary is Theater 150 's new home. I'll assume they did some serious saging of the property. Tonight is the gala opening of their new play, Inspecting Carol. Tickets are $50 per person. Performance begins at 8:00 p.m. Check it out and support local theater. Inspecting Carol A Christmas Carol meets The Government Inspector meets Noises Off in this hilarious alternative Christmas offering. A non-profit theater company rehearses A Christmas Carol, having dusted off this cash cow every season for nearly a generation. This year, though, their Dickensian money-maker will be thwarted by a stranger who might have the power to close their coffers for good. Everything goes wrong with their production, and hilarity is piled upon hilarity. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:57 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio Three Quick Reminders... 1. TOMORROW (Saturday the 8th) evening at 8pm in the Ojai Art Center Gallery is the " Spirited Christmas " jazz and blues dance/concert to benefit the Foundation for American Roots Music (FARM) in bringing back the Bowlful of Blues and the Roots-Music-in-the-Schools Program! Rock in the holiday season with the Jimmy Calire Quartet and special guest April Hendrix! 2. there are just three days left to vote for the Democratic presidential candidate who best shares your values of Peace, Justice, Environment, and Democracy in the Ojai Peace Coalition's poll on our new Action Blog . the poll can be found in the right-side column just below the opening frame. Vote! (then register for real voting just above the poll!) 3. wanna know what the agenda is for the upcoming City Council meeting? it's posted at OjaiNews.com along with a growing archive of past agendas and minutes! know what's on the table before you go! coming up on December 11: Council chooses our new Mayor! Posted by evan austin at 10:18 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio December 02, 2007 Music in 2007 - Rock and Prog Every year I usually put together a CD of my favorite music released that year. This is my best of list for 2007. Listed below are Song - Artist - CD Title . The order is how it will be on the CD for friends and family. 1. Trapeze - Patty Griffin - Children Running Through 2. Time is a Lion - Joe Henry - Civilians 3. Nantes - Beirut - The Flying Club Cup 4. Believe E.S.P. - Deerhoof - Friend Opportunity 5. Electric Alice - Grinderman - Grinderman 6. Frozen GTR - Thurston Moore - Trees Outside the Academy 7. Neon Bible - Arcade Fire - Neon Bible 8. Get Innocuous! - LCD Soundsystem - Sound of Silver 9. The Dull Flame of Desire - Bjork - Volta 10. House of Cards - Radiohead - In Rainbows 11. Life Moves On - Steven Jansen - Slope 12. Playground Martyrs (reprise) - Steve Jansen - Slope 13. Anesthetize - Porcupine Tree - Fear of a Blank Planet 14. Together We're Stranger - No-Man - Together We're Stranger 15. At the End of Time: Broad Chalke - Robert Fripp - At the End of Time Please share your top 10 (or 80 minutes worth of) songs from 2007. Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 10:10 AM | Permalink  | Comments (24) | author bio November 20, 2007 FARM presents "Spirited Christmas", December 8th FARM presents “SPIRITED CHRISTMAS” CONCERT featuring JIMMY CALIRE and APRIL HENDRIX DECEMBER 8, 2007 Foundation of American Roots Music (FARM), the non-profit organization behind Ojai’s famed Bowlful of Blues, will host a fundraising concert in the Ojai Art Center gallery on Saturday, December 8th beginning at 8 p.m. The evening, entitled “Spirited Christmas,” will feature the Jimmy Calire Quartet playing jazz arrangements of Christmas standards from his album of the same name followed by a holiday-themed blues dance with special guest vocalist April Hendrix. FARM, under the direction of blues impresario Michael Kaufer, hopes to bring back the Bowlful of Blues in the fall of ’08. The group also plans to reinstate its Roots Music-in-the-Schools programs that have reached many Ventura County children over the 20-plus years of the festival’s history. All proceeds from the December 8 event will be applied toward those goals. Holiday appetizers and an open bar will be available. Admission is $20 per person. Tickets are now on sale at Cardinali Brothers Music, 139 W. El Roblar Dr., Meiners Oaks; Ojai Creates, 606 E. Ojai Ave.; and Ojai House, 304 N. Montgomery St., Ojai. Any remaining tickets will be available at the door. Businesses are encouraged to reserve blocks of seats early for holiday staff parties by calling FARM’s information line at 646-7230. For more information, go to www.bowlfulofblues.com . Bowlful of Blues staff and supporters invite the community to bring in the holiday season in a swinging fashion while helping FARM bring back Ojai’s own Bowlful of Blues! Continue reading "FARM presents "Spirited Christmas", December 8th"  Posted by evan austin at 09:46 AM | Permalink | author bio November 16, 2007 Fun With Letters, Paper, and Ink Calling all wordies: are you addicted to Scrabble? Catch yourself stroking the watermarks of high-cotton-content paper? Always check the colophon of books you like to see what font was used? Then you might want to check this out: Lettre Sauvage's First Open Studio on Saturday, November 17 from 6-10PM. This is a letterpress studio in Santa Paula that has produced limited edition prints for such poets as Anne Carson and Stephen Dunn, and offers classes and workshops on the forgotten fine art of letterpress printing . Should be a hoot. Posted by Robert Peake at 08:58 AM | Permalink | author bio November 07, 2007 New Sculpture Arrives in Arcade Plaza From the City of Ojai Arts Commission.... Sculptor Michael Pedziwiatr’s cast bronze “Shelved Forms” has begun its one-year residency on display in the Arcade Plaza. The 102-inch-tall work is the latest in the rotation in Ojai’s Changing Sculpture Program, a key component in city’s Public Arts Program. The Ojai Arts Commission administers the city’s five-year-old Public Arts Program, which also includes art in such public places such as Cluff Vista and Rotary Community parks and the City Hall Collection, and in such private developments as the Oaks at Ojai, Su Nido Inn and the Perrett industrial project on Bryant Circle. Continue reading "New Sculpture Arrives in Arcade Plaza"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:00 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio November 02, 2007 10 Questions for the Dalai Lama From Sacred Space Studio: FILM SCREENING, HopeDance FilLMs Presents: 10 Questions for the Dalai Lama Saturday, November 3rd , 8:00pm, Sacred Space Studio, 410 Bryant Circle Suite A Why do the poor often seem happier than the rich? Must a society lose its traditions in order to move into the future? How do you reconcile a commitment to non-violence when faced with violence? These are some of the questions posed to his holiness the Dalai Lama by filmmaker and explorer Rick Ray. Ray examines in this documentary film some of the fundamental questions of our time by weaving together observations from his own journeys throughout India and the Middle East, and the wisdom of an extraordinary spiritual leader. Continue reading "10 Questions for the Dalai Lama"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 11:04 AM | Permalink | author bio October 24, 2007 Faux News blames Al Qaeda for California Wildfires From Think Progress : This morning on Fox News, hosts of the show Fox and Friends blamed the wildfires in California on a new culprit: al Qaeda. They pointed to a 2003 FBI memo , which raised the possibility that al Qaeda may try to set wildfires around the western United States. They also noted that men in a “hovering helicopter” saw “a guy starting one of these fires.” Later in the segment, host Steve Doocy acknowledged that in memo, al Qaeda didn’t even mention California . “They mention Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Wyoming,” he added. (emphasis mine) Watch it and read the transcript . i guess the whole "fight 'em over there so we don't have to fight 'em over here" thing didnt work out so well. Bring the troops home to fight Al Qaeda's fires! is "fear-mongering" one word, or two? Posted by evan austin at 12:29 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio Women of Ojai Calendar Release A PRESS RELEASE FROM ATTASALINA PHOTOGRAPHY: “STRENGTH IS BEAUTY” - THE WOMEN OF OJAI 2008 CALENDAR The Ojai Calendar Project continues to support the arts in Ojai. This year, Attasalina Dews presents the Women of Ojai in “Strength is Beauty” to be released on October 26th at a reception and gallery show at the Ojai Art Center from 6-10pm . The calendar is a limited edition of 750 copies featuring fine art nude photographs of twelve local women. Limited edition, fine art prints will also be available for purchase at the reception. Pre-sales of the calendar are available online at www.womenofojai.com . Proceeds of calendar and print sales will benefit local artists, art groups and school art programs. The calendar price is $25. Continue reading "Women of Ojai Calendar Release"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:28 AM | Permalink | author bio October 12, 2007 Tribute to John Lennon Yoko Ono has installed an incredibly creative piece of art (in Iceland of all places) honoring John Lennon. There's a video here . Posted by Heather McKenzie at 06:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio MAVRIC Awards! Celebrating Ventura County's independent musicians, the Music Awards for Ventura Roots & Independent Creations (MAVRIC) nominees have just been announced! The winners will be selected at the first annual MAVRIC Awards ceremony on Sunday, October 21 at 6:00 p.m. at the Pt. Hueneme Oceanview Pavilion, featuring special performances by several of the winners. Among the nominees are a few familiar faces who have appeared on Radio Ojai , including Champagne Sunday and Fred Schmitt, who is playing tonight at Farmer and the Cook. Check it out and vote for your favorite by Sunday, October 14. Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:28 PM | Permalink | author bio a note on the Ojai Film Festival from a reader / festival attendee... This past weekend, we were privileged to attend the Ojai Film Festival . We are producers of the movie AGENDA featuring John Bennett Perry. This festival stands above all festivals we have ever attended. It is not only a splendid area for such an occasion but the residents of Ojai really raise the festival to a level that no other festival could possibly obtain. Congratulations to Executive Director Laurie Kirby on her outstanding work as well as the supporting staff and festival Boards. Laurie is a great representative and did a superb job in the short time she has been in Ojai. We look forward to visiting your area again. Once again congratulations Ojai! Frank Jones Vikki Morvan-Jones Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:24 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio October 04, 2007 Jackson Browne in Ojai: For the Birds III Jackson Browne , called the "poster boy of the Southern California confessional singer-songwriter movement of the late 1960s and early 1970s" by Wikipedia , will play a special benefit concert on Sunday October 7th at 1pm in Libbey Bowl , to benefit the Ojai Raptor Center . The concert also features local acoustic pop sensations The Household Gods . Open lawn seating tickets are $40, and are available at Local Hero Books (formerly Table of Contents) in Ojai, and at Patagonia and Salzers in Ventura. The Ojai Raptor Center is dedicated to the rehabilitation and release of orphaned and injured birds of prey and to providing educational programs to teach about raptors and our shared environment. They are a non profit organization licensed by The California Department of Fish and Game and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The center takes in approximately 1,000 birds a year. ~ Your ticket purchase is tax-deductible to the full extent of the law. ~ Jackson has played locally many times, notably for the Ventura Hillsides benefits. Songs you may recognize include "Doctor My Eyes", "The Pretender", "Running On Empty", "Somebody's Baby", and "Lives In The Balance". Posted by evan austin at 09:18 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio October 03, 2007 Ojai News Briefs ...are not a new kind of underwear. • Tomorrow (Oct 4) could be a busy day for the new parent with a love for the environment, pets, and jewelry: Hit up the first of six weekly baby-nurturing gatherings at the newly-opened Nan Tolbert Nurture Center from 11am-12:30, then pop over to Gem Quest Jewelers for their liquidation sale until 4pm, followed by a Blessing of the Animals at St. Thomas Aquinas from 4-6pm. Cap the evening off with a Green Coalition Waste Management Committee Meeting at 7pm! >>read on for more! Continue reading "Ojai News Briefs"  Posted by evan austin at 06:38 PM | Permalink | author bio October 02, 2007 Earth Charter Summit Celebration in Ventura Citizens for Peaceful Resolutions , with co-sponsorship by the Ventura College International Studies Program, presents the 4th annual Earth Charter Summit Celebration and Awards on Saturday October 13, 2007 at 3pm at Ventura College's Guthrie Hall. [ get map ] The event is FREE and includes refreshments, live music by Inlakech Cultural Arts Center Mariachis , and vocalist Emy Reynolds - winner of the recent Battle of the Bands! Continue reading "Earth Charter Summit Celebration in Ventura"  Posted by evan austin at 09:21 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio September 30, 2007 It's All Happening: Film Festival, Comedy and Running This week, my social calendar is tapped out, thanks to an amazing number of opportunities to get out there offered by incredibly talented people right here in our own little town. From films to comedy to running for a worthy cause, the first weekend in October promises to get us moving, laughing and thinking. Continue reading "It's All Happening: Film Festival, Comedy and Running"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 01:51 PM | Permalink | author bio Congratulations, Tyler!!! Tyler Suchman named by Pacific Coast Business Times as one of their 2007 selections for top "40 Under 40" Business Leaders. (Tyler Suchman, left; with Jerry Kaplan, right, at "Stop the Trucks" rally) Tyler Suchman founded The Ojai Post and runs The Ojai Network, a collective of Ojai sites focusing on community and culture. His consulting company, Tribal Core, provides internet strategy, online marketing and search engine optimization services. Continue reading "Congratulations, Tyler!!!"  Posted by Howard Smith at 08:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (11) | author bio September 29, 2007 In Times of War: Ray Parker's Story " WW II veterans ", the letter accompanying the DVD tells me, " are dying at a rate of over 2,000 every day, and we feel it is very important to get their personal stories before they are lost to us forever. " This film is one of those stories, and will be playing next friday as part of the Ojai Film Festival. now, i'm not an objective reviewer...so i think it's important to describe the lens through which i'm seeing this: i'm 27 turns around the sun, and my Pearl Harbor was the World Trade Center. i'm also a peace activist and i believe as Benjamin Franklin did: that there never was a good war (or a bad peace). the whole "just" or "necessary" war thing is frankly lost on me. when i read the film's description, which describes the "incredible journey" of the 18-year-old Parker who enlisted to "serve his country and fight the forces of evil" and shares his "hope, fear, and unrelenting courage", i became cynically prepared for a Sousa-march-littered tale of romanticized war. Twenty-eight minutes later, i was teary-eyed. Continue reading "In Times of War: Ray Parker's Story"  Posted by evan austin at 01:35 PM | Permalink  | Comments (60) | author bio September 27, 2007 All Politics Is Local Or: As Ojai Goes, So Goes The World The Ojai Valley News reports that a potentially gang-related vandalism and assault incident took place on Tuesday on Santa Ana Road in Oak View, resulting in one arrest. This comes on the heels of the Ojai Valley community's first major International Peace Day celebration, convened by the Retreats of Ojai, the Ojai Peace Coalition, and the Ojai Interfaith Alliance and titled " Living Peace in Ojai ". The weekend-long event included the awarding of the first-ever Noble Peace Prize to local activists Clive and Marion Leeman , performance of the nation-traveling play "The Gift of Peace" which explores and urges support for the creation of a U.S. Department of Peace, and a well-attended and inspirational interspiritual gathering . The Peace Alliance 's campaign to establish a Cabinet-level Department of Peace - which holds " Effectively treat and dismantle gang psychology " as one of its foundational efforts - is led by Ohio Congressman and Presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich , who was in Ojai over the weekend for two appearances. At the Ojai Retreat on Sunday afternoon, Dennis outlined his philosophy of "Strength Through Peace" to over 100 local supporters. Later that evening at the Glen Muse estate on Libbey Ave, a more informal gathering left many feeling uplifted and hopeful for the Kucinich's new post-election home. MORE after the jump! Continue reading "All Politics Is Local"  Posted by evan austin at 04:51 PM | Permalink  | Comments (20) | author bio September 21, 2007 Happy International Peace Day!! Good morning, and happy IPD! Keeping an eye on the weather, here's what's in store: 6-7pm : Vigil for Peace under the Pergola in front of Libbey Park. Consider wearing white. 7pm : Opening ceremony for the Living Peace in Ojai weekend, taking place in the fountain area of Libbey Park. Music will gather and focus us, Judy Gabriel of Meditation Mount will welcome us, and Rae Hanstad of the Ojai City Council will read the Peace Day proclamation that the City issued last week. Then the Ojai Peace Coalition will present its first-ever Noble Peace Prize to Clive and Marion Leeman of the peace vigil! A prayer of Peace and some candle-lit silence will transition us to... 8:15pm : free screening of "Peace One Day" taking place on the patio at Ojai House, 304 N Montgomery St. It's about four blocks from the Park, so as long as you're dressed warmly you're welcome and encouraged to create a candle-lit procession to get there. The film is 80 minutes long. if you're suddenly inspired to volunteer for any bit of this weekend, please call 805-715-9796 or email the team . * if it's raining, the entire operation will move to the Chaparral auditorium, on Ojai Avenue at Fox Street * Posted by evan austin at 07:41 AM | Permalink | author bio September 13, 2007 Valley of Diversity The heat is off , and the sixth anniversary of 9/11 has just passed. Today's common thread: Diversity. Take a look at the variety of things going on in our Valley lately!: • Wilma Melville, founder of locally-headquartered National Disaster Search Dog Foundation , receives a $100,000 Purpose Prize for her efforts to help the two- and four-legged, which will be used to build a centralized local training center. See and hear her story here. • The Ojai Valley Green Coalition drew over 125 people to its most recent meeting, the purpose of which was to organize volunteers into action committees for food and agriculture; alternative energy; building and construction; environmental health; waste management; transportation; and water and land use. Per the OVN, the remaining committee meetings are as follows: - Food and Agriculture Committee will meet Sept. 20 at 7 p.m. at the old Honor Farm, a.k.a. new Help of Ojai West Campus on Baldwin Road. - Energy Conservation Committee will meet Sept. 27 at 7:30 p.m. at a location to be announced. LOTS more after the jump! Continue reading "Valley of Diversity"  Posted by evan austin at 10:48 PM | Permalink  | Comments (13) | author bio September 08, 2007 Living Peace in Ojai! In celebration of the United Nations' International Peace Day , the Ojai Valley community presents a weekend of special events from Friday September 21 through Sunday September 23 entitled Living Peace in Ojai ! Convened by the Retreats of Ojai , the Ojai Peace Coalition , the Ojai Interfaith Alliance, various yoga centers, and many other volunteers, and underwritten by Casa Barranca and Glen Muse, the Living Peace in Ojai weekend is a coming together and celebration of our oneness, to explore and exemplify how we can activate and express Living Peace in ourselves and in our beautiful community every day, to help heal our fragile world. If you would like to help in any way, please email info@livingpeaceinojai.com or call 805.715.7976! The schedule of events includes: Continue reading "Living Peace in Ojai!"  Posted by evan austin at 10:00 AM | Permalink  | Comments (34) | author bio August 31, 2007 Global Warming & Time/Warner Cable!!! For those of you also suffering under the latest Time/Warner Cable TV failure, I thought I would share the new excuse I just heard over the phone from one of their Service Center staffers, Natasha: "It's all because of Global Warming!" Given the magnitude of the problem, Natasha was unable to tell me when cable service would be restored. I am calling the United Nations next for their estimate of when the problem will be rectified. ps: If you want to get credit on your Time/Warner bill for days without service, you must call in and tell them, as Natasha instructed me, "The minute your service comes back on!" -- Even if it's at 3:00 am. Posted by Howard Smith at 03:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (32) | author bio August 28, 2007 Favorite Poem Project Coming To Ojai! On Monday, Nov. 12, The Ojai Art Center will host the first in a series of Favorite Poem Project readings. The events will feature members of the community each reading one of their favorite poems (written by someone other than themselves) and sharing the personal significance of that poem. Robert Pinsky , our 39th Poet Laureate, started the project as a celebration of the personal impact of poetry in our everyday lives. If you are interested in contributing to the project, please read on for more details from Ojai project chairman, John Kertisz: Continue reading "Favorite Poem Project Coming To Ojai!"  Posted by Robert Peake at 05:46 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio August 27, 2007 Special Feature: Locally Grown 2 Click To Play About this time last year, Jessie and i were grumbling all the way to Vegas. We were on our way to celebrate the combined birthdays of some dear friends with some college-style shenanigans, drinking, costumed theme nights, and general foolishness in a neon-lit adult playground in the desert, but we were ALSO missing Jack Johnson playing literally down the street from our home at Locally Grown 1. So this year, with the bill of Perla Batalla and Brett Dennen to lure us, we had our brown paper tickets nice and early. Vegas can wait (and it helps to have a newborn). We arrived just in time to hear MC Claud Mann welcoming everyone, and Battle-of-the-Bands fourth place winners The Imaginative Clams took the stage as we found a good spot to sit in the elite (as designated by the colored bracelets and plastic chains) "Front Lawn" section. i gazed sadly backward at the row of faces that made up the front of the "Back Lawn" section with the Five Man Electrical Band's "Signs" playing in my head over whatever Avant Garage or The Philosophy were sharing from the stage. And then it happened: Emy Reynolds began to play. Continue reading "Special Feature: Locally Grown 2"  Posted by evan austin at 10:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio August 22, 2007 Food For Thought Ojai's Locally Grown Concert Goes Green! Ojai Post readers, there's a whole lot more going on here than the Zaca fire! We've got a big event this weekend, the Locally Grown Concert , and it is being touted as a green event. "Ojai's Libbey Bowl is going substantially greener for Food For Thought's benefit concert featuring Perla Batalla and Brett Dennen," announced event coordinator, Marty Fujita. The event, Locally Grown 2, which features not only Batalla and Dennen, but the winners of the August 4th Ojai -Ventura youth Battle of the Bands competition, will benefit Food for Thought's farm-to-school program which educates children about healthy food choices and the importance of good environmental stewardship. Food For Thought's programs are in six of the seven schools of the Ojai Unified School District. The program also works with OUSD Food Service to introduce as much fresh, locally grown, seasonal produce into school meals as possible. "We want this event not only to raise money for our program, but to be a model for how we can do large events, and keep our carbon footprint as small as possible. We may not be 100% green for this event, but we will be reaching for that standard," added Fujita. Continue reading "Food For Thought Ojai's Locally Grown Concert Goes Green!"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:43 AM | Permalink  | Comments (19) | author bio August 21, 2007 Myridian is Back in Ojai for 2 Nights! I thought it would be nice to take a break from reality and listen to some local music. Ojai's rock band, Myridian , is back in Ojai this Friday 8/24 at 6pm at the Ojai Athletic Club and again next Friday 8/31 at the Deer Lodge at 9pm. I asked Scott Smith, the band's keyboardist, what they are looking forward to most with the Deer Lodge gig, and he said, "It's one of the few regular venues for a full rock band in Ojai, so we’re glad to be coming home after being on the road down in San Diego." Myridian recently performed for the troops at Camp Pendleton. They've always stayed true to their original music, but plan to surprise fans with some familiar sounds next week, "We’ve worked up a few covers for the Rolling Stones, Beatles, and Steely Dan fans, and Lady Sheila, our groovin’ bass goddess will be with us!" Since summer is just about over, and I would like it to linger on, I thought we should take a listen to the first track on their CD, Prime Myridian, aptly named, "Summer of My Mind." Tune in at Radio Ojai . Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:51 AM | Permalink | author bio August 15, 2007 Radar Sherpa: Silhouette Show Radar Sherpa Posted by Mike Didj at 01:07 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 12, 2007 Food For Thought Announces Battle of the Bands Winners! Four Youth Bands to Open Locally Grown Concert at Libbey Bowl in Ojai Food For Thought's Battle of the Bands for youth in Ojai and Ventura took place last weekend and resulted in the selection of four stand-outs who will open the Locally Grown fundraising concert on August 25 at Libbey Bowl. Following the winning openers will be featured headliners Brett Dennen - currently touring with John Mayer - and Perla Batalla - Grammy nominated vocalist and Ojai resident. The event is a fundraiser for Food For Thought Ojai, a nonprofit organization that brings nutrition education, garden-based learning and environmental and agricultural awareness to students of Ojai's public schools. The first Locally Grown concert in 2005 featured singer/songwriter Jack Johnson.    Continue reading "Food For Thought Announces Battle of the Bands Winners!"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 07:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio A Weekend for Peace Culture is defined by the images and symbols we use, our rituals and ceremonies, our histories and legends, and our heroes. The weekend of September 21-23 is a major opportunity to celebrate Peace in a public and audio/visual way that directly builds a culture of peace...it is a time to be the change we wish to see. Please consider how you can help locally. We have some major opportunities for building a local culture of Peace coming up, and the main purpose of this post is to solicit volunteers for a variety of roles within that effort. September 21st is International Peace Day , and the Peace Alliance – the folks behind the campaign for a federal Department of Peace – will be coming to Ojai on that weekend to perform their play “The Gift of Peace” at our own Libbey Bowl. There will also be an Interfaith peace-focused schedule of ceremony, prayer, and music on Sunday the 23rd. The collective Retreats of Ojai are on board with this in a big way and are organizing events during the entire Peace Weekend, and the Ojai Peace Coalition is going to be a part of it! Continue reading "A Weekend for Peace"  Posted by evan austin at 02:25 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 11, 2007 "Bodies Unbound" tonight at Ojai School of Massage Local writer and massage therapist Cynthia Waring Matthews tells her triumphant story. Based on her book, Bodies Unbound , tonight's performance features Cynthia in a one-woman theatre piece directed by Jill Andre. Ojai School of Massage 619 W. El Roblar in Meiners Oaks 8 pm - Tickets $15 at the door Cynthia Waring Matthews first escaped the sorrow of her early days by retreating to a convent as a young woman. Emerging after a time to re-enter the world at large, she was looking for an occupation and found herself absorbed into the world of bodywork, where she became a licensed massage therapist and massaged over 20,000 people in 30 years, from the anonymous to the dazzlingly famous, from infants to the elderly, from those seeking healing to those seeking a bodily indulgence. In her practice, she made a unique discovery: That through her fingers, she was able to read bodies and into the histories of the people beneath her hands. She could unlock the experiences and traumas stored in their bodies through cellular memories. Continue reading ""Bodies Unbound" tonight at Ojai School of Massage"  Posted by Leslie Davis at 11:12 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio August 08, 2007 Shakespeare Festival is Back in Ojai!! Hey folks, I wanted to get a chance to share with anyone who hasn't heard yet, that the Shakespeare festival is back in Ojai, at the Libbey Bowl this coming weekend, Thurs, Fri, Sat, and Sunday nights at 7:30pm. I've been running sound for the performances with my studio assistant, Kazdyn Nicholson, and this year's performance of Midsummer Night's Dream is delightful, and hilarious! Please help out the Ojai Shakespeare festival by coming out to see a performance, you will not be disappointed. Click on the extended entry for my review of this year's show. Thanks much! Continue reading "Shakespeare Festival is Back in Ojai!!"  Posted by Chris Foley at 11:29 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio July 31, 2007 The Ojai Playhouse Revisited The new owners of The Ojai Playhouse, Kathy and Mark Hartley, are also owners of Lavender Inn. I've known Kathy for about two years, and have found her to be one of the most genuine, community-minded people I know. She opens her doors for a variety of activities, from cooking classes, free computer consulting I participate in, weekly business lunches, philanthropic endeavors and more. Their son, Jamie, is a recent business graduate of CSU Northridge, and will run the Playhouse day-to-day. Kathy and Jamie were kind enough to answer some questions in an email interview. Check it out after the jump. You can also read more on the OVN blog . If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments, and we'll see if we can get them to dive in and reply. Continue reading "The Ojai Playhouse Revisited"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 10:04 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio July 30, 2007 "Glenn Was Here" Glenn Emanuel's remembrance ceremony was yesterday at the gazebo in Libbey Park. When i arrived at a few minutes before 4pm, there were but a handful of people gathered, most of whom were busily setting up easels of pictures and arranging chairs and sound equipment. within minutes, the gathering swelled to a strong crowd that read like a who's-who of the Ojai Valley...i saw Sid and Sheila Cohn, the Al-Awars, Jim Calire, John Azevedo, Noel Douglas, Peggy La Cerra, and dozens of other very familiar faces that i personally dont even have names for. we opened with music and prayer, and elegant and heartfelt stories and reflections were shared by friends and family. as seems to be so often the case with those who leave us, these served to describe a person whom it feels beautiful to remember, but - as my wife observed as we solemnly left - whom we wish we'd known better while he was here. it's clear that Glenn loved us all, and that we all loved him no matter how large or small our piece of his experience. i believe that Cheri Mason-Emanuel's son said it best when he introspected that Glenn never seemed sad...always happy. and so it hardly feels appropriate to be sad that he's gone; we can only be happy that he was here. " Glenn was here ", etched with care into the picnic tables of our minds and hearts. Ojai - and the world - are better for it. Posted by evan austin at 08:27 AM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio July 22, 2007 Dishing Ojai: Oak Tree Cafe, Theater 150 & Bodies Unbound This post is all over the place, but it's been a typical week in Ojai where I run into all sorts of interesting people and great food. I found the perfect sandwich, enjoyed a great evening of side-splitting laughter and met an inspiring and courageous woman - all right here in our little valley. Dishing Ojai: Oak Tree Café and Bakery: I have finally found the perfect sandwich in Ojai at the Oak Tree Café and Bakery at the corner of Fox and Ojai Avenue. I had the broiled open-faced tomato and mozzarella sandwich with olive tapenade spread and Bill had the albacore tuna salad sandwich with pesto spread (he threatened to order it "Mike’s Way," but I stopped him). Both were accompanied by a terrific salad tossed with shredded carrots, parmesan, tomatoes, their homemade croutons (which they sell by the bag) and choice of honey lemon or balsamic vinaigrette. We sat outside under a shady pepper tree sipping sun-brewed iced tea and devoured every bite. Oak Tree started as a small bakery and coffee stop down on Hwy. 33 in a converted ATM drive-thru selling the most amazing pastries. They still have the pastries, but you’ve got to get there early to enjoy them. More Dishing Ojai starts here. Read-on to find out about local comedy and a solo theatrical performance... Continue reading "Dishing Ojai: Oak Tree Cafe, Theater 150 & Bodies Unbound"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 07:55 AM | Permalink | author bio July 21, 2007 The Household Gods Rock the Playhouse for Glenn Jessie and i walked down to the Ojai Playhouse last night (so grateful we live close enough to do that!), arriving a few minutes after 5:30 to deposit our $40 - two 20's marked with PEACE, LOVE, & HEALTH - into the full fishbowl of medical fund collections for Glenn Emmanuel. Music was already floating out of the propped-open auditorium doors, where The Household Gods had already begun their benefit set with a beautifully-lyric'd song that i missed the title of. There were maybe 50 people in the theater - sitting in small groups or alone - of all ages, and all seemed to be enjoying the music by nodding, clapping, or singing along with the Gods' master-full set, punctuated by instrument-switching and playful banter between songs. If you've never heard the Gods (this was my second time), you're missing an exceptional piece of cultural Ojai and uniquely arranged covers of songs you know and love, as well as exposure to new favorites you didn't know you had. Continue reading "The Household Gods Rock the Playhouse for Glenn"  Posted by evan austin at 11:26 AM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio July 12, 2007 Harry Potter and the Education Revolution i gladly accepted the generous invitation of Millennium and Megumi to be with them at the Ojai Playhouse’s first screening of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , the fifth in the seven part super-series. we got there early enough to enjoy the antics and energy of the thicket of teenagers and preteens in front of us as the theater filled quickly behind us. after only one preview (for the fresh-, funny-, and clever-looking “Fred Claus”), our adventure began. i’m not going to review the film in great detail. i’m not going to summarize the story, or play the cynical judge (too much). but i do have some insights about the appeal: i believe that it lies in the globality of it. much like a national protest or vigil, or a global moment of silence or large-scale tragedy or the Olympics, there’s something powerful and attractive about sharing an experience – any experience – with millions of other people all over our planet. not only were we all and each immersed in the energy of a full theater where we have the comfortable space to laugh, cry, sigh, and scream as one, but there are people all over the globe doing the same thing. i think we like that, even if we don’t all take the time to specifically think about it. Continue reading "Harry Potter and the Education Revolution"  Posted by evan austin at 09:38 AM | Permalink  | Comments (14) | author bio July 07, 2007 Several Random Thoughts: Bands, TW Cable, Radio Ojai, The Best & Walking Follow me if you will on a little rambling journey where I touch on Battle of the Bands, New Content on Radio Ojai, Time Warner Cable Sucks, Best of Ventura County, Walking for Fitness... Battle of the Bands deadline extended to 7/20! As you already know from the press releases I have placed on these pages, Food For Thought is sponsoring a local Battle of the Bands for youth in Ojai and Ventura. The three winning bands will open the Locally Grown fundraising concert on August 25 at Libbey Bowl featuring headliners Brett Dennen - currently touring with John Mayer - and Perla Batalla – Grammy nominated vocalist and Ojai resident. The event will be the second Locally Grown fundraiser for Food For Thought Ojai; the first concert in 2005 featured singer/songwriter Jack Johnson. The Battle of the Bands is open to youth ages 13-20 from Ojai and Ventura, and will take place August 4th and 5th at the Matilija Junior High School Auditorium from 10am – 5pm. Bands performing all varieties of music, from straight edge and punk to jazz and acoustic, are encouraged to enter. In addition to opening the Locally Grown 2 concert, the three winning bands will also be able to record their chosen song in a professional sound studio and receive free CD copies of the recording. Entry forms and a sample recording must be submitted by July 20. Rules and other information can be found on the Food For Thought Ojai Web site . New Content on Radio Ojai Speaking of Food for Thought, at last weekend’s screening of The Real Dirt on Farmer John , Lesley Littlefield performed her song, “Oranginess,” which you can now listen to on Radio Ojai . Continue reading "Several Random Thoughts: Bands, TW Cable, Radio Ojai, The Best & Walking"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:58 AM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio July 03, 2007 Outlaw Poets Riding Strong This Friday, you won't want to miss Marsha de la O. at Bart's Books. Her work is sonorous, strange and wonderful. Copies of her book, Black Hope - recipient of the New Issues Press Poetry Award, and now in its second printing - will be available for sale. Starts at 7PM with an open mic reading in the atmospheric outdoor courtyard. Hosted by Jason Diller and Tree Bernstein. Free admission. Posted by Robert Peake at 08:21 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio July 01, 2007 Dishing Ojai: Feast and Champagne Feast Bistro’s new summer menu is out and it is tasty . We tried the Asian Appetizer with summer rolls, spicy sesame noodles and grilled shrimp – really fresh and flavorful. Chef Susan also created a cioppino, but with an Ojai twist; the orange-saffron broth turns this traditional seafood stew into a local favorite. After dinner we moseyed on over to Movino, where a local band was playing all original material for the Ojai wine-sipping crowd. Champagne Sunday’s lead singer, Jessi Reems-Terrell, reeled us in with her unbelievable vocals while the other two members of the band kept us there for an entire set with solid harmonies and brilliant hooks. I was so taken I begged them to let me put “Ventura Sky” on Radio Ojai , where it is now playing. Also on Radio Ojai , Matt gives me his grilling secrets and we talk about Ojai’s quirky 4th of July parade. I don’t know about you, but I’ll be celebrating Independence Day atop one of Joe’s new cushy barstools in front of Pangea! Lastly, check out the current Ojai Valley Visitors Guide , now on newsstands until the end of summer, for a progressive dining adventure down Ojai Avenue which includes Azu, Movino, Pangea and Feast Bistro. More Dishing Ojai here. Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:19 AM | Permalink | author bio June 26, 2007 Food For Thought Brings Locally Grown Concert Back to Libbey Bowl! Food For Thought Ojai is sponsoring its second Locally Grown fundraising concert on August 25 at Libbey Bowl. The concert will open with winners of the Battle of the Bands which takes place earlier in the month, then follow with headliners Brett Dennen - currently touring with John Mayer - and Perla Batalla – Grammy nominated vocalist and Ojai resident. The event is a fundraiser for Food For Thought Ojai, a nonprofit organization that brings nutrition education, garden-based learning and environmental and agricultural awareness to students of Ojai’s public schools. The first Locally Grown concert in 2005 featured singer/songwriter Jack Johnson. “This is a great way for us to get our message out to the community,” said Marty Fujita of Food for Thought Ojai. Funds raised will go toward programs that promote good childhood nutritional practices, farm-field trips, school garden programs and salad bar lunches that feature locally-produced, seasonal fruits and vegetables. Continue reading "Food For Thought Brings Locally Grown Concert Back to Libbey Bowl!"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 03:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio June 21, 2007 Battle of the Bands! Food For Thought Sponsors Battle of the Bands! Winners to Play Libbey Bowl Food For Thought is sponsoring a local Battle of the Bands for youth in Ojai and Ventura. The three winning bands will open the Locally Grown fundraising concert on August 25 at Libbey Bowl featuring headliners Brett Dennen - currently touring with John Mayer - and Perla Batalla – Grammy nominated vocalist and Ojai resident. The event will be the second Locally Grown fundraiser for Food For Thought Ojai; the first concert in 2005 featured singer/songwriter Jack Johnson. The Battle of the Bands is open to youth ages 13-20 from Ojai and Ventura, and will take place August 4th and 5th at the Matilija Junior High School Auditorium from 10am – 5pm. Bands performing all varieties of music, from straight edge and punk to jazz and acoustic, are encouraged to enter. In addition to opening the Locally Grown 2 concert, the three winning bands will also be able to record their chosen song in a professional sound studio and receive free CD copies of the recording. Continue reading "Battle of the Bands!"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:59 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio June 13, 2007 Farmer John Brings the Real Dirt to the Ojai Playhouse From a press release submitted by Food for Thought Ojai : No, it’s not about the sausage company. The Real Dirt on Farmer John is a movie about Illinois farmer John Petersen and his decades-long struggle to wrest right livelihood from his family’s farm. Winner of over 30 festival awards, this film has it all – life, death, sex, terrorism, art, failure, success. Helped along by the fact that his mom started taking 16 mm movies of the family when John was a child, and by the fact that John is an artist as well as a bred-in-the-bones farmer, this movie reaches far beyond any normal expectations of a documentary about a mid-western farmer. Presented by Food for Thought Ojai, the Ojai Film Society, and Slow Food Ojai/Ventura. The Real Dirt on Farmer John will show Saturday and Sunday, June 30-July 1, at 4:30 pm at the Ojai Playhouse in downtown Ojai. Tickets are $8 for adults, and $5 for seniors and students at the door. Farmer John Petersen will be at BOTH screenings for Q  A. Continue reading "Farmer John Brings the Real Dirt to the Ojai Playhouse"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 04:55 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio June 10, 2007 Glastonbury Music Festival Goes Green Let's take the lead of the Brits and create Ojai music & art festivals examples of environmentally conscious events as well. Glastonbury Music Festival - June 22-24, 2007 This years Glastonbury festival-goers will be asked to make a difference to climate change by reducing their carbon footprint. As well as eating organic food, washing in carbon neutral showers, using eco-friendly toilets and being supplied with recycled toilet paper, revellers will be invited to join the I Count campaign. It details 16 steps to reduce their environmental impact, and aims to sign up 100,000 people in three days. The full line-up of musicians to perform at the Glastonbury festival later this month has been announced. The Who, The Killers and Arctic Monkeys will be headlining on the Pyramid Stage during the three-day event.Among the more than 200 acts listed are Rufus Wainwright, Lily Allen, Amy Winehouse, The Gossip, Paul Weller, Chemical Brothers and Shirley Bassey.The festival, which starts on 22 June, will be the largest yet, with an extended capacity of 177,500. Posted by Raymond Powers at 09:37 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio June 09, 2007 Stop the Trucks: Questions & Answers THE GRAVEL TRUCK THREAT: QUESTIONS & ANSWERS WHY IS THIS HAPPENING NOW? Until two years ago most gravel, the prime ingredient of both concrete and asphalt, came from quarries in Oxnard. Those closed and are being transformed into a residential area now known as Riverpark. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks: Questions & Answers"  Posted by Howard Smith at 05:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Beware the Lake Casitas Rockfest On Saturday June 30th, the Lake Casitas Rockfest comes to town. Headlined by Dread Zeppelin (who my band opened for at least three times waaayyy back in the day), the festival features a host of other bands including locals Dr. Surf and Lisa Snider's favs Myridian. More info on promoter Howard Freiberg's site... Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:04 AM | Permalink | author bio June 07, 2007 40th Anniversary of Sgt. Peppers June 1 was the 40th anniversary of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (1967). When I first heard Sgt.Pepper's by the Beatles it was one of those albums that jump started my inspiration and interest in music. The orchestral arrangements, sound scapes and phenomenal melodies (not to mention the cool outfits of the Fab four) kept me transfixed. I must have listened to it at least 2-3 times a day for months. Few things in life have this kind of impact on us. This was one for me. What event or... captivated and inspired you as a child? Here's great article about the making of : http://www.riprense.com/sgtpepper.htm It begins: Many critics, I think, have forgotten that “Pepper” was a kind of pinnacle of genre, a new sort of music that had never exactly existed before. You no more dismiss its importance and achievement than you dismiss Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony because it’s 19th century orchestral music. Continuing that analogy, you don’t evaluate the Ninth Symphony as a collection of movements that have no particular relationship to one another, and you do not evaluate “Sgt. Pepper” as a bunch of songs that happened to appear together on a vinyl disc. This album is a piece. Though not conceived as a whole, it was executed as one---the product of a single gigantic and intense series of recording sessions. It also bears remembering that there were no hits from “Pepper,” no singles. The whole damn thing was a hit, and the biggest of its time, if not all time. In the summer of 1967, in many cities, you could not walk the length of a block without leaving earshot of this record. Humanity’s collective jaw was agape, its ears full of iridescent, irresistable sounds of a kind it had never heard before. Posted by Raymond Powers at 09:41 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio May 31, 2007 Myridian UPDATE UPDATE: The Skate Park event was canceled, so look for Myridian at the Athletic Club 6/8! From this week's issue of the VC Reporter : Old man, take a look at your band Ojai’s Myridian overcome tragedy — and middle age — to release their classic-rock inspired debut Prime Myridian ~ By LISA SNIDER ~ Old guys rock — and I’m not talking about the Rolling Stones or Aerosmith. Myridian, an Ojai-based fivesome of forty-somethings, proved earlier this year that it’s never too late to start rocking with the release of their first album, Prime Myridian. Working blue-collar day jobs as an electrician, farmer, equipment renter, pool technician and electronics installer, Myridian’s roster includes Scott Smith on keyboards, Richard Metcalfe on guitar, Kalvin Keller on lead vocals, Patrick Duffy on drums and Bud McCanless on bass. “A young person has the energy,” says Smith, who doubles as the band’s manager. “This is more of a work ethic.” Continue reading "Myridian UPDATE"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:16 AM | Permalink | author bio May 22, 2007 Music to Heal the Lungs By i'd venture to guess that not many people know the names or faces of any of the projectionists at any of the corporate movie theaters in this country, even the "local" (read: geographically close) ones like Century. but here in Ojai, our projectionist's name is Glenn Emanuel, and he's got the most gorgeous eyes and warm, ready smile. he's a tall lanky fellow with a curly mop of hair and broad, expressive hands. he's also got lung cancer. he told me this himself, when i saw him recently at Rainbow Bridge. it was the first thing he said, and he did it with a slight smile on his face. not that it isnt serious, but i strongly suspect that Glenn's got a specific and philosophical constitution that isnt very friendly to depression or sympathy-gathering. i'm told by his partner Cheri Mason that Glen has chosen to forego the traditional toxic therapies for cancer, and is instead focusing on "nutrition, yoga, magnets, and herbs", and in honorable form is treating his cancer in the same way he treats others and the world: peacefullly, with life-affirming practices and natural cures. come meet the man and enjoy some great music at a donation-driven benefit for him this Friday evening May 25th at the Ojai Playhouse at 10pm, featuring Jim Calire and friends, Brad Bueley, Julie Christensen, and more. interested musicians are encouraged to contact Cheri . there is also an account set up in Glenn's name at Ojai Community Bank. Posted by evan austin at 06:33 AM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio May 19, 2007 Stop the Trucks: THERE IS NO DEAL!!! "Paper Tiger, Toothless Dragon" Contrary to recent press stories, there is NO deal in place between Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties regarding the ban of gravel truck traffic on Route 33 from the proposed Diamond Rock Mine in the Cuyama Valley and Ojai. This alleged deal is nothing more than an attempt to undercut our opposition. What they seek to do is an example of the classic political maneuvers of the “Three D’s:” “Delay,” “Distract” and/or “Deny.” Do not be misled! They seek to pull attention away from their latest (and substandard) EIR of May 2007 which we will not even dignify by calling it a “Final EIR.” There are logical holes in this EIR that a blind man could drive a fleet of gravel trucks through at night. But more dangerously, the CUP that they dangle in front of us contains no verification of truck traffic. It is a “Paper Tiger, a Toothless Dragon.” President Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said, “Do not pass any laws you can not enforce because it only breeds disrespect for the law.” Allowing self-monitoring of truck loads and drivers has already proven to be a disaster in Ventura County where a total failure of our own Planning Department to create CUP’s in 2001 and 2003 that have any verification or enforcement has left us with the 24/7 nightmare we now experience. Do not be misled. There is no deal. The only way we will win this war is with your total support and dedication. Attend the hearing in Santa Maria!!! Wednesday, May 30th at 9:00am in the "Board of Supervisors Hearing Room", 511 E.Lakeside Parkway, Santa Maria, CA 93455. The Diamond Rock final EIR is now available online at: http://www.sbcountyplanning.org/projects/03CUP-00037/index.cfm You can access this staff report at: http://www.sbcountyplanning.org/boards/pc/cpc_documents.cfm?DocID=1967 To Donate Online go to: http://www.ojaichamber.org/pages/coc/stop.asp Or Use our pledge form below: Continue reading " Stop the Trucks: THERE IS NO DEAL!!! "  Posted by Howard Smith at 02:27 PM | Permalink | author bio May 17, 2007 Myridian Rocks Ojai! My friend, Matt, and I just interviewed local rockers, Myridian . They released their CD just a couple months ago - think classic rock with a pop twist - and their protest song Gun Shots is currently #4 on Neil Young's website . Not bad for 5 guys in their late-40's working blue-collar day jobs! Look for the full print story in the VC Reporter soon. Meanwhile, check-out the interview and hear the song on Radio Ojai . After the jump, find out where you can see them live. Continue reading "Myridian Rocks Ojai!"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:14 PM | Permalink | author bio May 14, 2007 Discount Ojai Poetry Festival Tickets Just so you know, "advance sale" tickets sold on the Ojai Poetry Festival Website come at a five dollar discount from the cost at the door - that's five bucks off every ticket. But ticket sales online will end this Friday at 5PM . So, all you Post readers that have been putting off buying tickets to the festival that brings some of the nation's top poets into your back yard - now would be a good time to get your tickets and save some money in the process. After all, this event only comes around every two years. Once again, this season's lineup includes Pulitzer-Prize-winning poet Gary Snyder , literary entertainment dynamo Sherman Alexie , Montana's First Poet Laureate Sandra Alcosser , and the poetic rising star Mara Melndez . Get your tickets now at a great price . Posted by Robert Peake at 08:46 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio May 06, 2007 Becoming a Fan After almost 10 years of marriage, Eric and I hooked up the Television. I have been able to avoid caring about Sports for a long time now, but it's NBA Playoff Season , and the games are Live in my living room. And when something comes this close, you have almost no choice but to allow a relationship to develop. The trick is to start to learn the details. Understanding the strengths of the individual players' games, knowing the strategies and preferences of the different coaches, and getting the scoop on the team's management turns Basketball into a dramatic and entertaining piece of theatre. Yet I am noticing that it is much easier to be interested and engaged when you have a favorite player, coach or team. Otherwise there is no emotional juice to draw you towards it. Trying to stay an intellectual observer is too boring and does not imprint the experience in the mind. But as soon as you allow yourself preferences, the experience becomes personal and relevant and you literally See the Game differently. Continue reading "Becoming a Fan"  Posted by Kira Ryder at 08:39 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio May 01, 2007 Poet John Kertis At Bart's Books This Friday John Kertis, Poet Laureate Emeritus of Venice (California), will be reading at Bart's Books this Friday following an open mic portion of the evening starting at 7PM. The theme of the evening is, "Poetry as the Voice of the Earth", in harmony with the theme of this season's Ojai Poetry Festival . For those of you looking to get your regular fix of poetry each month, note that the Outlaw Poets will convene on the first Friday of every month at 7PM from now on (or, at least until it gets cold again ). Posted by Robert Peake at 12:25 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio April 25, 2007 Language sliced open I attended an inspiring poetry reading tonight in Ventura at the Artists' Union Gallery by our own, Robert Peake. Robert has a calm, focused and direct stage presence that captivated the standing room only crowd. I was thrilled to see so many people come out for poetry on a Tuesday night! And thrilled to be out on a Tuesday night since I'm usually at home with my family. Robert read a bunch of poems ranging from a euology to poet, Stanford Lyne, to poems about the loss of his young son, to childhood memories growing up in the border town of El Centro, California, to a couple of his own translations of Neruda and Machado (brilliant!). To top it off he ended the night with some hilarious poems about a carrot and a turnip and their vegetable cohorts. Hope to see more of that series in readings to come. Robert, maybe you could post a poem or two ? Posted by Leslie Davis at 12:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio April 24, 2007 40 Years Ago in the Haight-Ashbury Turn On. Tune In. Drop Out! I got a little jolt last night as I sat in Upavistha Konasana (Seated Wide Angle Pose) watching the PBS documentary on Hippies and the Summer of Love. It dawned on me that it was 40 years ago (1967) that I took the Greyhound bus from Ventura to San Francisco and rented a room on the third story of a house on the Haight. For the first time in my life I was free to draw around the clock with Bob Dylan and Simon and Garfunkle in the background. I could sit for hours on the window ledge, in my painted jeans, watching the unfolding hippy invasion below. From my third story perch I could spot Janis Joplin in the crowd and hear Country Joe and the Fish playing nearby. Imagine growing up in Ojai and suddenly finding yourself transported amongst 20,000 people dancing in Golden Gate Park! The documentary showed the Human Be-In, a Gathering of the Tribes, and all the great counterculture gurus. I remembered how I made money selling my art, babysitting the four poor children who lived in the basement below, and peddling the Berkeley Barb. You could buy a ten pound bag of brown-rice for $1 and get clothes at the Free Store. I don't remember ever eating the Free Food. When I ran out of rice I fasted to protest the Vietnam War. My AWOL boyfriend was picked up by the military police in the dead of night and locked up in the Presidio. Did anyone else see the PBS special last night? Did you see yourself? As I stretched forward in Upavisthakonasana I had this great cosmic insight that we're all still trying to turn on, tune in and drop out... Is that what growing older is all about? Posted by Suza Francina at 07:43 AM | Permalink  | Comments (26) | author bio April 14, 2007 Where Subway Is And Isn't... Hope you are enjoying your gloomy Saturday in Ojai... There is a nice article in Canadian publication The Star Phoenix on the Ojai Valley Inn & Spa . Money quote: With a 360-degree view of the dramatic mountain range, the 89-hectare Spanish colonial- style resort is nestled snugly within the valley. The air is noticeably fresh -- if not sweet -- compared to L.A. several hundred metres below. With complimentary valet service, we leave our car behind and forget it exists until check-out two days later. The attention to detail is beyond expectation -- especially after having just disembarked an Air Canada flight where the menu selection is no longer chicken or beef, but water or orange juice, with the option to buy an overpriced, nearly naked, six-inch Subway sub. Get it? Ojai is a place that people come to from around the world to get away from Subway. By preventing the urgent moratorium and allowing the Subway franchisee to file for the necessary permits, Joe DeVito has single-handedly torpedoed the very perception of what Ojai is. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 03:28 PM | Permalink  | Comments (19) | author bio April 12, 2007 Poetry Festival Final Volunteer Meeting TONIGHT If you have thought about considering the possibility of thinking about volunteering for this season's Ojai Poetry Festival , now is the time to act. Come to the final monthly volunteer meeting tonight at 7PM in the Ojai Library . Lend support to this outstanding literary event, and be sure to purchase your tickets early online . If for any reason you can't make tonight's meeting but still want to help bring poetry to Ojai, please contact Tami through the website . See you tonight! Posted by Robert Peake at 10:32 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio April 03, 2007 Spring Break Boy, I've not posted in awhile. And when I think now of all the posting I can do I think people would soon grow tired of me. Especially seeing my naked picture for the whole month! It's spring break. Easter week. And Passover. I'm going to visit my family in Chicago but I feel like I should stay in Ojai and make dent in the pile of work ahead of me. I hate it when I leave the valley and can't wait to get back. I"m already anxious for my plane to land next Wednesday. Then I can go full-force in being obnoxiously over-exposed. Here's what's happening. If anyone sees anything interesting to take part in, please do contact me: -EF Homestay Program. I'll be program coordinator for 34 thirteen and fourteen year-olds from Vietnam. Continue reading "Spring Break"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 05:47 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio April 02, 2007 Yee-Haw For Poetry! April is National Poetry Month , and there's a flurry of poetic activity going on in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties . Also, right here in Ojai, Bart's Outlaw Poets return this Friday, April 6th. at 7 PM with an open mic and featured reader Dave Ray - owner of Bart's Books and co-author (with Jason Diller) of My First Love Was a Whore and author of Couch Surfing in America - Diary of a Deadbeat Dad (both from TreeHouse Press ). Check it out! Posted by Robert Peake at 08:02 AM | Permalink | author bio March 28, 2007 Innovation 101 and the Conquest of Fire In business as in life, if you are not innovating, re-inventing or improving what you do, your competitors are. Although most people are terrified of change, there is no greater recipe for failure than inertia, doing things as they have always been done. Ellison S. Onizuka, one of our astronauts whose death in the 1987 crash of the space shuttle Challenger illustrated the danger of risk taking, said it best in a speech he gave to students few years earlier. “The people who make this world run, whose lives can be termed successful, whose names will go down in history books, are not the cynics, the critics, or the armchair quarterbacks. They are the adventurers, the explorers, and the doers of this world. When they see a wrong or a problem, they do something about it... Rather than leaning back and criticizing how things are, they work to make things the way they should be. They are the aggressive, the self-starters, the innovative, and the imaginative of this world…. ” Continue reading "Innovation 101 and the Conquest of Fire"  Posted by Howard Smith at 05:55 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 25, 2007 Ojai Music I recently had the pleasure of meeting Fred Schmitt, a prolific singer/songwriter and a musical genius, who lives right here in our little valley. He's the real deal. He's been writing music for 35 years and has traveled some million miles over 46 states playing to anyone who would listen. He has written over 200 songs and finds it hard to keep the muse at bay. And he doesn't have a recording contract. Incredible. I chatted him up over coffee this afternoon at Stir Crazy with my friend Matt and turned the mics on to capture a couple of his songs, too. The interview and the music are on Radio Ojai. Take a listen - I think you'll feel like I do...like I've just gotten a sneak peak of someone on the verge of great success. Any second now, he'll be in Nashville. Continue reading "Ojai Music"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:01 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 23, 2007 The Ojai Post Poetry Center this moment a bright sliver of the moon hangs over the dark shadowy mountains of the valley of the moon i stand stone still watching the first glimmers of dawn the quarter moon so bright it almost looks full the valley below so silent like the beginning of time no busy minds...no cars... only the soft soft hooting of the owl Posted by Suza Francina at 11:14 PM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio March 14, 2007 SLAPP's, sun salutations and sexy soul Anyone read Todd Miller's scathing editorial on the ballot initiatives and SLAPP suit in the OVN today? (originally printed as " And The Victim Is... " on The Ojai Post, March 9) Elsewhere, a little Ojai Post administrative housekeeping - the list of Ojai Post authors is now on its own page and won't be listed in the right column of the site. We're just growing too darn big! Also, welcome to our two latest authors: Suza Francina , author, yoga instructor and former mayor of Ojai, and Kira Ryder , owner of Lulu Bandha's Yoga. And if you are up for it, head on out to SOHO in Santa Barbara this evening for a night of music featuring The Jane Doe's , sexy, sultry blue-eyed soul. They're good friends of mine, but don't hold it against them. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:31 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio March 13, 2007 An Evening of Devotional Music at The Ojai Foundation I've been invited to be part of an interactive evening of devotional song at The Ojai Foundation. I'll be playing flutes, frame drum and singing. Come if you can, it would be great to share a meal then dance/sing together. Here's some info. AN EVENING OF DEVOTIONAL SONG with JUDY PIAZZA and Friends Raymond Powers and Burton (Drum) Lange Sunday, March 18 5:30-6:30 Community Potluck 6:30-8:30 Devotional Songs At The Ojai Foundation Love Offering Appreciated Experience the ease and depth of call and response singing as we chant from the Hindu Vedas, Native Americas, Sufi prayers, and other devotional voice traditions. Experience the opening of your heart and the swelling of your spirit as your voice soars! We sing from the natural voice … no experience necessary. Continue reading "An Evening of Devotional Music at The Ojai Foundation"  Posted by Raymond Powers at 11:43 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 08, 2007 Ojai Poetry Festival Tickets On Sale Now The Ojai Poetry Festival is now selling tickets on their website for the 2007 festival on May 18-19 in Libbey Bowl. This season brings another four poets of international repute - Gary Snyder , Sherman Alexie , Sandra Alcosser and Mara Melndez - to Ojai and again includes a Teen Poetry Contest , regional poets reading and open mic events. The all-event pass is your best option to make sure not to miss a minute of what promises to be the best season yet. Students with valid ID also qualify for half-price admission to all events. So get your tickets early and be sure to spread the word. For those of you interested in helping out, the next volunteer's meeting will be held on Thursday, April 5th at 7PM in the Ojai Library. Posted by Robert Peake at 08:54 PM | Permalink | author bio February 27, 2007 Happy Birthday, Ojai Post! Exactly one year ago today, I posted this warning welcome: The Ojai Post is a community blog, featuring Ojai residents from all walks of life writing about the unique Ojai experience. Ojai is a special place, not just for its geography, flora and fauna, small-town architecture and rich native American history - its also because of the people - talented, creative souls who tend to walk to the beat of their own drummer and carve their own path through life. Check in for daily musings, rants, Ojai news and greater goings-on from the place some call Shangri-La. We've certainly had our share of musings, rants, news and greater goings-on - 425 posts and counting. And we're just getting started. My deep gratitude to twenty-two authors who have dipped in a toe or taken the plunge, and to our ever-increasing audience (over 1,500 visitors and 5,000 page views yesterday). The Ojai Post is about community, one I'm proud to be a part of. Hope you're enjoying the ride as much as I am. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:00 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio February 25, 2007 Gritty, Dirty Jam Session at Zalk Theater Sunday, February 25, 2007, Zalk Theater, Happy Valley School, Ojai, CA - Jonathan and Nathan join dad John McEuen for a fundraising night for the HVS Arts Program. Read more for a recap of the evening and some video from the performance... Continue reading "Gritty, Dirty Jam Session at Zalk Theater"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:17 PM | Permalink | author bio February 08, 2007 Stop the Trucks; Update of February 9th The response period for the EIR is now closed. I want to personally thank the hundreds of concerned citizens of the region who took the time to write letters to Gary Kaiser. They have already had an impact! According to a news story in the Pacific Coast Business Times, a final draft of the EIR will be completed by the end of the month. Your letters will be included according to a conversation I've had with Gary Kaiser. The Santa Barbara County Planning Comission will review and decide on the merits of the EIR at their April Meeting. If approved there are a number of other, smaller regulatory issues that must be dealt with. If everything passes approval, the whole issue is expected to go to the Santa Barbara County Supervisors in late summer or the fall. Our "Stop the Trucks" committee, which has so far been an infomal collection of concerned citizens, will be meeting at the end of February for an open "brainstorming" meeting. Continue reading "Stop the Trucks; Update of February 9th"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:31 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio February 06, 2007 Lyrically Speaking At Zoey's In Ventura Although Spoken Word Salon has come to an end, a new spoken word and performance art series is starting up at Zoey's in Ventura. Hosted by Barry Miller , the series has set out to feature poets, musicians, comedians and those that blur the lines on the second Sunday of every month. The first show starts at 7PM this Sunday, February 11th and features Gauvin, Ryan Gillenwater, Doris Vernon, Roe Estep , Phil Taggart, Erik Harber, Jani Baldwin and The Lyrically Speaking House Band. Admission is $7 at the door. Posted by Robert Peake at 05:35 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio February 03, 2007 How I Spent Groundhog Day! No doubt it was a rhetorical question, but awhile back a reader asked if I would be giving an account of how I spent Groundhog Day. Well, I didn't think there would be much worth mentioning except the fact that the little rodent would go back into his den and give us 6 more weeks of winter (although you wouldn't know it on a day like today). But it was a little more exciting than that. I had a face-to-face interview with Al Gore on the red carpet at his screening of An Inconvenient Truth at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival. Playing reporter was very different than the role I played as filmmaker earlier in the week, but thrilling given who was answering my question. Tune in for more after I decipher my notes! Meanwhile, read evan's previous post about the movie here . Photo of Al Gore and Davis Guggenheim 2/2/07 (click to enlarge) Also check-out a red carpet podcast with environmentalist, actor and former Ojai resident Noah Wyle on Radio Ojai . Posted by Lisa Snider at 01:03 PM | Permalink  | Comments (36) | author bio February 02, 2007 This Weekend in Ojai Friday February 2 * The Blessings of Being Multiculturally Human with Huston Smith * Cooking with Women * O Canada! * Theater: "Greater Tuna" Saturday February 3 * Making Calendula Oil with Carol Wade * ARTIST TO GIVE WORKSHOP USING RECYCLED MOVIE FILM * Divine Raw Food Desserts * Volunteer Trail Day * Financial Aid Workshops at N.H.S * Theater: "Greater Tuna" Sunday February 4 * A Ravioli Feast * Theater: "Greater Tuna" Posted by Tyler Suchman at 12:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio Better Than Chocolate! (Poetry) This year's annual Erotic Poetry & Spoken Word reading at the Artist's Union Gallery in Ventura will be held on Saturday, Feb. 10th at 7:00 pm. This reading celebrates the erotic in the broadest sense - works that evoke yearning, longing, and loss, as well as the more traditional praises of desire and tributes to the beloved - and commemorates the opening of the Artists’ Union Gallery's annual erotic art exhibition. “Eroticism,” says event-host Friday, “is most easily found in food, poetry, art and sex; three of the four items mentioned will be provided for you at the benefit.” The line-up includes Richard Beban , author of What the Heart Weighs , Bay Area author Adrienne Marcus, poet/publisher Glenna Luschei , and many others. “We are so lucky to have such an incredible assemblage of talent under the same roof. We expect to hear poems from ardent to zany, and everything in-between. All that energy should make for an intense reading,” says co-organizer Phil Taggart. “According to Hesiod, Eros instills all notions of beauty and anguish within our souls,” says co-organizer and award-winning poet, Marsha de la O. “Both beauty and anguish are principal considerations of poetry. We wanted to give a distinguished group of Southern Californian poets the opportunity to explore the nuances of eroticism in an environment where visual artists and sculptors have used other media to explore the same concept.” Admission is $10 at the door. The event is a benefit with all proceeds going to the Artists’ Union Gallery. The Artists’ Union Gallery is located at 330 South California Street in Ventura. Poets reading include: Joyce LaMers, Jackson Wheeler, Tim Tipton, Roe Estep, Shelley Savren, Elijah Imlay, Ryan Gillenwater, Richard Beban, Howard Billou, Carol Davis, Carlye Archibeque, Ellen Reich, Florence Weinberger, Adrianne Marcus, Doris Vernon, Glenna Luschei, Perie Longo, Virginia Mariposa, Robert Peake, Teka Lark-Lo, Laura Diamond, Mary Kay Rummel, Lee Rossi, Tim Pompey, Cathryn Andreson, Larry Colker, Patricia Lynn Belkovitz, Bob Sterling, Marsha de la O, Friday and Phil Taggart. Posted by Robert Peake at 09:31 AM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio January 27, 2007 Party, Music, and Art Reception in Ojai! It's an Art Opening and Party! Sat, February 3rd 7pm-10pm. Where: Sound & Vision LRC 1016 West Ojai Avenue (just behind the empty service station on the corner of Del Norte and Ojai Ave. Across the street from the old Ford dealership parking lot.) Call Chris @ 805.259.7811 for more details Sound & Vision Learning Resource Center plays host to an extraordinary art exhibition by Ojai resident and artist, Tegan Hope Hutchinson . Tegan is an excellent painter and designer with a remarkable and moving body of work. (See attached photos) Finger foods and beverages will be served. Also, same night and same time is a reception for all of our friends, clients, collaborators, corroborators, students, and parents. Come and help the LRC Gang ring in the new year. Enjoy some refreshments, pound on the drums (if you like), and check out our new events roster and lesson plan for 2007! All of our instructors will be on hand to answer questions, and hear ideas regarding new programs. We'll also have live music by Sunny Erickson, Bob Ballard, and others. Mic will be open for anyone who wishes to perform! We'll also hosting a mixer for the kids from 5pm - 7pm. We'll have the instruments set up and ready to play, as well as iMovie, GarageBand, and iPhoto up on the lab computers for them to explore. Your kids are welcome to stay for the rest of the event, but we'll be focusing on the art exhibit and live music beginning at 7pm. We can't wait to hang out with you all! And thank you all so much for a successful 2006! With Love ~ Chris, Bob, Brad, Sunny, Deanna, Amy, Pausha, and Tristan. Posted by Chris Foley at 06:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio January 21, 2007 The Price of Paradise Screens in Santa Barbara There has been a lot of talk on these pages about affordable housing. What does that mean to you? Who should have it? What should it look like? Where should it be built? The documentary, The Price of Paradise , does not seek to answer these questions, but rather engage a dialog. *Production still by Brooks Smothers. Continue reading "The Price of Paradise Screens in Santa Barbara"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 03:06 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Stop The Trucks: Community Meeting Jan 30th STOP THE TRUCKS! COMMUNITY MEETING Tuesday, January 30th - 7:00pm Chaparral Auditorium, 414 E Ojai Ave. You’re invited to come learn about plans to add hundreds more sand & gravel trucks on Highway 33 through ours towns and the nearby national forest. *A short photo presentation on Scenic Highway 33 *Speakers, including representatives from: Ojai Valley Chamber of Commerce Los Padres ForestWatch Highway 33 residents Local Decision makers School Representatives Cuyama Valley Farmers Forest users …and more! *Learn how you can help make a difference! Letters needed by January 31 – how to make yours effective Please RSVP to ensure that we print enough materials! Call (805) 252-4277 and leave a message stating your first and last name and the number of people (if any) coming with you. This event is free and open to the public. Continue reading "Stop The Trucks: Community Meeting Jan 30th"  Posted by Howard Smith at 12:50 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio January 06, 2007 Jami Sieber Comes to Ojai! (without the elephants) When Jami Sieber , acclaimed electric cellist, contacted me recently to tell me she was coming to town, I couldn't help but wonder about her back-up band. Her press kit made mention a number of times about the Thai Elephant Orchestra, but I thought that was the name of a band. A few emails back and forth and finally it sank into my thick skull: it turns out it is the name of the band, and the band is entirely comprised of elephants! Continue reading "Jami Sieber Comes to Ojai! (without the elephants)"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:32 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio December 22, 2006 Palestine Peace Not Apartheid When our family moved to the United States in 1974, we stopped in Israel and Jordan to visit some of the holy places. I remember visiting the wailing wall, calvary, and the location of Christ's tomb. Though I was only 7, it left an impression on me. Richard Nixon resigned a month after our arrival. I have vague memories of these times but I can honestly say the first President I really remember is Jimmy Carter . Carter has been a hero of mine for many years because of his honesty, integrity, and his work for peace. In particular, the Carter Center , founded by Carter, has the goal for advancing human rights and alleviating suffering. Recently I read his new book Palestine Peace Not Apartheid with great interest. I was curious to see what this prominent Nobel Peace Prize winner had to say about the Middle East, especially in using the word ' apartheid ' in the title. Continue reading "Palestine Peace Not Apartheid"  Posted by Kenley Neufeld at 10:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio December 19, 2006 Ojai 2006 in Six Words The Huffington Post is having a little contest where readers can leave six-word New Year's Resolutions - they borrowed the idea from magazine SMITH , which had a Six Word Memoir Contest. A few examples from HuffPo: Act honorably or be held accountable. I'm the Person of the Year. We are all in this together Seek peace. Give love. Bring joy. So The Ojai Post is opening up the comments to six word entries with this theme: "Ojai 2006 in Six Words." Might I offer a handful: Hot in February, hotter in July Joe in, David out, Olsen back Farewell Frostie - miss your turkey burgers Cathy Jones doesn't recognize Bruce Norris Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:00 AM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio December 18, 2006 Support The Ojai Poetry Festival In preparation for what promises to be an outstanding festival this coming May, The Ojai Poetry Festival just launched a newly redesigned website where you can learn more about the biennial event that brings famous poets such as Lawrence Ferlinghetti , Galway Kinnell , Robert Bly , Jane Hirshfield , and Gary Snyder to Ojai. The festival is made possible through generous sponsors and loyal, fun-loving volunteers. If you are at all interested in helping out, come check out the next volunteer's meeting on January 8th at 7PM in the Ojai Library . Also, if you or your company are looking to make some tax-deductible donations before the end of the year, why not support the literary arts in your own backyard? Contact the Ojai Poetry Festival for details on the benefits of sponsoring this organization, which brings poetry into Ojai Valley schools, sponsors spoken word events for local poets, and awards the Stan Brown Teen Poetry Prize to encourage local teens to see themselves as writers in the larger literary world. With your help, support, and patronage, this year's festival promises to be the best one yet. Sign up for the newsletter to stay current with news leading up to the festival and to be notified when tickets go on sale . Posted by Robert Peake at 12:00 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio December 12, 2006 Thanks for making me a leader I want to thank Brandon from the bottom of my plastic heart for declaring me one of the leaders of Ojai. Initially, the undeserved honor shocked me: "Me, a leader... wha... huh?..." But now, 20 or 30 minutes of time passing, has allowed me to integrate this new data. So, without further ado, I shall begin to lead... Continue reading "Thanks for making me a leader"  Posted by Mike Didj at 08:58 PM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio December 07, 2006 Spoken Word Salon Going Out In Style Following a controversial decision by Ventura Community College , local poet Gwendolyn Alley will give up hosting Spoken Word Salon at Zoey's Cafe in Ventura in order to keep her teaching job. The final reading will be held on Thursday, December 21st at 7:30 PM at Zoey's Cafe. They're going out in style, featuring Ryan Gillenwater, host of Train of Thought at the Bell Arts Factory, Roe Estep, host of the Artist's Union Gallery reading series , and Jackson Wheeler, co-editor of SOLO and host of the long-standing Arcade Poetry Series in Oxnard. Come hear outstanding local talent, participate in the open mic, enjoy great drinks, and pay tribute to a series that has featured some 200 poets in the past five years - and the remarkable woman behind it all. This is an evening not to be missed. Posted by Robert Peake at 09:05 AM | Permalink  | Comments (6) | author bio November 28, 2006 Ojaiku My most recent post about poetry in this area was met with a spontaneous flurry of poems in the comment section. As a result, and at Tyler's prompting, I thought it might be fun to invite readers of The Ojai Post to submit Haiku. To submit a poem or read others already submitted, simply click the comment link right underneath this article. If you already know what Haiku is all about, you can skip down there now to read and write some Haiku. For those of you unfamiliar with the form, English Haiku is loosely based on the Japanese form from which it gets the name. In English Haiku, the only constraint is that each line have a certain number of syllables. It is actually quite easy: the first line must have five syllables, the second line seven, and the third line five again. That's it. Three lines, twelve syllables total. Traditional Japanese Haiku usually sprung from deep observation of nature. Often the first two lines are meditative and descriptive, and the third and final line of a Haiku presents some element of surprise or revelation, or perhaps a new angle on the subject. This is not always the case, but works well to delight the reader and hopefully leave them with a lasting impression. Here is probably the most famous of all Haiku by a seventeenth century poet named Bashō : The old pond frog jumps in - water's sound. (Note: because this was translated from Japanese, the English version does not conform to the 5, 7, and 5 syllables rule. But it gives you a flavor of traditional Haiku.) If you are interested, you can read more about the Haiku form here . Posted by Robert Peake at 08:03 AM | Permalink  | Comments (10) | author bio November 25, 2006 Bell Arts Factory Poetry Series Hiatus The "Friday On Saturday" Poetry reading series and open mic will take a break in December (for the holidays) and January (because everyone's going to see Mary Oliver), and will start up again on the last Saturday in February, continuing on every subsequent last Saturday of each month, at 7:30 PM at the Bell Arts Factory in Ventura. I had a great time reading there tonight , and look forward to more great poetry again in February. Meanwhile, the Artist's Union Gallery reading series and open mic will still be going strong every Tuesday night at 7:30 at the end of California street - just a short drive from Ojai. Posted by Robert Peake at 11:14 PM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio November 22, 2006 Men of Ojai Calendar Has Arrived! By the hair of our chinny chin chins, The Men of Ojai 2007 Calendar has arrived. You can buy them at: Garden Terrace Gift Shop Kava Gifts Studio Sauvageau Ojai Rexall Table of Contents Kindred Spirit Busy Babes Ojai Video Celtic Carma Salo, Ventura Soul Tonic, Ventura Wild Planet, Ventura And remember to join us this Saturday evening at the Nathan Larramendy Gallery for the artist reception and auction. Thanks to everyone for supporting this project. Happy Thanksgiving! Posted by Demitri Corbin at 08:57 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio November 21, 2006 Poetry at Artist's Union Gallery in Ventura Roe Estep plays host to an intimate, friendly, low-pressure open mic every Tuesday night in the Artist's Union Gallery , where C-street meets the ocean in Ventura. The evenings start at 7:30 PM. On alternate weeks, they also feature a poet or two to read at length. On January 16th, for example, they will feature the outstanding double-header of California State Poet Laureate Al Young and preeminent local poet and publisher Glenna Luschei . Coffee and cookies were provided during the break tonight, with plenty of interesting conversation and unique pieces of modern art to peruse throughout the gallery. Come to read or just to listen, and leave, as I did, a little more full and happy. Posted by Robert Peake at 09:52 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio November 19, 2006 Bart's Books & Childhood Memories Monica Bartindale, daughter of the original owners of Bart's Books, remembers her childhood amongst the stacks in a recent blog entry : My parents had provided me with the most wonderful playground. My playground had books and comic books of every imaginable kind, there were jewels that sparkled, gleamed and teased this young girl. Continue reading "Bart's Books & Childhood Memories"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:11 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio November 18, 2006 Thomas Pynchon, illustrated; 'Gravity's Rainbow' in images LA TIMES BOOK REVIEW by Emily Barton Gravity's Rainbow Illustrated: One Picture for Every Page Zak Smith Tin House: 784 pp., $39.99 Thomas Pynchon's 1973 novel, "Gravity's Rainbow," is still so frenetic, paranoid, preternaturally sharp, abrupt in its changes of subject and tone and relentless in its probing of the sinister connections among sex, high-tech polymers and the Blitz that a person would have to be slightly off to think he understands it enough to illustrate it. Yet Zak Smith, with uninhibited bravado and exactly the right kind of insanity, has done something remarkable in "Gravity's Rainbow Illustrated": created a series of images that approach the richness of their source. He draws a lurid and intoxicating netherworld, complete in its own right and, at the same time, an illuminating companion to the novel. Since all editions of "Gravity's Rainbow" seem to be printed from the same plates, each one of Smith's illustrations will correspond to one page of the foxed copy you've been trucking around since college. Continue reading "Thomas Pynchon, illustrated; 'Gravity's Rainbow' in images"  Posted by Howard Smith at 07:12 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio Join us for a Cuppa Joe at 3pm Hey all - come on down to Stir Crazy on Saturday from 3pm til about 4:15 for Cuppa Joe , a casual community get together. We were mentioned in the VC Reporter this week , but let me add that Cuppa Joe was first proposed by Todd Miller and championed by evan austin and a number of our readers. It's a great idea. See you there, hope you can make it. [UPDATE: 6:47pm] Thanks to all fifteen individuals for coming on down to Stir Crazy and participating in the very first, but not last, Cuppa Joe. It was great to see a bunch of familiar faces, meet a few new people and exchange some dialogue. Consider this an open thread on the event and how you'd like to see it evolve. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 01:00 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio November 16, 2006 Spoken Word Salon At Zoey's In Ventura How many English composition classes serve espresso under atmospheric lighting? As far as I know, only one - and they meet the third Thursday of the month at Zoey's cafe on Main Street in Ventura. Sometimes student-centered open mics get a bad rap for laborious rough-draft poetry and undergraduate antics. Not this place. Tonight featured two top-notch local poets and a brief line up of quality open mic readers. Gwendolyn Alley hosts the series and teaches the class, and thanks to her broad interests and teacherly charm, she gives the evening a casual, positive feel while promoting everything from slam to language poetry to narrative free verse. Literally, there's something for everyone here. If you want to hear some local talent (emphasis on the talent) or read some of your own work as well, be sure to check out Zoey's on the third Thursday of every month starting at 7:30 PM. Posted by Robert Peake at 10:45 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio November 12, 2006 Ojai Valley-wide Discussion (Open Thread) 330 people filed into Nordoff High's gym to participate in the first of three Discussions over the next year. I'm off to dinner and a play at the art center, so I'll give some brief stats, and open up the online discussion... On a scale of 1-9, the following nine issues were first identified by the gathering as the top issues, and then ranked accordingly... more/better transit options: 5 emergency preparedness plan: 7 emergency room: 3 valley-wide communication: 4 valley plan for development: 8 gangs & crime: 5 green & sustainability: 7 traffic: 8 after-school and youth programs: 6 Shout out to evan austin, Kenley Neufeld, Sue Horgan, Rae Hanstad, Bret Bradigan, Steve Olsen, Glenn Emannuel, Dennis Leary, Pete LaFollette, Dave Lawrence and everyone else who took the time to come on down to participate. Steve Bennett and his staff did a really great job preparing and running the discussion. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:05 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio November 09, 2006 Calendar Support The Men of Ojai Calendar goes to print tomorrow. About a dozen stores will be carrying the calendar in Ojai and Ventura, so there's a good chance we can sell all 2,000. But we can could use more community support with presales. Remember, everyone who preorders a calendar will be entered into a drawing. The winner will choose a copy of the 16x23 photo of their choice. Those of you have seen them know that these photographs are stunning. So please go to www.majiquephoto.com to buy your 'Men of Ojai 2007 Calendar, The Fine Art Photography of Attasalina Dews.' These first proceeds will go directly to printing costs. Posted by Demitri Corbin at 10:29 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio November 03, 2006 Where Have All The Outlaws Gone? Finally free and feeling well enough, I headed over to Bart's around 7:15 this evening, but by 7:40 the situation was unchanged: dark inside, empty, "Closed" sign facing out. The Poetix web site explicity lists November 3rd as one of the four Fridays this month that the Outlaw Poets supposedly convene at 7:30 PM. But I got nothing. Maybe I picked the one night this series got cancelled? Throw me a bone, Ojai. Posted by Robert Peake at 09:57 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio October 31, 2006 Poetry Matters In Ventura And Santa Barbara County Shi, Chinese Character For Poem Hello Ojai. A brief introduction: you probably haven't seen me around too much, though I've lived here for a couple of years. I tend to keep to myself. That said, I love community and this one in particular. And I love poetry. So please join me as I seek to uncover goings on in this area related to literature, writing, and the arts. So far the process has been a lot like flipping over stones after a rain and finding all sorts of interesting things wriggling underneath them. Here's one big stone: probably the best resource for poetry events in this area, and one I recommend you bookmark right now is Poetix.Net . Phil Taggart does an excellent job of maintaining a fairly comprehensive listing of poetry goings on for Ventura and Santa Barbara counties. In the realm of poetry superstars, Lawrence Ferlenghetti (who was featured at last year's Ojai Poetry Festival ) will be reading in Santa Barbara this coming Thursday. And Pulitzer Prize winning poet Mary Oliver is coming to our area in January. Lots more poetic goodness on the horizon. Join me as I uncover more offerings, one stone at a time. Posted by Robert Peake at 09:02 AM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio October 29, 2006 HopeDance Films NEEDS some volunteers HopeDance FiLMS NEEDS some volunteers to educate people about fair-trade coffee. We have the screening rights to show the new film BLACK GOLD: WAKE UP AND SMELL THE COFFEE see trailer at www.blackgoldmovie.com. We will be screening the film in Ojai (Sat., Nov 18, 4:30pm) and in SBarbara (Sun., Nov 19th, 4:30 and 6:30pm) We need people to flyer COFFEE shops. We need a list of fair trade coffee establishments to have at the film. Did you know that there is NO roasters doing fair trade in either ventura, ojai or santa barbara? SLO county has two roasters (according to the transfair website... please tell me Im wrong!). Click continue for contact information: Continue reading "HopeDance Films NEEDS some volunteers"  Posted by Raymond Powers at 10:18 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio October 24, 2006 Photos of Ojai Day 2006 This is a photo of the mandala, which was painted in the intersection of Signal and Ojai Ave. by the community on Friday night before Ojai Day. Local artist Ali-Sun painted the center. Late Sunday night, they brought the firehoses and washed away the mandala, as if it were a Tibetan sand painting. Continue reading "Photos of Ojai Day 2006"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:25 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio October 20, 2006 This Weekend in Ojai Hey get out and do something fun! See you at Ojai Day - be sure to stop by the Ojai Peace Coalition/Veterans for Peace/Citizens for Peaceful Resolutions table and meet Ojai Post author evan austin. Tonight, Friday, October 20 OJAI RISING - Our House performance at Libbey Bowl Star Trek, Science, and Mysticism with Robert Ellwood at Krotona The Ojai Day Mandala - 10pm at Signal and Grand - bring the kids! Saturday October 21 Ojai Day! Star Trek, Science, and Mysticism with Robert Ellwood at Krotona Ojai Peddlers Fair at Chapparal Auditorium Movie: "Conversations With God" at Plexus Studio Posted by Tyler Suchman at 05:15 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio  October 12, 2006 Introduction / greetings Jock Doubleday was suspended as an author in October 2008. Despite his claims of censorship , none of his posts have been removed. Greetings! As Shakespeare never said: Now is the summer of our discontent made glorious autumn . . . And a glorious autumn it is. I've lived in Ojai for several years, sometimes making sojourns to distant lands like Poland (to teach English), Panama (to take photos), and Gettysburg -- where I recently wrote a play called "Christmas on the Mason-Dixon Line." I'm hoping to produce the play at one of the theaters in Ojai. Continue reading "Introduction / greetings"  Posted by Jock Doubleday at 07:47 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio October 09, 2006 Lighten Up Ojai! The Ojai Film Festival I knew that would get your attention! I just thought I'd round things out and offer a bit of levity - I think we're ready. All this politicking is getting me down, so I thought I would remind everyone to take advantage of the Ojai Film Festival, which opens this Thursday night. A perfect opportunity to check-out, tune-in and suspend belief for awhile (that is unless you are taking in a documentary, so pace yourself). I wrote an article about it, which is also now on newsstands in the Ojai Visitors Guide : Photo from "The Cave of the Yellow Dog," courtesy of the Ojai Film Festival. I will always say the best time to visit Ojai is during the autumnal equinox. Whenever anyone quips that Californians don’t have seasons, I simply retort, “Sounds like you haven’t been to Ojai in October.” The liquid amber trees’ verdant leaves seem to turn to earth, rust and gold right before your eyes while an early morning light casts an umber glow across the valley that signals fall’s arrival. Shadows lengthen and crisp sunny days yield bright blue skies that frame the Topa Topas in such a way that you’re sure you can reach out and grab Chief Peak’s nose. And clear starry nights beckon you to a bench under a blanket in Libbey Bowl beneath 200-year-old oak trees to gaze up into a movie screen on the opening night of the Ojai Film Festival. It’s nothing short of magical. Continue reading "Lighten Up Ojai! The Ojai Film Festival"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 07:45 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio October 04, 2006 Study shows The Daily Show is as substantive as CBS Evening News No, I'm not kidding. From a study done by an assistant professor at Indiana University: "The Daily Show is much funnier than traditional newscasts, but a new study from Indiana University says it has the same amount of meat on its bones when it comes to coverage of the news. The brand of news coverage Jon Stewart and the rest of The Daily Show's staff brings to the airwaves is just as substantive as traditional news programs like World News Tonight and the CBS Evening News, according to the study conducted by IU assistant professor of telecommunications Julia R. Fox and a couple of graduate students." Posted by Heather McKenzie at 10:43 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio September 07, 2006 The Price of Paradise Santa Barbara County, paradise to some, has seen a dramatic escalation in the cost of housing, thus displacing the community's critical workforce. The experiences of those workers and the impacts to families, community and employers provide insight and an understanding of the need for affordable workforce housing. Interviews, artistic cinematography and a percussionist soundtrack are featured. Continue reading "The Price of Paradise"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:30 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio London Singer/Songwriter Steve Dagleish to play Coffee Connection Josephine Falvo told me about this one: "Our best friends from London, Carolyne and Steve, are arriving into Ojai on 9/13. Steve is an accomplished and talented musician with a very "British" sound." Continue reading "London Singer/Songwriter Steve Dagleish to play Coffee Connection"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:11 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio September 04, 2006 Special Maritime Museum Exhibit by Painter Qi Pang I want to call your attention to a special exhibition at the Ventura County Maritime Museum from September 1st thru October 2nd by the renowned Chinese artist, Qi Pang, who help us curate and mount our program on the Chinese Treasure Fleets of the 15th Century earlier this year. Mr. Pang will showcase a collection of works that demonstrate a lyrical sense of form combined with historical detail that produce images of exotic and timeless beauty. A well established painter from Heilongjiang, China, Mr. Pang has also served as an art designer and appraiser of ancient works of calligraphy and paintings for more than thirty years at the Jilin Museum. There will be an Opening Reception at the Museum on Saturday, September 9 from 3-6 pm. Qi Pang also created the mural that now graces China Alley in Ventura just across the street from the Mission. I hope you will have an opportunity to attend. His work his truly wonderful and should not be missed. For more details see the attached invitation card. Thank you. Continue reading "Special Maritime Museum Exhibit by Painter Qi Pang"  Posted by Howard Smith at 10:23 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio August 25, 2006 Ojai resident, jazz great Maynard Ferguson dead at 78 From the AP ... Jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson, known for his soaring high notes and for his recording of "Gonna Fly Now," a hit version of the theme from the "Rocky" movies, has died. He was 78. Ferguson, who lived in nearby Ojai, died Wednesday night at Community Memorial Hospital of kidney and liver failure due to an abdominal infection, friend and manager Steve Schankman said Thursday. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:56 AM | Permalink | author bio August 16, 2006 Am I Hot Enough? Okay, so I'm at Movino's a couple of weeks ago and this idea pops into my head. "Wouldn't it be great to have a 'Men of Ojai' calendar? ' I start taking a poll and I ask a few handsome men would they be willing to pose nude for a charitable cause. They all answer with an enthusiastic, "Yes!" The women very quickly chime in on the idea and we end the evening with a good laugh. Then I forget about it. Continue reading "Am I Hot Enough?"  Posted by Demitri Corbin at 10:54 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio July 22, 2006 The Future of Music? Sarah McLachlan - "World on Fire" The video beautifully articulates the disparity between the first world and the third world, and how modest amounts of well-intentioned money create great positive change, buoyed by optimism and hope. I have tremendous admiration for Sarah, her management and her label, to make this elegant and effective statement. cross posted at artistsofchange.com Posted by Tyler Suchman at 11:58 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio July 18, 2006 Bloggers Get Nod From Wall St. Journal Wall Street Journal reporter, Matt Phillips, contacted me recently about an entry made here on Ojai Post . It was a quick post about the DVD's that our neighbors here in Ojai are renting. I couldn't believe our little blog had been discovered by such a prestigious national publication. It seems that Mr. Phillips has a knack for sleuthing out what's happening on the blogs, which gives him a good indication of what's going on with the Average Joe. Often times when he's got an assignment, he will go online to see what people are talking about. He plugged in "coffee table" and Netflix" into his search and, bam, Ojai Post came up. His article is on the front page of today's WSJ online, and it's one of today's free features. Continue reading "Bloggers Get Nod From Wall St. Journal"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 07:15 AM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio July 15, 2006 DNC's Voting Rights Institute Calls for "Manual Count" of all Ballots in Busby/Bilbray Election DNC Voting Rights Institute on CA-50 Special Election For several weeks since the June 6th Special Election in California’s 50th Congressional District there have been reports of election irregularities. The DNC Voting Rights Institute (“VRI”) has been monitoring the developments since Election Day and has raised a number of concerns regarding new and disturbing information. First and foremost is the fact that any election where there are allegations of machine tampering, break downs in chain of custody, security breaches and other such irregularities must be taken seriously. There are several facts in this race that raise very deep concerns. On the facts: Continue reading "DNC's Voting Rights Institute Calls for "Manual Count" of all Ballots in Busby/Bilbray Election"  Posted by Howard Smith at 06:15 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio July 11, 2006 Shine On You Crazy Diamond Syd Barrett , dead at 60. LONDON - Syd Barrett, the troubled Pink Floyd co-founder who spent his last years in reclusive anonymity, has died, the band said Tuesday. He was 60. A spokeswoman for the band said Barrett died several days ago, but she did not disclose the cause of death. Barrett had suffered from diabetes for years. The surviving members of Pink Floyd - David Gilmour, Nick Mason, Roger Waters and Richard Wright - said they were "very upset and sad to learn of Syd Barrett's death...Syd was the guiding light of the early band lineup and leaves a legacy which continues to inspire," they said in a statement. Continue reading "Shine On You Crazy Diamond"  Posted by Tyler Suchman at 09:29 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio July 10, 2006 June Allyson, Actress and Ojai Resident, Dies at 88 This just hit the wires. Allyson died Saturday at her home in Ojai, with her husband of nearly 30 years, David Ashrow, at her side, Powell said. She died of pulmonary respiratory failure and acute bronchitis after a long illness. "I had the most wonderful last meeting with June at her house in Ojai. We had gotten lost in the car. She told me: `I could wait for you forever.' We were such dear friends. I will miss her," lifelong friend Esther Williams said. Wasn't she the one who started the Hollywood-Ojai craze back in the day? I know there is a significant historical connection here, but perhaps someone out there knows the particulars. Posted by Lisa Snider at 03:10 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio July 09, 2006 Summer Reading Summer, it turns me upside down. Summer, summer, summer, it’s like a merry-go-round. It’s Sunday, and as is typical on a Sunday in July, I’m soaking in the cool green muck that clings to the corners and curves of my pool. Hundred degree days invite the emerald monster to creep in despite due diligence with chemicals and brushing. I wade in, brush in hand, ready to tackle the task at hand. I scour, scrub and scrape, coaxing the grime away until my shoulders begin to strain. Now and then the handle slips and I grate my knuckles on the side of the pool. The scab from last week was just healing when I manage to grind it off again. I wince just as a breeze kicks up, blowing more oak leaves in. I had just scooped a net-full off. I grab the net again, scooping more leaves and a drowning yellow jacket, too, who had no doubt just buzzed in for a drink. A spider hangs off the coping and refuses to get into the net. I grab the brush again and whisk it away. A water bug swims around my waist. He’s swift and cunning, but I finally catch him and hoist him onto the deck. Sydney, my yellow lab, sniffs at the hopping pest then quickly moves on to other smells in the yard. I feel something crawling on my back. Continue reading "Summer Reading"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 05:29 PM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio June 26, 2006 Censorship for Whose Own Good? I ran over to Bart’s Books Saturday afternoon to see if I could find a Ray Bradbury book. I figured if I was going to a book signing, I ought to have a book for him to sign. I’m ashamed to say that I skimmed Fahrenheit 451 in high school and spent more time with the Cliff’s Notes than the book itself, though it was practically beat into me how important this book was. So, happy to have any excuse to venture into Bart’s Books, I willingly got lost between the stacks, meeting the torn and dusty likes of Joyce, Bronte, James and low and behold, nestled amongst the Sci-Fi section, Bradbury. There was only one copy of F. 451 and I snatched it up like it was the last pixie tangerine of the season at the Farmers Market. I read the inside cover: “Fahrenheit 451 – the temperature at which book paper catches fire, and burns…” An early eighties reprint, it’s in relatively good shape, with yellowing pages and notes in the margins that tell me this book was loved. And at $7.50, a bargain find. I sat side-by-side with aspiring authors at the Santa Barbara Writers Conference , waiting for Ray Bradbury to take the stage. I eye the crowd, which was absolutely what you would expect of wannabe writers. Not particularly well-dressed or even necessarily well-groomed, but certainly well-prepared and exceedingly punctual: a graying, balding, fifty-something bespectacled man with not three hairs on his head proudly collected into a pony tail; a tall, brooding, dark, big-haired woman with a fuzzy leopard print hat. Nearly everyone had a writing implement, be it pen and paper or an IMac. Geeks galore. And I was one of them. At least I tried to be. Oh, hell, I desperately yearned to be! Continue reading "Censorship for Whose Own Good?"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 04:00 PM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio June 23, 2006 Santa Barbara Writers Conference This Weekend The Santa Barbara Writers Conference starts tomorrow and runs through next Friday at the DoubleTree Resort. At $795 plus meals and lodging, I think I will just take advantage of the individually ticketed events. Ray Bradbury, author of the Martian Chronicles and Fahrenheit 451 , is opening the conference tomorrow evening for the 34th year in a row. He has held this tradition since the conference first started in 1972. They say that if you have never heard him speak, you must. I'm grabbing a ticket at the door for just $15.00. Read on for more details and other featured authors , such as John Grogan, Erica Jong, Nilo Cruz and T.C. Boyle... Continue reading "Santa Barbara Writers Conference This Weekend"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 01:52 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio June 16, 2006 INXS at the Lobero Saw INXS the other night at the historic Lobero theater in Santa Barbara. Read the review as reported to the Santa Barbara on-line magazine Edhat . Posted by Lisa Snider at 08:17 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio May 22, 2006 Backstage at the Ojai Global Groove Fest While the rain and a little competition from the Joshua Tree Festival made for a smaller audience than the 1,200 in attendance at the last RageJax/Freiberg festival, there were still plenty of revelers who stayed on to hear the last act of the Ojai Global Groove Fest, Particle. Make-shift tents covered the lawn area, keeping attendees dry, while the Corn Man sold the last of his barbecued cobs and the tie die and coconut jewelry vendors started to pack-up. I caught up with Eric Gould, Particle’s bassist, backstage before the show. Continue reading "Backstage at the Ojai Global Groove Fest"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 11:01 AM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio May 20, 2006 How 80's Girl Got Her Groove On I am going to go out on a limb here and make a confession. Let’s just keep this between us, okay? My musical roots lie somewhere between Wang Chung and whoever that guy was that did the Safety Dance. That’s right, I’m an 80’s girl and I still have the Footloose soundtrack cassette tape to prove it. Sure, there was U2, Midnight Oil and Billy Idol – they rocked. But mostly it was along the lines of the Go-Go’s, Flock of Seagulls, Culture Club and the Thompson Twins for me. My mantras: Papa Don’t Preach , Girls Just Want to Have Fun , Everybody Wang Chung Tonight . I know, it’s a vast wasteland of a musical desert lacking substance and anything remotely considered to be talent. So I knew when Tyler asked me to cover the Global Groove Fest , it would be a stretch for me. Continue reading "How 80's Girl Got Her Groove On"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 05:39 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio May 13, 2006 Particle to Play at Global Groove Fest The Global Groove Fest is coming to Ojai next weekend and will feature nine bands over two days in Libbey Park, May 20-21. In the line-up is the Los Angeles based fivesome, Particle. Particle is a touring phenomenon, having played some 700 shows worldwide since 2000. The band has been featured in Rolling Stone, CNN, The Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, and now The Ojai Post. Eric Gould, bassist and founding member, told me in a recent interview that he and the band are looking forward to coming to Ojai, a place he visited once just a couple of years ago but has never played. “We love playing places for the first time.” Having been on the road so much, being able to play just an hour and a half from Los Angeles feels like they are at home, particularly since they can just hop in a car and not have to drag out the tour bus. Photo by Casey Flanigan. Pictured (left to right): Scott Metzger, Steve Molitz, Eric Gould, Darren Pujalet, Ben Combe Continue reading "Particle to Play at Global Groove Fest"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 05:19 PM | Permalink  | Comments (2) | author bio April 26, 2006 Village of Tales The Village of Tales is happening May 4-7 in downtown Ojai at Libbey Bowl. You will hear stories that make you laugh, stories full of adventure and stories that fill your spirit with joy from some of the world's finest tellers. When was the last time you heard a great story? Call 646-8907 or www.villageoftales.org . A special treat: come sample the festival for free on Thursday May 4, from 7 to 8:30 in Libbey Bowl. Please pass this on to five friends Posted by Howard Smith at 05:11 PM | Permalink | author bio April 25, 2006 Ojaians' DVD Rental Habits Uncovered According to Netflix , these are currently the top 10 movies watched by Netflixers in Ojai: 1.Bee Season 2.Rabbit-Proof Fence 3.Nine Lives 4.The Best of Youth 5.Oliver Twist Continue reading "Ojaians' DVD Rental Habits Uncovered"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 07:40 AM | Permalink  | Comments (7) | author bio April 19, 2006 'Awha'y MoonLight Ride Children/Elders of all ages ... join us for the third 'Moonthly' Full-Moon Bicycle Ride, Saturday, 13 May 2006, starting at 8:30 pm at the Libby Fountain. A family affair ... costumes encouraged ... and lights for bicycle front and back ...and extra blinking lights and bells and similar wonders! Continue reading "'Awha'y MoonLight Ride"  Posted by Millennium Twain at 05:26 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio April 11, 2006 The Beat of a Different Drummer My Finding Ojai column from the current issue of the Ojai Visitors Guide... Photo by Brooks Smothers It’s springtime in the park. Birds are singing, flowers are blooming, children are laughing, sage is burning and hippies are drumming. I’m in Libbey Park on a Sunday afternoon and completely out of my element…and I’m swooning. I’m swooning because I have found myself smack dab in the middle of Ojai’s inner circle; that elusive place that we hear of in whispers, witness from the fringes and rarely get to experience ourselves. Yet it’s what makes this quirky little town so endearing. Continue reading "The Beat of a Different Drummer"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:45 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio April 03, 2006 A Few of My Favorite Sites I just got DSL and I’m a little loopy. Until just a few days ago, I was on dial-up. Not as horrifying an admission as the fact that I only wash my gym clothes once a week, but startling nonetheless. It seems that in my little corner of the Ojai Valley, high-speed internet is pretty hard to come by. I’m on Earthlink now, and the experience thus far has been trying. Sitting at my computer in robe and slippers on Sunday morning, on hold for an eternity with someone I’m sure is on the other side of the planet trying to tell me just what buttons to push on my magic little box while watching Tim Russert put the hurt on Al Franken is not my idea of fun. I’m not blown away by the speed, either, as I had expected I would be (imagining wind blowing through my hair with each click of the mouse). Maybe a visit to Tyler’s Tuesday computer clinic is in order. But it has led me to explore this alternate reality we live in. And I’m not talking about Ojai, no, I mean the Internet. Continue reading "A Few of My Favorite Sites"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:47 AM | Permalink  | Comments (9) | author bio March 26, 2006 Q with Michael McFadden A week or so ago, the Topa Topas got a lovely dusting of snow and I knew that if anyone could have captured the moment, it would have been local photographer, Michael McFadden . We all know of his work from his book, “Color of Ojai,” and of course, his calendars, which I buy every year. So when I contacted him, he did not disappoint and offered up three amazing scenes. I asked if I could share these images on Ojai Post, and he said it would be fine as long as they don’t get used anywhere else without his permission (there’s the disclaimer). Continue reading "Q with Michael McFadden"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 06:12 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio March 25, 2006 A video game for intellectuals I’m not a technically inclined person, although I’ve been around them from day one. My father earned one of the first masters’ degrees Stanford gave in computer science and engineering, my brother began programming computers when he was 11, my first boyfriend claims the CIA came to his house when he was 14 because he and his buddy had hacked into NASA. However, a game that will be released late this year or early next year has excited me so much I had to share it. Spore allows you to evolve life from a microscopic organism to a space faring civilization with detailed steps along the way. Continue reading "A video game for intellectuals"  Posted by Heather McKenzie at 10:56 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 22, 2006 One-Act Festival Ojai Art Center Theater presents the One-Act Play Festival, running through April 1. So much to do in this little town, how does one decide? Continue reading "One-Act Festival"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 12:15 PM | Permalink  | Comments (0) | author bio March 20, 2006 Oklahoma Comes To Ojai! The Nordhoff High School Music Department presents Oklahoma , which runs 3/16-25. If you didn't get to see it last weekend, there is still time. My friend, Matt Haag, will provide a review in the comments section of this post shortly. Posted by Lisa Snider at 11:07 AM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio March 17, 2006 saw Ashes and Snow... loved it Saint Patrick - w00t! I'm happy to announce that I've been dating a very lovely blues singer for one year now. Her name is April Hendrix. You can hear her sing at Movino's in the Ojai Arcade on Friday evening, March 31st from 8:30 till the wee hours. So anyway, to celebrate our anniversary, we cruised down the PCH through Malibu to see this wonderful art show Ashes and Snow adjacent to the Santa Monica Pier. This is a fabulous show, spiritually moving, sensual and powerful. Highly recommended, check it out. After a lovely dinner with April's godmother in Malibu, we drove back to Ojai and went to Joan Kemper's pad up on Saddle Mountain where a handful of Ojai moguls met to discuss this new pageant play "Ojai Rising" that Scott Campbell is putting together. More on that later. Here's to love and art. Peace. Posted by Chris Wilson at 09:20 PM | Permalink  | Comments (4) | author bio March 16, 2006 Ojai Society of Zen Knitters I don’t sew, I don’t cook, I don’t clean and I don’t scrapbook (yes, it’s apparently now a verb). “It’s a good thing,” is not an abiding mantra for me. But for some inexplicable reason, I do knit. Not well, I might add, but I’m getting along just fine with long rectangular projects, which despite the holes and bulges get passed off at Christmastime as presents for friends and family, much to their dismay. Continue reading "Ojai Society of Zen Knitters"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 10:09 AM | Permalink  | Comments (1) | author bio March 10, 2006 Just For Fun - A Bit of Fiction A bit of a departure from what we've been doing, but I thought I'd share something I've been working on. Feedback much appreciated: Continue reading "Just For Fun - A Bit of Fiction"  Posted by Lisa Snider at 09:37 AM | Permalink  | Comments (5) | author bio March 06, 2006 Sunny Morning Bike Ride to the Grocery This is my first blog post ever... Could be any day that I hop on the bike for a breakfasty ride up the path toward Starr Market. Crossing Montgomery I here a soft guitar and the soulful chirp of late boyhood. I briefly forget the grocery mission and turn to hear more. I pull up to a small gathering with familiar faces, a friendly enough bunch welcoming Charlie "Chaz" Benton's Gallery, Brett Dennen is making sweet crushed velvet folk music. Charlie says "hello" and welcomes me inside for sparkling bevarage and baked goods. I like Chaz' paintings, beautifully folky with vibrant colors and vintage frames. And I like his gallery: A little bit of pottery and a few other artists, not much more than a shoe box in the Firehouse next door to the Art Center. Where's your website Charlie? And after a rich, buttery cookie, I duck back outside and continue on my way, rolling down the back pathway and over the Art Center bridge. I sidle through Libbey Park thinking about how lucky I am to be a human in this fine spot on the planet. That's a rainy Monday Ojai memory. Posted by Chris Wilson at 01:02 PM | Permalink  | Comments (3) | author bio February 27, 2006 Welcome to The Ojai Post! The Ojai Post is a community blog, featuring Ojai residents from all walks of life writing about the unique Ojai experience. Ojai is a special place, not just for its geography, flora and fauna, small-town architecture and rich native American history - its also because of the people - talented, creative souls who tend to walk to the beat of their own drummer and carve their own path through life. Check in for daily musings, rants, Ojai news and greater goings-on from the place some call Shangri-La. Posted by Tyler Suchman at 02:07 PM | Permalink | author bio Resource Pages Ojai City News Aliso Street Bear Stop The Trucks Ojai Skate Park Municipal Advisory Council Ojai Water Issues Ojai Photos: Join In! Ojai Village Walking Guide Recent Comments [Filme online 2013 gratis ] on Oak View Memorial Day Parade is May [Wordpress Website Design] on Oak View Memorial Day Parade is May [BonartRar] on New Post Coming Soon [yddpzuYK] on New Post Coming Soon [International Domain Tran] on Oak View Memorial Day Parade is May [slim pomegranate] on What Rush Hour Could Look Like: The [michael kors watches] on Oak View Memorial Day Parade is May [xiu tang bee pollen] on Opinion: Expanded bear hunts don't Categories Around Ojai Arts & Entertainment Beyond Ojai Business & Politics Education Energy & Environment Food Healing Original Writings Outdoors Pets & Animals Religion Reviews Social Issues Sports Technology Resource Archive Swine Flu Pandemic Gypsy Moth Spraying Matilija Dam Removal Ojai City Council 2008 MAC Elections 2008 Chain Stores Ballot Initiatives Ojai Storm Watch City Council Recall The Day Fire Zaca Fire Information  