 The Car Culture by James Flink A summary by Tracy R. Carpenter This article by James J. Flink looks at the impact of the automobile technique on themany facets of society. The invention of the automobile was one technique that hada tremendous impact on society as a whole and changed the inner workings of thesocial machine forever. The auto had profound effects on the economical, social, moral, as well asenvironmental aspects of society. Economic The economic impact not only would affect the manufacturers and the buyers ofautos, but the employment factor and the banking systems. The family budget waschange, priorities changed. Families suddenly felt that autos were a necessary foreveryday living(in part due to media) and needed to be obtained even sacrificingother life needs. Cars were expensive for the times and families were having a hard time coming upwith the resources to afford cars. Manufacturers wanted to make money so theycollaborated with bankers and factions of society that held capital to find a way tosell more autos--thus the birth of installment payments or credit. The bankinginstitutions would lend families money to afford cars from the manufacturers, ofcourse at a profit. The credit business had only just begun. The thinking shiftedfrom "honest day's work for honest day's pay", to pay for needs and wants, to"work till you're tired, then charge what you want and need". Social The social structure was also rocked by the popularity of the auto. They way inwhich families lived, worked, and played was altered. The community wasimpacted--the auto allow individuals to escape the pressure of conformity orprejudice and start life elsewhere(The very stuff societies are made of). Family talksafter supper were replaced by family drives. Instead of living in close proximity totheir places of employment, with the auto, families could move out of the smoke-filled cities to their own little "paradise" away from the big city. Consequently,socialization that revolved around the workplace took a different turn. There was significant impact upon the SEC of America with the coming of the auto. The sale of new shiny autos posed a new issue: What do we do all these used carswhen we persuade families to buy new cars and upgrade their previous models? So,a new industry evolved: Used Car Sales or what we today called Previously Owned . Who would buy these cars? Well, families that couldn't afford new cars and wereat the lower end of the SEC ladder could be consumers. The families with themeans to move out of the cities did so, leaving the poorer blue-collar workers in thepolluted city. What evolved from this the appearance of urban ghettos and middle-class suburbs. The job market as well as other economic markets boomed as a result of auto salesboom. There had to be workers that could produce the autos. There had to befactories erected to house auto-production operations. Roads had to be built andpaved. These specially trained individuals had to learn their trades, so an earlymodel of the vocational tech school was needed. Moral The moral issue was surely intertwined in the "new technology" of the auto. Flinkargues that the auto was the start of the breakdown of family relations and ofmorality. The auto gave eager teens a place to be deviant(basically sexual acts and"making out"). The relationship between parents and teens was demolished. Where teens might be "forced" to converse with parents(after there wasn'tanywhere to go), now teens could borrow or steal the car and go pretty muchwherever they wanted. Families and neighbors used to sit on the porch andsocialize, now everyone has somewhere to go. Environmental The auto forever change the lands and the environment in ways that would pave thepath for future technologies. The auto technology demanded the manipulation ofearth resources like steel, glass, oil, ect. The Earth's resources were molded andfixed into the raw materials needed to produce the auto. The autos needed a placeto travel that would less stressful on them than having to travel over fields androckbeds, thus roadways were born. Waterways had to be produced to get waterand electricity out to the outskirts of town where many had chosen to settle. Newhomesteads and ranches built up required clearing of small forests and wildernesses. The face of American was definitely changing. The auto was the beginning of a huge technological boom in American history. The"snowball" effect of technology can clearly be seen with the emergence of the autoindustry. Ellul and McGinn frequently write of being overrun by technology, wellthe auto is a clear example. With the invention of the auto, came the emergence ofall these other industries and issues. The auto could also be interpreted as one ofthe beginnings of what Winters calls technological drift, and it continues today. It'sgot to be bigger, faster, smarter, until the end of existence.  