 Entertainment Web Humor Search Web Humor Viral Videos Memes & Comics Blogs & Social Life, Arts, and Entertainment Humor Find comedy and research materials on various Arts and Entertainment topics, such as Movies, Television, Radio, Books, and Dance. Life subjects run the gamut from Fashion, Dating, and Sports to Technology, Computers, the Internet, and Real Life (sometimes known as "Found") Humor with Bloopers and Mistakes. Advice, 8-Balls & How To's (18) Horoscopes & Psychos (11) Animals & Pets (40) Movies (480) Be Funny & Create Humor @ Office, Job, Workplace (16) Cartoons, Comic Strips &... @ Online Toys, Games & Tim... @ Cell Phones & Ringtones (6) Politics (48) Computers & The Internet (40) Radio (25) Dance (8) Real Life Humor (68) Dating (7) Religion (10) Family Fun & Jokes (16) School & Education (22) Fashion (14) Sports (22) Food (23) Stand-Up Comedy @ Haiku (4) TV (104) Holidays & Seasons @ Guide Book Picks - Recommended Humor Reading Looking for laughs or insights into the minds of humorists? Check out these books at your library. They make fine gifts, too. Mona Lisa Smiles The painting may be falling apart, according to the news. We're here to help with two excellent distorting toys to rework da Vinci's lady: Mona Lips-Sync and Making Over Mona (Lisa). Spotlight on: The Gopher Dance In Dance Humor : If you only had one spotlight, of course, you'd aim it at the versatile Mr. Gopher, from "Caddyshack." Be like me, Mike, and get your own spotlight. Gopher not included. Spotlight on: Odeon Usherette In Movies Humor : Walk this way for a theatrical Flash game. Spotlight on: "Shorties Watchin' Shorties" In TV Humor & TV Comedy Shows : Popular comedians' stand-up routines are fashioned into videos by adding cartoon imagery. Watch clips online. Spotlight on: "Who's on First?" In Sports Humor : Bud Abbott and Lou Costello go to bat with the grand slam of stand-up comedy routines. Spotlight on: Jesus vs. Elvis In Religious Humor : The greatest theological document since "In the Ghetto." This Day in Humor What happened? Something funny occurred on this date in history, that's what. Find celebrity birthdays and year 'round humorous history. Free Web Humor Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Web Humor Must Reads Best New Memes of 2013 Best Parodies of Daft Punk's Get Lucky Funniest Shredded Videos on YouTube The Surreal Life of Bizarro Comics 10 Most Popular YouTube Humor Clips Ever Most Popular 10 Funny Vine Users To Follow The 20 Funniest Webcomics The 13 Funniest Harry Potter Comedy Videos Online Best Displeased Purple Bill Clinton Memes The 25 Best Articles from The Onion Free Web Humor Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Funny Websites Viral Videos Best of the Best Web Comics Stupid But Funny Blogs, Tweets & Emails Holiday Humor Smart Stuff For Kids Web Humor About.com Entertainment Web Humor Life, Arts, Entertainment Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 