  Home Services General Services Engine and Diagnostics A/C  Heating Systems Brakes and Steering Services Specials Contact Us Family Owned  Operated Family Owned & Operated CUSTOMER SERVICE (936) 271-1110 6495 College Park Drive, The Woodlands, TX 77384 Hours: Monday - Friday 7am-6:30pm, Saturday 8am-5pm, Sunday Closed       Complete auto service All Makes and Models Foreign and Domestic Our ASE-certified technicians use the latest technology and equipment to repair and service your vehicle. Quality car maintenance Factory Scheduled Maintenance Extended Warranties Welcome We keep you up to date on all of your factory scheduled maintenance and provide a courtesy inspection of all major components every time you visit. Fair friendly service Customer Shuttle Services Available! We will help transport you to and from your home or business while your vehicle is being serviced at Repair One  Appointment Request  ...   read more Preventative Maintenance  Vehicles require two types of service...   read more Rewards Program  Save money with our Rewards Card...   read more Specials  Print current coupons here...   read more AUTO REPAIR YOU CAN TRUST Repair One Automotive is family owned and operated conveniently located at College Park Drive and Greenbridge Drive in The Woodlands, Texas. We are a full service auto repair and service facility for Import and Domestic vehicles. We have been in the car repair business for 23 years and in The Woodlands location for 10 years. Our mission at Repair One is to provide quality and dependable auto repair and service with complete integrity and to build long term relationships based on honesty, service and respect. We are a AAA recommended repair facility with top Customer Service Index Scores repeatedly. Our technicians are ASE certified and trained. They are well versed in the latest computerized equipment in our shop to repair your car. We offer free area shuttle service or a comfortable waiting lobby with free wi-fi if you choose to wait. At Repair One Automotive, we want to be your dependable neighborhood car repair service center.. "At Repair One Automotive our goal is to provide quality, dependable auto repair and service with complete integrity and to build long-term relationships based on honesty, service, and respect." -Brent & Brenda O'Neal,  Owners Repair One Automotive can handle all of your auto repair services including: Complete Computer Diagnostics Complete Safety Analysis Drivability Problems Tune-ups Oil Changes Tires Brake repair specialists Steering and Suspensions Alignments Fuel System Services Coolant Systems State Inspections Air Conditioning Service Electrical Systems Fleet Maintenance Engine Work view all services  Back to Top Home General Services Specials Contact Us  2012 All Right Reserved. Repair One - Woodlands • 6495 College Park Drive • The Woodlands, TX 77384 • Phone: 936.271.1110 