  Best Of  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies News Home The Snitch Blog Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Calendar Home Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Tickets Music Home All Shook Down Blog Concert Calendar Bars and Clubs Bouncer Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile Music Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Restaurants Home SFoodie Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Arts Home The Exhibitionist Blog Theater Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Film Home Showtimes Film Festivals Film Newsletter Get Mobile Free Stuff Best Of Home 2012 2011 2010 2009 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads Promotions Home Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets Advertiser Index Deals Deals Newsletter Alternative Healing MMJ Home MMJ News Dispensary Guide MMJ Newsletter  Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Bars & Clubs Food & Drink People & Places Shopping & Services Sports & Recreation Readers' Poll Winners Best BlogSFistBest ComedianJoe KlocekBest WriterDave EggersBest Local Rock BandThee Oh Sees Best Local Rapper/MCRichie Cunning Best Music FestivalHardly Strictly Bluegrass Best Live Music VenueThe FillmoreBest MuseumSF MOMABest Film FestivalSan Francisco International Film FestivalBest TheaterThe Castro TheatreBest Theater CompanyAmerican Conservatory Theater Best Stage ActorAnn RandolphBest ArtistJeremy FishBest Art Gallery111 Minna  More >> Best Theater Company Shotgun Players You almost start to wonder whether the people at Shotgun haven't sold their souls to the devil. Otherwise it's difficult to explain how the company manages to achieve its elusive combination of artistic daring, cultural relevance, and showstopping kickassery  and just keeps doing it, show after show. Shotgun opened its 2011 season with Beardo, a new musical about Rasputin, More >> Best Stage Actor Geoff Hoyle Just when you thought you were terrified of clowns, Geoff Hoyle comes along to show you just how amazing a clown can be. This Broadway veteran  he originated the role of Zazu in The Lion King  has practiced his craft for decades, including stints in the Pickle Family Circus and Cirque du Soleil. In 2011, he introduced Bay More >> Best Stage Actress Ren Augesen As the curtain rises on Harold Pinter's 1964 play The Homecoming, we find ourselves in a North London house full of men brimming with unexamined rage. Enter Ruth, returning to England after a few years' absence in America. She places the men under her spell even as she surrenders to their need for sexual conquest  and by play's end, More >> Best Literary-Prowess Public Art Language of the Birds Few examples of San Francisco public art reflect their setting as successfully as this site-specific installation at North Beach's cultural nexus. Brian Goggins and Dorka Keehn's Language of the Birds catches 23 open books in midflight over Columbus and Broadway, spilling random phrases onto the asphalt below. The suspended books are crafted from translucent white polycarbonate embedded with LED lights More >> Best Punk Rock Art Shows Needles  Pens You might think of Needles and Pens as the best place to get a plethora of zines, handmade clothes, quirky jewelry, and weird knickknacks, but the far left corner of the store consistently plays host to the kinds of exhibits other cities' punks and underground collectives only dream about. Standout shows have included the "Maximum Rocknroll Photo Show"  where More >> Best DIY Letterpress Oh Happy Day Oh Happy Day's one-day beginner art classes are offered in bookbinding, screenprinting, and calligraphy, but it's the beginners' letterpress class at $135 that gets our vote. Jordan Ferney, who runs the class at the aptly named Ferney Art Studio, teaches students how to work with photopolymer plates and proof presses to imprint designs they've created or chosen onto white cotton More >> Best Experimental Music Gathering On Land Festival www.onlandfestival.com The multiday, multimedia On Land festival is a serious contender for Experimental Music Event of the Whole Left Coast. Put together by local label Root Strata, venerable purveyors of drone and ambient and improv releases, the 2-year-old fest has already hosted acclaimed national acts like Grouper and Oneohtrix Point Never, locals Tarentel and Barn Owl, and the mini-reunion of Houston's More >> Best Webzine The Bold Italic If print is endangered, the people who created the Bold Italic a year and a half ago were thoughtful enough to name their webzine in tribute to it. That's far from their only thoughtfulness, of course: The whole spirit of the enterprise is bite-sized immersion journalism by people committed to indulging their longstanding fascinations  rescue dogs and running clubs, More >> Best Rock 'n' Roll Bathroom Bimbo's 365 Club It's rare to look forward to going to the bathroom at a rock show, but Bimbo's is definitely the place to be when guitars and nature call at the same time. An Art Deco marvel in North Beach since 1931, Bimbo's doesn't leave its class at the bar with the sharply dressed staff. There are also sharply dressed attendants in More >> Best Cover Songs Using No Hands The Smiths Project Following the deaths of two close friends in 2009, Janice Whaley decided to spend 2010 doing something life-affirming: recording every song in the Smiths' catalog using only her voice. But it wasn't until she upgraded from single-vocal versions to employing up to 50 layered tracks that the Smiths Project graduated from ambitious to remarkable. Recorded in her bedroom closet in More >> Best Way to Simultaneously See Local Bands and Hear Classic Songs Undercover Presents Sometimes you want to check out one of the myriad local bands that your friends are always going on about, but usually you just want to hear songs you know and love. UnderCover Presents scratches both itches, putting on shows  events, really  dedicated to an entire classic album, performed by area musicians who put their own spin on More >> Best Suburban Funk Band Pocket Full of Rye Since its 2009 debut, Pocket Full of Rye has become a staple at underground charity fundraisers and hip literary readings. The band's suave style  just a guitar, a cello, and the voice you want singing you to sleep at night  fits any performance space and goes down like smooth whiskey. At live shows they perform original songs, Misfits More >> Best Backing Band Most Likely to Score a Gig on a Late-Night Talk Show The Park Derek Taylor based his senior thesis on analyzing Ahmir "?uestlove" Thompson's drumming on "Concerto of the Desperado." It was a prescient piece of musical minutiae, as drummer Taylor's own band, the Park, is fast following the career steps of ?uestlove's Roots crew by having not just secured a spot as S.F.'s most in-demand backing unit  Wallpaper, Dorando, and Alice More >> Best Sneaker-Obsessed Female Rapper Who Can Hang with the Boys Josie Stingray Nicki Minaj may have risen to pop prominence with her self-styled living Barbie doll chic, but with an infatuation for sneaker culture, Josie Stingray has positioned herself as the ultimate modern hip-hop chick. Savvy enough to throw a reference to Tinker Hatfield, the designer of the original Nike Air Jordans, into her rhymes, Stingray holds her own among producer Trackademicks' More >> Best Hip-Hop Musicians Who Put Their Money Where Their Mouths Are Zion I  the Grouch Reports of rappers engaging in charitable endeavors usually revolve around tales of Jay-Z and Nas giving out a few free Thanksgiving turkeys to residents of their former housing projects. But the Bay Area's Zion I and the Grouch are taking an authentic grassroots approach to the idea of effecting social change through music by donating a percentage of profits from More >> Best Chance to Get Drunk at the Library  for a Good Cause Friends of the San Francisco Public Library's IMBIBE Yes, Virginia, there are drunks at the library. Those men you see spinning in the Main Branch's atrium as if channeling Julie Andrews in The Sound of Music are not, in fact, channeling Julie Andrews in The Sound of Music. But is it possible to get hammered at the library, legally  and for a good cause? You bet your More >> Best Irish/Celtic Folk Jam Seisins at Plough and Stars To call a seisin a jam is akin to calling a Guinness a beer and leaving it at that. There's just so much more to it. Twice a week, the mandolins, fiddles, dulcimers, tin whistles, singers, and even the set of pipes come out to play for a packed house of punters (that'd be you and me, the listening and More >> Best Excuse to Break Out the Plaid Slacks American Idle's Punk Rock Karaoke We will never be Henry Rollins  we've got about 20 tats, 20 tours of the country by van, and 20 years in the gym ahead of us before we can get close to Hank  but we can sound like him (kinda) when we belt out the Black Flag tunes that made our upbringings so much less comfortable at More >> Best Freestyle Throwdown on the Lowdown Last Monday of the Month at Showdown For a gathering of the mics long on true lyrical rhyme-setters and short on wannabe MCs, it helps to have a pair of wax-wise crate-diggers dispensing live kicks, drums, and snares from the DJ booth. Then again, seasoned backpackers with records older than the up-and-coming hyphy head next on the mic can get down with the $5 pints of gin-and-juice More >> Best One-Stop Dinner and a Movie Caffe BaoNecci's Giovedi Film Every second Thursday of the month, this tiny, homey cafe in North Beach run by the Gambaccini family from Lucca, Italy, turns into a movie house. Misanthropes seeking the anonymity of a dark theater need not apply: At BaoNecci, you take your seat at rows of tables where you rub elbows with other film aficionados, and it's just plain awkward More >> Best Place to Join a Klezmer Band Zambaleta World Music and Dance School A year and a half ago, ethnomusicologist Mina Girgis opened a space in the Mission to incorporate the spirit of a zambaleta, the Arabic word for a spontaneous street party in his native Cairo. Girgis seeks to tear down what he says is a false distinction between those who are "musical" and not, offering the chance to play in an More >> Best Old-School Arcade Muse Mcanique Locals who write off Fisherman's Wharf as atourist trap full of snow globes and "I Heart San Francisco" T-shirts are only 95 percent right. They would be amiss to not venture into the Muse Mcanique, a shrine to arcade games circa, say, the year the Titanic went under. There's the mysterious Zorba the Wizard. There's Laffing Sal, a creepy, corpulent More >> Best Radio Station KUSF in Exile To West Coast cognoscenti, Rice-A-Roni is no San Francisco treat; they would sooner survive on a diet of Folk Law, Ragtime Machine, and In the Soul Kitchen with DJ Harry D. Those are the names of shows once heard on radio station KUSF, 90.3 FM. But those shows seemed to have been lost when the station's owner, the University of More >> Best Filmmaker Without a Pixar Contract (Yet) Kerry Laitala The brilliant experimental filmmaker Kerry Laitala is a conjurer, summoning vestigial image-remnants from ancient films and, applying her singular skills in divine manipulation, evoking the fantastical world of jagged dreams, faded realities, and shadowy fairy tales. Working with the endangered material of celluloid, she constructs handcrafted gems that explode with fantastical associations. The great contradiction embodied in her oeuvre is More >> Best New Insta-Mag Longshot Magazine Some people say that print is on its deathbed. Maybe they weren't aware that in San Francisco last May, hundreds of young magazine enthusiasts and professionals collaborated to put out a general-interest glossy magazine in just two days, complete with narrative journalism, interviews, fiction, cartoons, obscure histories, photo-essays, and more. The writing, design, editing, photography, printing, and shipping of Longshot More >> Best Former Addict Who Can Make You Laugh About Addiction Bucky Sinister We've said before that Bucky Sinister holds a room by the balls. And he does. To see him read is to feel his hope in leaving a small town and arriving in San Francisco. To revel in his intense friendships and heady adventures. To endure the addictions, the sickness, the despair, the deaths. And then, with him, you survive and More >> Best Hyperliterate Busking Outfit Mad Noise These buskers have brains. Lots and lots of brains. Guitarist and singer Khalil Sullivan is a graduate student in English at UC Berkeley, and he's using his experience with the motley crew of musicians he has assembled in Mad Noise  which include an upright bass player, a harmonica whiz, and a dude who will turn anything into a drum More >> Best Place to See Your (Talented and Attractive) Neighbors Naked Good Vibrations Indie Erotic Film Festival Good Vibrations has been a San Francisco favorite since 1977 for good reason: It's always helped us learn about sex and sexuality outside of that yucky shameful place so many people put it, and it keeps us from taking it all too seriously. A great example is the annual Indie Erotic Film Festival, where the Good Vibes staff screens films More >> Best Reading Series in a Gay Sex Club K'vetch When many people think of reading series, they see images of tweed, of nervous academics struggling to find their place on paperclipped pages, of sleepy and distracted audience members, of starstruck wannabes who can't escape the gravitational pull of emulation to reach originality. We'll give you originality: a man who calls himself "Multi-Tasking Michael." He recites a passage from Shakespeare's More >> Best Politically Active Hip-Hop Performance Artist Paul Flores Paul Flores spends a lot of time and energy fighting stereotypes and assumptions. One of these stereotypes is attached to hip-hop. Despite some stars in the genre having done all they can to make people believe the music is all about violence, drugs, and demeaning women, Flores knows it holds great power for good. It's too often forgotten that the More >> Best Experimental Theater Company SF Playhouse You'll hear how contemporary playwrights have an increasingly difficult time getting their work produced in local theater circles because so many companies choose established (some would say "safe") productions because they believe more people will attend. SF Playhouse is not one of those companies. In March and April, it staged Wirehead, a play about a society in which people can More >> Best New Animator/Musician Jeremy Rourke Jeremy Rourke is the kind of artist we love. He follows what inspires him, which in this case is stop-motion animation and music, teaching himself what he needs to get there and along the way producing great work that inspires others. One of his movies, Out to See, places cutouts of assorted figures (a man in an overcoat, a ship, More >> Best New Art Gallery 941Geary - CLOSED It's not easy to keep even one art gallery running, but with the addition of 941Geary, Justin Giarla now has three, including White Walls and the Shooting Gallery. It was an ambitious undertaking, for sure, but one with a vision. The space formerly housed an auto mechanic and smog-check station, so it's spacious with very high ceilings. Before he found More >> Best New Storytelling Series Previously Secret Information Stand-up comedians Joe Klocek and Bruce Pachtman have created a series that's not quite stand-up comedy, not quite straight-up storytelling, yet some of each. Put another way: These are true stories that make you laugh but also can carry a serious undertone. Each lineup is a pro-am mix of people who inhabit the stage for a living alongside those who More >> Best Creator of Fake Bands, Their Songs, and Their Artwork Sonny Smith Everyone has fantasized about creating a fake band at some point, right? Well, local songwriter and artist Sonny Smith did us one  or rather 100  better: He went and invented 100 bands, complete with names, artwork, record labels, and even songs. Best known for his "real" outfit Sonny and the Sunsets, Smith began his 100 Records project as More >> Best One-Man Goth-Country Band The Slow Poisoner As Andrew Goldfarb describes it, "slow-poisoning" was an 18th-century phenomenon in which French wives would insert small quantities of arsenic into their husbands' meals, eventually killing them. It's the closest thing these women could get to a divorce. What exactly that has to do with Goldfarb's work as the Slow Poisoner  a delightfully dark and literate San Francisco one-man More >> Best Place to Find Free Live Jazz Every Sunday Afternoon Cafe International It's 4 p.m. on a Sunday, and the cottonball waves of fog are just starting to creep over Twin Peaks, challenging the afternoon sun. What are you doing? If you're lucky, you're relaxing on the back patio at Cafe International in the Lower Haight, taking in a set of fine local jazz while relishing the final prefog rays. But even More >> Best Place to Debut Your Masterpiece of Songcraft Hotel Utah When you're ready to impress someone other than just your beloved with your songwriting genius, it's time to pick a Monday night and head to the Hotel Utah. This creaky old saloon has long been recognized as hosting San Francisco's best open mic night, and it's not hard to see why. First off, the smallish stage and two-story performance area More >> Best Art from Trash Recology Artist-in-Residence Program Unlimited access to a junkyard  and all society's detritus. It's any artist's dream. Recology helps a handful of artists realize it by letting them inhabit a studio at the company's refuse transfer station for several months at a time, and earn a stipend for doing so. They find new purposes for existing things by sawing, painting, refinishing, sanding, and More >> Best Place to Discover New Old Music Rooky Ricardo's Records It began as a temporary spot where owner and founder Dick Vivian could unload 35,000 obscure vintage soul and RB singles he'd purchased from a defunct distributor. Some 20 years later, Rooky Ricardo's Records' Lower Haight storefront has become an internationally celebrated archive of rare and under-appreciated soul, jazz, funk, pop, and RB records from eras long gone. Famous customers More >> Best Rock Club Bottom of the Hill Ask upstart bands from around the world what venue they're most excited to play  in any city  and chances are you'll hear a lot about Bottom of the Hill. It may seem like just a 246-capacity room on the ground floor of a Victorian building far away in an oft-neglected corner of Potrero Hill, but for live music More >> Best Music Festival Treasure Island San Francisco has enough music festivals that arguing about the best one is kind of like arguing over sexual positions: You're entitled to your preference, but it's hard to go really wrong with any of them. Sure, Outside Lands is bigger, and Hardly Strictly Bluegrass is more, uh, free. But the annual Treasure Island Music Festival is uniquely, romantically San More >> Best New Venue Public Works Half a year after Public Works opened, it feels strange that S.F. didn't always have this place. The combination of a nonprofit-friendly community space and art studio and gallery would be worthy enough, but Public Works boasts a Funktion One soundsystem and a two-story main room that make it among the city's top venues for live music of the electronic More >> Best Punk Rock Jukebox Molotov's Let's just lay it out, shall we? Gang of Four, the Specials, the Dead Boys, Fugazi, Motorhead, the GZA, Joy Division, Howlin' Wolf, the Pogues, Hank Williams Sr., the Stooges, Stiff Little Fingers, the Descendents, Grimple, and way, way more? With its low-key vibe, cheap booze, and dingy interior, Molotov's in the Lower Haight is already the city's go-to punk More >> Best Music Video Website Yours Truly By Ian S. PortIn its first two years, San Francisco-based music video website Yours Truly has left an indelible impression on the online music world. Its signature clips combine footage of artists performing in locales around San Francisco  recording studios, beaches, parks, and even bedrooms  with thoughtful interviews, giving viewers both the music as well as a sense More >> Best DIY Print Studio Mission Gr鉊fica By Mollie McWilliamsThere's nothing more DIY than creating your own art. For those interested in the medium of screenprinting, it used to be nearly impossible to find a studio to work in. Since its inception in 1977, Mission Grfica has provided space to make prints and posters in its studio on the fourth floor of the ever-vibrant and creatively charged More >> Best Non-Couch Therapy Clown Class with Christina Lewis By Ashley HarrellFrom time to time, Christina Lewis dons her black-and-white-striped pants and goes for a stroll through Bernal Heights. The way she walks  at a carefree pace, with her shoulders relaxed  is something that didn't always come naturally. To achieve this nonchalant stride, Lewis spent three decades in self-directed clown therapy.Show up to her Monday night clown More >> Best One-Woman Band Beat Feet Orchestra By Lauren SmileyHave you seen the Beat Feet Orchestra? Actually, the "orchestra" is just one musician: pint-sized Mahsa Matin. She has given the concept of the one-man-band a very San Francisco gender twist, tromping around the city with a bass drum, snare, and high hat that  strapped to her back  she plays by stomping her wire-rigged clown shoes.And More >> Best Up-and-Coming Theater Company PianoFight Productions By Keith BowersPianoFight Productions is a theater company about 5 years old, made up of mostly young people, and it's recently homeless. For any other troupe, that could be a sign of significant trouble. But PianoFight has a plan.The company left its former home, Off-Market Theater, several months ago on good terms after months of planning. It's negotiating a lease More >> Search Best Of Awards Category Select Category Arts  Entertainment Bars  Clubs Food  Drink People  Places Shopping  Services Sports  Recreation Year 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 Near Find Best Of - Previous Years BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2012 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2011 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2010 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2009 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2008 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2007 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2006 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2005 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2004 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2003 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2002 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2001 BEST OF SAN FRANCISCO  2000  Slide shows  Black Sabbath at Shoreline Amphitheatre Go Topless Day 2013 (NSFW) San Francisco Street Food Festival 2013 More Slideshows   Now Trending  "Go Topless Day" a PR Stunt for Raelian UFO Cult   San Francisco Police Department's 10 Most Wanted (Photos)   Rim Fire: Unfiltered Hetch Hetchy Water System and Ashes a Potentially Disastrous Mix   The VMAs: A Timeline of Egomania   Locals Gang Up On Oregon Driver   Lost in the Night: Frequency 8 Takes the Kandi Kids Back to 1999   Canoe Club Pops Up in Oakland From State Bird Provisions Sous Chef   Punishment by Design: The Power of Architecture Over the Human Mind   Meredith Kessler: Bay Area Ironman Champ Arrested in Hit-And-Run Accident   Here's Your View Riding Over The New Bay Bridge  About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Advertising Contact Us National Classified Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? 2013 SF Weekly, LP, All rights reserved. Loading...  