  skip to main | skip to sidebar Arts and Entertainment Information about entertainment and media industry makes to know more about the entertainment and media and more. Saturday, March 3, 2012 Ideas for a Reality TV Show Reality TV shows are selling like hot cakes. All you have to do is huddle up a handful of average people or small time starlets, create a dramatic situation and whoa, your reality TV show is ready to go on air! The best part about reality TV shows is that they give quick fame and recognition even to average people like you and me. Besides, the viewers get a kick out of all the emotional drama (which is scripted in most cases) that happens on sets. There is really no dearth of reality TV show ideas, but most revolve around similar concepts. So, in case you wish to air your own TV show some day, then you may have to come up with really good ideas for TV shows. Given below are some interesting ideas for a reality TV show. Ideas for a Reality TV Show The word 'reality TV' show often conjures images of emotion packed, high voltage drama. Even talent based shows such as American Idol and America's Got Talent are occasionally laced with emotional performances either by contestants or judges. Some other reality TV shows such as Big Brother reap their popularity by playing around serious social issues. Amidst this chaos, one can also get to see some good reality shows such as Bands on the Run, The Apprentice etc. If you are interested in starting a reality TV show of your own, you may derive inspiration from any of the popular TV shows. You may then attempt to present them differently. In this article, we have not provided actual ideas, but we have certainly listed some areas which offer a scope for developing a reality show. Performance Based This is on similar lines as American Idol, Dancing with the Stars and likes. However, you can develop your own show by introducing a little variation. For instance, you can have a reality show based on a particular dance or singing form only. You can also add variation by making a show only for elder people above 60 or so on. Talent shows for children are rampant, but there are only a handful shows which explore the talent of elderly people. You can also explore the talent of kids with special needs or handicapped people. Profession Based There are numerous shows which showcase the drama behind exciting and dangerous professions. But, there are very few shows which deal with seemingly ordinary occupations of that of teachers, firefighters, secretaries etc. You can devote every episode to one such average occupation and uncover the challenges faced by average people like the one's mentioned above. Adventure Based Fear Factor indeed brings a gush of adrenaline with it. You can invoke similar feelings by airing an adventure based reality show. This could be anything from living in extremely undesirable living conditions or battling wildlife in rain forests or facing the fury of nature in extreme climatic zones. Game Based Game shows, quizzes are the most primitive forms of reality TV shows. With time, one can find a lot of new features and variation in them. The prize money has also increased manifold. So, starting a game show can be one sure shot way of making your show successful. Drama Based This is your formula for quick success. You can have one drop dead gorgeous girl and a bunch of guys pitted against each other, performing dare devil tasks to get her or you can have it the other way round with a hunk surrounded by a bevy of beauties competing to woo him. Throw in a couple of romantic, emotional sequences and you have a recipe of a successfully running reality show. What Next Just getting an idea for a reality TV show isn't enough if you are serious about getting it on air. You need to take right steps, meet right people in order to get it working. Firstly, think of a nice, catchy title for your show. It should convey exactly what the show is all about; but at the same time, it should also invoke interest of the audience. Next, put your ideas on the paper and draft at least 5 episodes, which could get you to the production houses. If they okay it, then you may have to shoot a pilot episode after which the real thing begins. This was all about starting a reality TV show of your own. Coming up with a great idea and treating your show differently can make it stand from the rest of reality shows. Hope, this article was resourceful. Labels: Reality TV Show  Newer Post Older Post Home  Blog Archive  2012 (19)  March (4) Best TV Shows of the Decade Ideas for a Reality TV Show Ancient Greek Theater DirecTV Internet Connection Service   February (9)    January (6)  Powered by Blogger . 