 888-227-7253  Buy A Car Search Inventory Vehicles Under $13,500 28+ MPG Vehicles Promotional Vehicles Just In Inventory Last Chance Vehicles  Sell Your Car Our Process Ready Your Vehicle Trade-In Tips and Resources Trade-In Appraisal Special Offers National Offers Promotional Vehicles Vehicles Under $13,500 Last Chance Vehicles  Research Why Buy Used Used Car Buying Tips Enterprise Videos Payment Calculators Glossary  Resources Help Vehicle Locator Financing Financing Assistance Available Understanding Financing Apply for Financing Payment Calculators Locations Store Locator Vehicle Transfer Enterprise Difference Satisfied Customers  Why Buy Used Cars Consider the Advantages of a Used Car Buying a used car or truck can save you money because a new car experiences its greatest loss in value within the first 12 to 18 months. Rather than watching value decrease significantly in just the first year, consider buying a used car or truck. A used rental car can have a lower purchase price with lower monthly payments, and the factory warranties are usually still available. Buying a used car allows you to upgrade to the newer make and model you want and add more optional features. Used Cars Depreciate Less Why Throw Money Away on New Car Depreciation? Thinking about buying a new vehicle? Think again. According to the experts at Kelley Blue Book  , in three years a new vehicle could depreciate by as much as 73 percent of its value. At best it will retain a mere 62 percent of its value after three years. Thats one major advantage to buying a used car. Car depreciation is the dark cloud hanging over new purchases. While most cars depreciate by 15 to 20 percent of their value each year, the first year tends to hurt the most. In fact, the two-minute drive off the lot can cost some owners up to 15 percent of their new vehicles value. If youre a car buyer unwilling to throw away money on car depreciation for that new car smell, consider buying a high-quality, late-model used car. In addition to a lower purchase price, lower registration and license fees, youll also enjoy lower depreciation, as the previous owner has already absorbed the steepest portion of the used cars depreciation cost. Used Rental Car Value Consider the Benefits of Buying a Used Rental Car Millions of used rental cars (and leased cars) are sold annually in the United States. Many were passed directly to auctions and on to used car dealerships. However, tens of thousands were selected by the rental and lease companies for their own car resale businesses. These used cars represent the cream of the crop and are often considered some of the best used cars on the market. These used vehicles, while driven by multiple motorists, receive much more care than the average consumer-owned used car and offer the following benefits: Great selection: The typical used car for sale at Enterprise Car Sales is one to two years old. This creates a selection of vehicles that are contemporary, stylish, and sought after. One owner: If offered a used car owned by an auto expert committed to vehicle maintenance and care, the average used car buyer might be tempted to sign sight unseen. Enterprise Car Sales offers this opportunity. Used cars are our business, and our livelihood depends on keeping them expertly maintained. Low mileage: Used rental cars or used leased cars often have less than 40,000 miles when they are put up for sale. Reasonable prices: All used vehicles sold by Enterprise Car Sales are offered at low prices, and with a no-haggle policy, buyers get a great used car price without the pressure of bargaining. Used rental cars provide a tremendous value. Make a smart move and consider buying one the next time youre in the market for a used vehicle. 109-Point Vehicle Certification Process August 29-September 2, 2013 Get Started  Quick Links Car Shopping About Us Search for Cars Enterprise Corporate Car Research Careers Special Offers Contact Us Car Dealerships Satisfied Customers Consumer Solutions Business Solutions Rent-A-Car Business Rental Rent-A-Truck Truck Rental Manage Your Fleet  Email Extras Sign up today to receive offers on used cars and rental car discounts. Store Locator Find an Enterprise Car Sales branch near you. ZIP code Were Social Stay connected with us on Facebook or You Tube. Automotive websites by Jazel  Home | About Enterprise Car Sales | Contact Us | Help | Site Map  2013 Enterprise Car Sales. All rights reserved. Terms  Conditions | Privacy Policy | Copyright Used Cars for Sale Alabama Arizona California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania South Carolina Texas Tennessee Utah Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Chevy Ford Dodge Honda Toyota Nissan Hyundai KIA Chrysler Mazda Jeep Mitsubishi GMC Volkswagen Buick BMW Mercedes Cadillac Lincoln Volvo Infiniti Lexus Subaru Pontiac Mercury Acura Audi Fiat Mini Cooper Scion Suzuki  