 Calendar  Entire Site Articles & Blogs Restaurants Places Events Music Images Ads Bars Best Of Movies Phoenix News Local News Blog Feathered Bastard Special Reports Ask a Mexican Archives Search Weekly Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Phoenix Events Top Picks Submit an Event Events Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads Tickets Phoenix Music Music Blog Concert Calendar Phoenix Nightlife Submit an Event Music Newsletter Get Mobile ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Phoenix Restaurants Food Blog Restaurant Reviews Find a Restaurant Happy Hours Deals Dining Newsletter Get Mobile Restaurant Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Phoenix Arts Arts Blog Phoenix Theater The Advice Goddess Big Brain Awards Arts Newsletter Get Mobile Entertainment Ads ARCHIVES 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10  Phoenix Movies Showtimes Movie Trailers Podcast Film Newsletter Get Mobile Free Stuff Things to do in Phoenix 2012 2011 2010 2009 Best Of Newsletter Get Mobile Best Of Ads 2013 Readers Poll Phoenix Promotions Promotional Events Street Team Free Stuff Promotions Newsletter Get Mobile Deals Tickets Phoenix Classifieds Jobs Living Spaces Alternative Lifestyle Deals Newsletter Advertiser Index Deals The Bulletin Board Circulation Locations  Food Music Events Movies Search Events Filter Events Date Tue Aug 27th - Mon Sep 2nd T 27  W 28  T 29  F 30  S 31  S 1  M 2  This Weekend Range Date Range:  -  Event Type  Music (736)  Art - Galleries (265)  Arts (194)  Museum Exhibits and Events (141)  Nightlife (123)  Theater (120)  Performing Arts (120) Show More   Music (736)  Art - Galleries (265)  Arts (194)  Museum Exhibits and Events (141)  Nightlife (123)  Theater (120)  Performing Arts (120)  Activism (1)  Adult (7)  Art - Galleries (265)  Art - Museums (30)  Art - Ongoing (24)  Art - Openings and Events (5)  Arts (194)  Auto (4)  Barhopping (2)  Baseball (5)  Basketball (3)  Benefits (37)  Breweries (6)  Broadway: Opening (10)  Burlesque (1)  Call for Entries (1)  Celebrity Appearances (6)  Children's Events (20)  Children's Theater (8)  Christmas (9)  Circus (4)  Classes and Seminars (23)  Club Events (4)  Clubs (Community) (2)  Comedy (75)  Community Events (44)  Competitions (3)  Conferences (2)  Contests (2)  Conventions (2)  Craft Fairs (9)  Cultural Events (45)  Cycling (8)  Dance (27)  Dia de los Muertos (2)  Disabled Programs and Services (1)  Education (6)  Environmental (6)  Expos (5)  Family Events (46)  Farmer's Markets (5)  Fashion and Style (2)  Festivals (40)  Film (36)  Film - Events (2)  Film - IMAX (4)  Film - Repertory and Special Screenings (30)  Flea Markets (1)  Food and Drink (79)  Football (8)  Free Events (101)  Games (32)  Groups - Professional (1)  Halloween (12)  Hanukkah (1)  Happy Hour (5)  Haunted Houses (3)  Health and Fitness (22)  High Country (1)  History (3)  Hockey (11)  Holiday (6)  Home and Garden (5)  Labor Day (4)  Landmarks (71)  Lectures (11)  LGBT Events (41)  Libations (9)  Library (3)  Literary Events (23)  Luncheon (6)  Mind and Body (5)  Motorcycles (5)  Museum Exhibits and Events (141)  Music (736)  Nature (4)  Networking (6)  New Age (2)  Nightlife (123)  Off The Wall (3)  Open Mic (9)  Opera (4)  Out of Town (43)  Outdoors (22)  Parks and Preserves (21)  Parties and Receptions (21)  Performance Art (77)  Performing Arts (120)  Pets (3)  Photography (9)  Planetarium (5)  Poetry (13)  Poker Nights (24)  Politics (1)  Pop Culture (3)  Recreation (16)  Religion and Spirituality (9)  Seasonal Events (4)  Shopping (9)  Skate Parks (11)  Spoken Word (2)  Sports - Participatory (32)  Sports - Spectator (51)  Talks (22)  Technology Events (3)  Teen Events (1)  Thanksgiving (1)  Theater (120)  Theater - Dinner (3)  Theater - Small (6)  Tours (19)  Valentine's Day (1)  Visual Art (40)  Volunteer Opportunities (1)  Women's Events (7)  Zoo and Animals (5) Neighborhood  North Valley (37)  Check/UnCheck All    Anthem (6)   Cave Creek (18)   Fountain Hills (6)   New River (7)  Outside the Valley (61)  Check/UnCheck All    Outside the Valley (61)  Phoenix (863)  Check/UnCheck All    Central Phoenix (702)   East Phoenix (68)   North Phoenix (63)   South Phoenix (6)   West Phoenix (24)  Scottsdale (432)  Check/UnCheck All    Central Scottsdale (266)   North Scottsdale (72)   Paradise Valley (23)   South Scottsdale (71)  Southeast Valley (300)  Check/UnCheck All    Ahwatukee (11)   Apache Junction (8)   Chandler (80)   Gilbert (18)   Mesa (176)   Queen Creek (7)  Tempe (279)  Check/UnCheck All    Tempe (279)  West Valley (105)  Check/UnCheck All    Avondale (2)   Buckeye (2)   Glendale (68)   Goodyear (5)   Laveen (8)   Litchfield Park (1)   Peoria (17)   Surprise (1)   Waddell (1)  Calendar of Events in Phoenix Tuesday, August 27 Men Without Hats  Joe's Grotto Say what you will about Men Without Hats, but they're under no illusions as to why you're even a little intrigued about their 2013 tour: Their official website is headquartered at safetydance.com. On a large scale being so relentlessly "in on the joke"--their Wikipedia page has a current photo with members "ironically wearing hats"--can be grating, but I'm going to allow it for Men Without... Read more about this event  The Polyphonic Spree  Crescent Ballroom Wildly psychedelic, stylishly dressed, always uplifting in spirit (so much that some considered them just another wayward Texas cult), The Polyphonic Spree has kept a relatively low profile lately. The band has been holed up in leader Tim DeLaughter's home studio jamming the night away  but the pop-psych veterans also simply have been trying to figure out how to viably survive.Since... Read more about this event  "From The Sidelines"  Night Gallery That Phoenix native Becky Nahom curated the group show "From The Sidelines" isn't a sign the the curator is exhibiting her newfound love of sports. Instead, the show features works that use the element of line and show how the sometimes overlooked element interacts with color, shape, and texture in art. Nahon says the show "pushes line to the limit without the use of representational form."... Read more about this event  Arizona Diamondbacks vs. San Diego Padres  Chase Field The Arizona Diamondbacks spent nearly all of first half of this season sitting comfortably atop the NL West, and a playoff spot seemed all but assured. Then July happened. There are plenty of explanations for the Diamondbacks collapse, but perhaps the biggest problem might have been an inability to beat mediocre teams. Perhaps no team exposed this weakness more than the San Diego... Read more about this event  The Speak Easy  Hollywood Alley Everyone secretly wants to be a beatnik, whether they know it or not. The pre-hippies matched the exclusivity of hipsterdom with the pretense of being an English literature major, embarking on wayward journeys and adopting artsy lifestyles because they had a lot of free time -- and trust fund dollars. Imagine taking off at any time you want, leaving behind your stresses to migrate to a new... Read more about this event  More Tuesday Events >> Wednesday, August 28 Sundance Film Festival Short Films: Best of 2013  Phoenix Art Museum While not all of us can make it out to Utah to schmooze with the silver screen's finest at Sundance, we can still take in the most talked about, trendiest, and, in this case, tiniest films from the festival. In this limited screening of Sundance Film Festival Short Films: Best of 2013, movie-lovers can get an inside look at some of the year's most innovative independent films. Offering... Read more about this event  De Lune Deluge, & Treasurefruit  Yucca Tap Room Anamieke Quinn's home in South Scottsdale is testament to her passion for music. There are shelves lined with records of soulful jazz from the '30s, Brazilian sounds, world music, and classic rock, and a recording studio adjoins the bedroom of Quinn and her husband, producer Michael Quinn.Quinn, who grew up in Arizona, is back home to focus on promoting the state's music scene after time... Read more about this event  The Princess, The Unicorn, & the Smelly Foot Troll Great Arizona Puppet Theater Big parties can be total blasts. Until the riff-raff that no one knows starts acting up, that is. In the Great Arizona Puppet Theaters The Princess, The Unicorn, and The Smelly Foot Troll, the royal daughters open invite birthday celebration attracts a certain unwanted guest on Thursday, August 15.The shindig starts out with Princess Harriet and her pal Popsicle the Unicorn and... Read more about this event  "Turn off the Sun: Selections from la Coleccin Jumex"  ASU Art Museum Its a rare opportunity to have a peek at a world-renowned art collection. Lucky for us ASU Art Museum curators Julio Csar Morales and Heather Sealy Lineberry are bringing a very special collection to our own backyard.You might know recognize the Jumex name -- its a juice and nectar brand thats huge in Mexico and expanding to the U.S. In addition to producing some... Read more about this event  More Wednesday Events >> Thursday, August 29 Artist Talk: David Maisel  SMoCA Lounge The bittersweet beauty of David Maisels aerial photography, featured in the current exhibition "Black Maps: American Landscape and the Apocalyptic Sublime" at Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art, lies in its subversion of the legend of the American West as a vast expanse of unspoiled land mass. Maisel himself talks in depth about his work Thursday, August 29.At first glance, the... Read more about this event  The Palisades  Trunk Space Some bands--not necessarily hard rock or metal bands--take an obvious, infectious delight in playing their instruments very loudly. The Palisades, out of Washington state, are one of those bands. They're two guitars that people would call intricate if they weren't turned all the way up, a rhythm section that plays like it's aware of how loud the guitars are, and a lead singer who alternates... Read more about this event  The Prowling Kind  Crescent Ballroom You'll never guess who said that. No, not Norman Vincent Peale--Pamela Anderson said that! See how this low expectations thing works? On a night where loathing everything came easy and liking anything new seemed doubtful, I caught The Prowling Kind -- which turned out to be a pretty great discovery. This despite sporting a cutesy band name and two instruments that have a lot to answer for... Read more about this event  "No Strangers"  Art Intersection Art does not exist in a vacuum, and the members and staff at Gilbert gallery and studio space Art Intersection are well aware. For creative types to thrive, they need a community. That's why the artistic outpost has assembled a group of artists, bringing them together through its membership program in hopes of fostering talent, co-working, and creating compelling pieces. Though photography... Read more about this event  Rockaroke hosted by Zen Lunatics  Sail Inn The Zen Lunatics have hosted rockaroke (karaoke with a live rock band, get it?) at Tempe spots like the Yucca Tap Room and Tempe Tavern in the past, but the inside stage at The Sail Inn may just be the perfect fit for the band. You'd be hard-pressed to find a cover band with the chops these guys have, able to back you up on just about any rock 'n' roll standard you can think of, and more than... Read more about this event  Phoenix Theatre: Rent Phoenix Theatre Maybe Hair and The Whos Tommy set the bar way high, or else rock musicals are simply challenging -- they didnt really ignite as a genre on the live stage before Jonathan Larsons 1996 Rent. Perfectly set on Manhattans Lower East Side as the 1980s blurred into the 1990s, featuring artists, addicts, squatters, and free spirits facing romantic issues, neighborhood... Read more about this event  More Thursday Events >> Friday, August 30 Alaskan Beer Dinner  Proof Since the 1700s, thirsty Alaskans have been brewing their own beers and these days, the regions namesake brewing company carries on the tradition at its highly sustainable Juneau brewery. Alaskan Brewing Company was the first craft brewery in the United States to recycle carbon dioxide.Friday, August 30, Proof Canteen at the Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale will highlight some of the... Read more about this event  Night Lights Tour  Taliesin West One doesnt need night-vision goggles to enjoy an evening tour of famed architect Frank Lloyd Wrights Taliesin West, but it would probably add a cool affect. The 90-minute tour is pretty darn cool anyway, offering a unique look at Wrights masterpiece home as highlighted by angled and jutting shadows and dark, deep crevices of mystery and intrigue. The walking tour goes... Read more about this event  Splat! Paint & Foam Party  Arizona Event Center Who needs good clean fun when you can get a little dirty? Such is the premise of Splats annual paint party. This rave spans three stages, each designated for paint, foam, and a clean zone. The bash boasts a laundry list of DJs that run the gamut from hardstyle to electro to dubstep, including the talents of Luminox, Freddy Todd, DJ Dali, St8house, and many... Read more about this event  Black Sabbath  US Airways Center After a lengthy absence -- 33 years -- Black Sabbath have returned with 13. And unbelievably, this is your grandmother's Black Sabbath. Eschewing a turbulent history that left the band frequently in musical flux and misdirection -- particularly those middle years -- today's Sabbath, complete again with the exception of drummer Bill Ward, comes to us straight from its storied, early past. And... Read more about this event  Blackjack  The Pressroom Sam Groove admittedly isn't much of a gambler. At the same time, however, the local DJ and nightlife promoter knows a thing to two about playing the odds, raising the stakes, and cleaning up big. For proof, just look at the success that Groove and the other EDM aficionados behind Hades Entertainment have had with Blackjack, their annual casino-themed dance party. Since debuting as a... Read more about this event  Genre  Rogue Bar The Moog synthesizer is responsible for revamping '70s music and inspiring the decade of electronic music that followed. A similar music revolution is currently underway--the laptop. Bands are getting smaller as musicians use programs such as GarageBand and Ableton to fill in the gaps. Local rock band Genre took the same approach, replacing its drummer and synth player with a beat-up Macbook.... Read more about this event  An Evening with Mink Stole  The Rock While people are still flipping their lids over Orange is the New Black, we wouldnt blame cult film queen Mink Stole if she considered it old hat. She tackled the role of Esther, devout Christian on death row, in Steve Baldersons 2009 tongue-in-cheek homage to women-in-prison flicks, Stuck! Stole gets free when she touches down in the Valley Friday, August 30.There arent... Read more about this event  "Stories Outside the Lines: American Indian Ledger Art"  Heard Museum North Scottsdale The beginnings of Ledger Art trace back to narrative drawings created by Plains Indians on paper or cloth in the late 19th century. As trade flourished, accounting ledger books became a common (and very portable and convenient) source of paper for the Plains Indians. These narratives documented daily life as well as cultural struggle. In the late 19th century, the U.S. government was... Read more about this event  Arizona Diamondbacks vs. San Francisco Giants  Chase Field It takes a lotta moxie to be a baseball fan these days. The Biogenesis scandal has been hogging the headlines as if those were the last steroid needles on earth. Meanwhile, thanks to the lack of a salary cap, the Dodgers have been demonstrating -- quite convincingly -- that the team with the fatter checkbook always wins in the end. It's little wonder that, to younger generations, America's... Read more about this event  More Friday Events >> Saturday, August 31 The 9th Annual Phoenix Cooks!  The Westin Kierland Resort & Spa If slaving and sweating over a hot grill in 100-plus degree heat falls under your definition of labor, theres a different way to satisfy your cravings this Labor Day weekend  let someone do it for you at Phoenix Cooks. Benefiting Phoenix Childrens Hospital, the 9th Annual event features classes, demonstrations, and of course, plenty to eat and drink.... Read more about this event  Above & Beyond  Maya Day and Nightclub Trance remains one of those peculiar genres with as many admirers as detractors. For years, even as it climbed international pop charts, some electronic music circles persistently criticized it for being too simplistic and formulaic. Yet trance has not only endured but also thrived, outselling most styles of dance music while weaving itself into ever more intricate variations. In recent... Read more about this event  Miss Arab USA 2013  Talking Stick Resort Frankly, we get a little bored with the whole Miss America thing -- and we're not even talking Donald Trump.Year after year, America's most major pageant features the same old stuff: huge hair, sparkles, swimsuits. We get it.But dammit if the Miss Arab USA 2013 pageant hasn't piqued our interest. Women who vie for the crown must speak fluent Arabic and make it through rounds of judging before... Read more about this event  Phoenix Mercury vs. Connecticut Sun  US Airways Center By most objective measures, the Phoenix Mercury's current season has been a success. The Merc have rebounded from last years bottom table finish and looked like a legitimate playoff contender. But the team's top brass clearly isnt satisfied: they sacked coach and GM Corey Gaines at the start of the month for failing to meet expectations. It was a big risk, as Gaines led the team... Read more about this event  Danzig with Doyle  Marquee Theatre Singer/songwriter Glen Danzig has managed to endure in heavy metal for decades by doing it his own way. He left the horror-punk outfit Misfits to start Danzig, which released its debut album in 1988. Long known for graphic imagery and dark themes, Danzig's sound was influenced by early Black Sabbath, gaining notoriety for their bluesy, heavy metal style that attracted fans spanning several... Read more about this event  Saboten Con 2013  Renaissance Glendale Hotel & Spa ber-fans of Japanese pop culture have just the right mix of creativity and weirdness. Coming up with the perfect Zelda or Final Fantasy cosplay (a portmanteau of costume play) is pretty cool, but seeing folks wearing ears and tails can be strange. The sixth annual Saboten Con has a little bit of everything, making it one of the largest anime conventions in the Southwest. Voice actors... Read more about this event  Damon Wayans  Stand Up Live Ever since his days on the early 1990s sketch show In Living Color, Damon Wayans has had quite the colorful career. The stand-up comedian, writer, and actor has starred in such movies as Major Payne and The Last Boy Scout. He was also the co-creator, executive producer, and star of the hit ABC sitcom, My Wife and Kids. Now the accomplished comedian is getting back to basics with an intimate... Read more about this event  More Saturday Events >> Sunday, September 01 Indie Game: The Movie Phoenix Art Museum Everyone has played video games at least once -- be it old school Pong or Ms. PacMan, the ber-popular Angry Birds or Call of Duty. Somehow, no one is immune to the allure of playing. But what of the people behind the scenes, the makers, distributors, and visionaries of these obsessive diversions? Indie Game: The Movie delves deep behind the computer chip as the first feature documentary... Read more about this event  Boob-A-Palooza 3  Rhythm Room Fact: everyone loves boobs. They're fun to have and they're fun to play with. For some of us more well-endowed gals, they can also function as impromptu pillows or drink-holders. Boobs serve many purposes, both cosmetic and practical, which is one of the many reasons why breast cancer is devastating. Fortunately, Mona Watkins, general manager of the Rhythm Room, is determined to help raise... Read more about this event  White Out Party  The Shout! House Call P. Diddy, because theres another all-white party going down, and this ones happening just in the nick of time. Before you box up those white Bermudas and boat shoes, bring them out for one last hurrah as Glendale's The Shout House hosts its second annual White Out Party. The dueling pianos bar will celebrate your three-day weekend and bleached beach attire with its usual... Read more about this event  Grease Nesbitt/Elliott Playhouse at Mesa Arts Center Iron out that poodle skirt, put on your high-tops, and grab your Pink Ladies jacket, because Danny, Sandy, Rizzo, Kenickie, and the rest of the Rydell High gang are coming to the stage for some theatrical summer lovin' in Grease. The Broadway musical of 1950s Americana invites you to shake and shimmy in your seat to the songs we all know by heart: Beauty School Dropout,... Read more about this event  WordPlay Sundays  Hidden House Esteemed British-born scribe W.H. Auden once waxed that a poet, above all else, is a person who is passionately in love with language. Local street poet Kevin Daily certainly fits said description perfectly, as hes been enmeshed in a torrid love affair with the written word for decades.Verses and rhymes are like oxygen to the venerated Valley wordsmith, whos... Read more about this event  More Sunday Events >> Monday, September 02 Labor Day Grill at the Mill  Queen Creek Olive Mill Whether it's the big hitters like Thanksgiving and Christmas or the minor ones like Independence Day and the Super Bowl, some of the most American holidays are all about eating. And this Labor Day, the Queen Creek Olive Mill is doing what it does best with its fifth installment of Labor Day Grill at the Mill. This family-friendly event will offer its usual dining options as well as special... Read more about this event  Riverboat Gamblers  Yucca Tap Room Though they play a pretty standard brand of pop punk, Riverboat Gamblers are currently the best in the game. Their act is built on a solid foundation of high energy live performances. Don't be surprised if you see singer Mike Weibe hoist atop the shoulders of exuberant fans as he's carried around the room like super man, singing his heart out. Read more about this event  Saboten Con 2013  Renaissance Glendale Hotel & Spa ber-fans of Japanese pop culture have just the right mix of creativity and weirdness. Coming up with the perfect Zelda or Final Fantasy cosplay (a portmanteau of costume play) is pretty cool, but seeing folks wearing ears and tails can be strange. The sixth annual Saboten Con has a little bit of everything, making it one of the largest anime conventions in the Southwest. Voice actors... Read more about this event  Retha Walden Gambaro "Attitudes of Prayer"  Heard Museum There's an unmistakable calming quality to the sculptures of Creek artist Retha Walden Gambaro. A selection of her subtle, serene bronze work is on display throughout Heard Museum's Nichols Sculpture Garden in the ongoing exhibition "Attitudes of Prayer." Acceptance shows a woman bowing her head, hair falling to partially obscure her face, while Courage finds a woman facing oncoming winds,... Read more about this event  More Monday Events >> About Us Local Advertising Mobile RSS E-Edition Site Map My Account Log In Join Connect Facebook Twitter Newsletters Things To Do App Advertising Contact Us National Classified Infographics Company Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Problems? Careers 2013 Phoenix New Times, LLC, All rights reserved.  Loading...  