 Buzzing How Twitter Accounts Get Hacked  How To Stop Them! Updated: Flipkarts New Voice Search For Product Works Really Well [Video] Indian PC Sales Register Record Growth, Thanks To Uttar Pradesh Notebook Deal! Moserbaer Launches Boxofficeboss.in To Sell Movie DVDs  CDs. Is There A Market For It Anymore? Why #HappyWeddingAnniversaryVijayandSangeetha Has Gone So Popular On Twitter? India Business  Technology Blog Trak.in is a popular Indian Business  Technology destination featuring trending News, views and analytical take on Technology, Business, Finance, Telecom, Mobile  Social Media Space Home Business technology Internet Telecom mobile Startup Others About Advertise Contact Deals!  Home / Business / Auto / Car recalls  will we see it in Indian Auto Industry? Car recalls  will we see it in Indian Auto Industry? Posted by: Arun Prabhudesai in Auto , automakers , Trends 19 Comments Honda recently announced a recall on their Honda Jazz / Fit models worldwide  However, in India we will not be having any recalls as the models in India are 2nd generation and do not carry the fault. Now, this  recall  term is very new to India  I am not sure how many of you know, but what a car recall means  When a car is sold to you and if there is any company defect found, they have issue a notice to all the car owners to bring back their cars to authorized company workshops. The cars then get full replacement for that faulty part completely free of charge. This normally happens when there is an accident (or series of them) and the culprit is found to be the faulty part. The recalls are can wipe of billions of dollars from companies balance sheet and can even lead to bankruptcy in some cases. In this particular case, the Honda Jazz / fit model had a faulty window switch that caused the fire in an incident where the child was fatally burned. There were couple of other similar fire incidents due to this faulty switch. In western countries, the auto companies can be sued for millions if they find manufacturers fault  and hence as a preventive measure the faulty car models are recalled for repairs. However, here in India we have never heard of a recall till now, even though there have been probably thousands of cases where the manufacturer has been at fault  We do not have such legal system to safe-guard the interest of consumers. But with Multinationals coming in to India, will they bring in the culture of recalls? and if it happens, Indian auto companies will also have to brace themselves up for such incidents. I am not sure how many of you remember the Skoda cars have had tremendous problems and customer complaints about their faulty parts, and Skoda India on their part have never acknowledged any of the problems. Infact, it has even been proved in court that there are problems with faulty parts , but still we have never seen a recall from the company. Whats your opinion? Auto companies auto Industry car models car recall company workshops faulty manufacturing parts fire incidents fit models honda jazz fit Honda jazz recall Honda recall indian auto Indian Automotive Industry product recall skoda cars skoda india 2010-02-01 +Arun Prabhudesai tweet Tagged with: Auto companies auto Industry car models car recall company workshops faulty manufacturing parts fire incidents fit models honda jazz fit Honda jazz recall Honda recall indian auto Indian Automotive Industry product recall skoda cars skoda india Previous: Very Interesting Social Media Statistics: Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, Linkedin and more Next: Indian IT company of the 2009  Wipro / IT buzzword of the 2009  Cloud Computing About Arun Prabhudesai Arun Prabhudesai is founder / chief editor at trak.in . He jumped the Entrepreneurship bandwagon in early 2008 after a long 13 year stint in I.T Industry. You can follow him on twitter @trakin and Facebook . Arunâs Google+ Profile  Related Articles WoW ! Tata Nano going topless ? June 23, 2010 A Good Year For The Indian Automobile Sector January 2, 2010 Indian Financial Services Sector continues to attract foreign players  BMW to set up a NBFC September 3, 2009 Nano is launched, bookings to start in April, First Nano on roads in July March 24, 2009 The top innovative companies in India October 30, 2008 Carazoo.com: Eye-catching and Impressive Indian Car Portal December 27, 2007 19 comments Chirag June 4, 2010 at 11:41 Another recall by Honda in 2010 ? Now its ODYSSEY model in China! Reply carazoo.com February 9, 2010 at 16:51 This is the first time, a car company has recalled its cars. A couple of months back, the Tata Nano had been in news for self-ignition. Tata Motors didnt recall the cars. Car owners who faced similar problems approached the car company. Tata motors should have recalled that batch of Nano. Reply Edward Eng February 4, 2010 at 12:50 No recalls in the past? I find that hard to believe. In any case, recalls are important and will make India safer. =================== Edward Eng getchee Staff Writer =================== Reply Guru February 2, 2010 at 09:20 Recently Maruti called back A-Star, for faulty fuel tank. It replaced the tank for free. So, its true even with indian companies. Reply Gedi Junction February 2, 2010 at 08:24 For your kind information, Honda also found the glitch in Honda City ZX 2nd Generation cars, and they have announced a recall in India, too. Globally, Honda has recalled two car models - Jazz and the City ZX 2nd gen. But in India theyve only recalled the City. Reply Arun Prabhudesai February 2, 2010 at 08:59 Hi Gedi, Thanks for your informationcan you please give me a link ? someone else also mentioned this to me yesterday, but could not find more info on thatthanks Reply rabi gupta February 1, 2010 at 23:06 Car fault is a minor issue when you compare it to broken roads which caused serious injuries to pregnant women in Mumbai after the heavy rainfalls (Leading to some feticide cases too). But who cares? Unless we change our attitude of chalta hai (its fine) nothing is gonna change! Be it roads, cars, electronic items, life saving systems. Reply Arun Prabhudesai February 2, 2010 at 08:22 Rabi. but tell me  Ye chalta hai attitude kab tak chalega? We pay regular taxes, dont we deserve to have better? Reply Scott Thomas February 1, 2010 at 22:03 I heard about the car pedal recall but had no idea it affected my NON toyota truck good thing I found more info here. searched for my make, model, year and found my Ford truck had been recalled so look out! it could save a life maybe yours Reply Rohan February 1, 2010 at 21:12 Car recalls may not be common in India, but I think a few have happened. I am not getting any links, but I remember reading about Mahindra recalling some cars recently(last 1 year) Reply Krishnaraj February 1, 2010 at 21:08 In my case Skoda actually knowingly passed an old Octavia Combi as knew (it was a Sept 2006 make when I was told it reached the showroom on Nov 2007)  further the BLR Skoda dealer had the registration forged, yeah you read it right forged  I had to fight them to release my money, which they did only after the local police threatened arrest (NBW) of the dealer. So my lesson in life  go in a bullock cart, but never buy a Skoda Reply Ankit February 1, 2010 at 21:06 Interesting discussion.As you mentioned, the companies in the west can be sued for millions by the customer.Once it goes public, the private legal firms can create a rucckus and create a whole army of people with the same problem (Ref : John Grishams Novel). The company then might lose billions of dollars in compensation and legal fees alone.Moreover, it gets them bad press.So, they save face or rather gain some good press by doing a recall. Come to India and the legislative system in India ensures that the last thing a miffed product(owner) will want is to get into an unending lawsuit.Not being critical of India but then it is common practise here and moreover, the consumer complaint forums though making progress are from reaching a critical stage where they can stand for customer issues. My 20 paise Reply Vishal Sanjay February 1, 2010 at 20:54 You see guys the car manufacturer will never speak out about the fault in their product, so its well and good if the consumer pays a little amount on correcting this fault while leaving it for servicing. In other ways big manufactures can never correct their system in every vehicle theyve produced till date for free, so it hurts no one if the car owner pays a small amount. The manufacturer looses his reputation so he too pays his part of the fine. Reply Rohan February 1, 2010 at 21:06 Are you SURE that car manufacturer will never speak out about the fault in their product? Think before you answer this one. If there is some fatal accident due to manufacturing defect, it will be amounting to murder and not death due to bad luck. Which car manufacturer will want to spoil his corporate reputation by ignoring proven defects? Mamata Banarjee could lead the TATAs to evict the Singur land. If they can manage such a gigantic feat, fatal accidents caused by manufacturing defect is a tiny affair and can catch wild fire, which no one would want to play with. Reply Sriram Vadlamani February 1, 2010 at 19:58 Vishal : Just curious, why should the car owner pay for it? If the pay then why would it be a recall? And why would you fine the customer for buying a product which was faulty? Reply Vishal Sanjay February 1, 2010 at 18:40 In other countries the government takes serious action against such incidents, but Indian government doesnt see it as a big issue. I kind of feel that such recalls should be made compulsory when there is a fault, but the car owners have to pay for it instead of a free service. If the customers dont do it, then should be ready to pay a fine. Reply Arun Prabhudesai February 1, 2010 at 20:29 YeahI dont understand it eitherwhy should a car owner pay when the fault completely is the on the manufacturing company Reply Pavan February 1, 2010 at 21:17 To add ,Toyota also had to recall 8 models and suspend sales. As for your point on manufactures brining culture to do voluntary recall ,its just wishful thinking. They wont do it unless they need to(Govt Norms) ,as simple as that . I am not big fan of suing culture but there has to be regulations on Consumer safety Reply Pingback: Is recalling cars a trend? - Honda to recall 32,650 Odysseys from China market | SQUAMBLE Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong  Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. By Arun Prabhudesai How Twitter Accounts Get Hacked  How To Stop Them! Updated: Flipkarts New Voice Search For Product Works Really Well [Video] Moserbaer Launches Boxofficeboss.in To Sell Movie DVDs  CDs. Is There A Market For It Anymore? Why #HappyWeddingAnniversaryVijayandSangeetha Has Gone So Popular On Twitter? TRAI Will Now Penalize Operator Rs. 5000 For Every Spam SMS Complaint! All (2327) Popular Right Now! Top 10 Tourist Destinations in India Top 25 Popular travel destinations in India [TripAdvisor] Why #HappyWeddingAnniversaryVijayandSangeetha Has Gone So Popular On Twitter? Starting Business in India  Simplified step-by-step process Employee Provident Fund Forms [EPF Forms] 3G Data Rate Comparison: Airtel vs Vodafone vs Idea vs Reliance 5 Top-Selling Indian Novels of all time! Top 10 Corruption Scams in India How Twitter Accounts Get Hacked  How To Stop Them!  Subscribe To RSS Feed 2,552 Followers 10,690 Fans Subscribe Subscribe to Free Daily Updates in Email  Find us on Facebook Recently Shared Posts Updated: 30 Pakistani Websites Defaced By Indian Hackers, They Bring Down MTNL Mumbai Website! 15 133 Amazon India Is Now Offering Nexus 7 16GB (2012) At Rs. 11,999 10 126 Indian School Girl Creates Washing Machine That Runs Without Electricity! 17 115 Myntra Visitor Traffic Surpasses Flipkart  Jabong [Comscore] 9 83 Snapdeal Delivers 2 Coconuts Instead Of Pair Of Shoes! 14 60 Here Is How You Can File RTI Application Online in 10 Minutes! 32 34 Airtel Charges Re. 1 For Incoming SMS on Roaming! TRAI Order Violation? 8 47 Sharingdard.com, A Destination To Share Your Grief, Secrets, Emotions Anonymously 7 48 Corruption Rises Further in India, Political Parties  Police Reign Supreme! 13 39 Indian National Cyber Security Policy 2013 Published [Key Highlights] 11 35 2007 - 2013 ÂŠ Copyright 2013, Armoks Interactive, B-504, Lulla Nagar, Pune - 411040 | India Business & Technology Buzz Scroll To Top  