  How do I find what my car is worth? And where can I find an appraisal tool to determine how much to ask for my car? Fred D. , Aledo, Texas You can find used-car values with our Kelley Blue Book Values tool that’s located front and center on the Cars.com homepage. All you have to do is plug in the vehicle’s year (1987 to 2007 are available), make, model and trim, then choose the options on your car and it will spit out retail and trade-in values. The used-car values are fed by Kelley Blue Book. For the most accurate estimate, you have to choose the condition of your car, but don’t get greedy; there’s no way that 1987 Mitsubishi Cordia rusting away in your driveway is in “Excellent” condition. Finding the value of your car is an important step in finding the right asking price, but there are other considerations. For more tips on how to price your car, see the Pricing Your Car article in the Cars.com Selling Advice section. For older and collector cars, Kelley Blue Book offers an Early Motor Guide that lists vehicle retail values for the 1946 to 1987 model years. Learn more Blue Book Values (Cars.com) Pricing Your Car (Cars.com) Selling Advice (Cars.com) Answered by Joe Bruzek on October 3, 2007 in I'm Just Wondering | Permalink Close Search Results Ask.cars.com Search Results for Previous | Next Search See if your question has already been asked and answered  Close Thank You! Your question has been successfully submitted to Ask.cars.com. It will now be reviewed by our editors and we'll answer it soon if we think it's a useful question. You will be notified via e-mail when the answer is posted. Ask.cars.com tackles your questions about new cars and the car-buying process. Unfortunately we can't answer questions regarding: Used cars. Most aftermarket products. Mechanical issues. You can visit our friends at Car Talk to discuss your mechanical problems. Thanks for your interest. Ask Have our experts answer any of your questions about new cars. Your question: Name: Hometown: Email address: Don't worry  we won't publish your last name or email. Maintenance Advice Get answers from the Car Talk Community Categories Glossary Green/Hybrid Cars How Does That Work? How Safe is This Car? I'm Just Wondering What Car Should I Buy? What Does This Mean? Buy Search for New & Used Cars Build a New Car Find Car Dealers Near You Buscar en Espaol Sell List Your Car for Sale How to Sell Your Car How Much Is Your Car Worth? Frequently Asked Questions Research Research a Specific Car Compare Cars Side-by-Side Read Expert Reviews Find Cars That Match Your Lifestyle Shopping Advice For Buying a Car For Financing a Car Top 10 Car Lists Gas Mileage Lists Cars.com Home | About Cars.com | Employment Opportunities | Become a Cars.com Dealer By using this site, you agree to our terms of service 2012 Cars.com | Privacy Statement SiteCatalyst code version: H.11.Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  