 Parenting Baby Products Search Baby Products Newborns Infants 3-12 Mos. Toddlers 1-4 Yrs. Share Free Baby Products Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum What is a Convertible Car Seat? By Heather Corley , About.com Guide This convertible car seat is installed in the rear-facing position. 2010, Heather Corley. More Images (2) Question: What is a Convertible Car Seat? Answer: A convertible car seat is one that can be used for infants to face the rear of the vehicle, and for toddlers to face the front of the car. Convertible car seats have a 5-point harness built into the seat to secure the baby. The weight limits for rear- and forward-facing vary greatly by car seat model. Most convertible car seats allow rear-facing to at least 30 pounds and all allow forward-facing to at least 40 pounds. Some newer car seat models allow forward-facing up to 80 pounds. The exact weight limits for each car seat model are listed on the car seat labels , usually found on the car seat sides. Convertible car seats have two separate belt paths where the vehicle seat belt or LATCH belt can be threaded through the car seat. One of these paths is to be used when the car seat is rear-facing, and the other is to be used while forward-facing. A few car seats have a separate belt path for the LATCH belt. Double check your car seat manual and the labels on the side of the car seat to be sure you are using the correct belt path with your convertible car seat. Thanks to higher rear-facing weight limits on convertible car seats, parents today are better able to keep their babies rear-facing to at least two years of age. As a child passenger safety technician, I recommend that parents keep their child rear-facing to the limit specified by their car seat. The forward-facing weight limits on many convertible car seats has increased in recent years, too. I suggest that parents keep their children in a harnessed car seat as long as possible before switching to a booster seat. Today's convertible car seats make this an easier-than-ever option. User Reviews Reader Reviews : Car Seat Reviews from Readers See all reviews (9) Write a Review Suggested Reading How to Choose a Convertible Car Seat Do I Have to Buy an Infant-Only Car Seat for My Newborn? Car Seat Safety Tips Related Articles Choosing a Convertible Car Seat Toddler Car Seats - Car Seats for Toddlers and Preschoolers Convertible Car Seats Top Convertible Baby Car Seats Car Seats - Mothers First Year Heather Corley Baby Products Guide  Sign up for My Newsletter  Headlines Forum Related Video How To Choose an Infant Car Seat Pregnancy and Car Travel More Baby Products Videos Explore All About.com Videos See More About common car seat terms baby products faqs Top Related Searches convertible car seats child passenger safety seat models seat model safety technician vehicle seat Explore Baby Products Must Reads Basic Baby Needs Checklist What to Buy When You're Having a Baby All About Baby Car Seats First Birthday Gifts Current Baby Products Recalls Most Popular Top 10 Lightweight Baby Strollers Top 10 Toys for One-Year-Old Babies Rear-Facing Car Seats Best Toys for 6 Month Old Babies Top 8 High Chairs for Baby By Category Baby Gift Guide Preparing for Newborns Car Seats Strollers & Travel Gear Swings, Saucers & Bouncers Toys & Games Books & Videos Baby Feeding Products Baby Clothes Diaper Bags & Baby Carriers Baths, Diapers & Potties Cribs & Nursery Products Best Infant Products Best Toddler Products Recalls and Safety Baby Products About.com Parenting Baby Products Car Seats Glossary of Car Seat Terms What is a Convertible Car Seat? Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 