  1 - 877 - 21 - TRUNK Get A Quote Auto Insurance Collector Car Insurance Motorcycle Insurance ATV Insurance Homeowner's Insurance Condo Insurance Renter's Insurance Manage Your Policy Request Documents Make a Payment Roadside Assistance Information Center About our Products Insurance Terms Car Insurance FAQs Customer Service FAQs Auto Insurance Discounts Payment FAQs State Information Claims Center About the Claims Process Report a Claim Online Claims Service Check on a Claim FAQs Roadside Assistance About Elephant Corporate Info Meet the Herd Newsroom Awards Careers Contact Us FAQs Commercials Elephant Blog Culture  Home  about elephant Share | Get a free auto insurance quote in 10 minutes.  About Elephant Elephant is a wholly owned subsidiary of Admiral Group, plc , which has 17 years of experience in auto insurance and nearly 2 million policies worldwide. As part of the Admiral Group plc, Elephant shares in their commitment to providing reliable coverage and excellent service at affordable rates. Browse our site and get a car insurance quote . We think you'll agree that we've made car insurance easier for you. Check out our online information center , where you can find answers to FAQs , glossary terms , and important information you need to know about your policy. In addition to supporting our customers we also support our namesake. We work with the Born Free Foundation , an international wildlife charity working to reduce animal suffering and to encourage people around the world to treat all animals with respect. We are also very proud to support the work of Tusk , a charity that promotes the conservation of African wildlife, and particularly the protection of endangered species. Corporate Info Learn about Elephant's parent company, Admiral Group, plc. Meet the Herd Meet the leadership team at Elephant Insurance. Newsroom Check out the latest news about Elephant Insurance. Press Releases Press Releases from Elephant Insurance. Awards Elephant Insurance workplace awards. Careers Find a job with Elephant insurance. Visit our careers page. Frequently Asked Questions Find answers to your questions about Elephant Insurance. Commercials View our Elephant Insurance TV commercials. Blog Check the Elephant Insurance Blog for news  events about us. Culture Take a peek behind the scenes at Elephant Insurance. Find us on facebook Did You Know? Elephants can run up to 24 miles per hour. An Elephant's trunk can reach up to 23 feet tall. Elephants eat 16 hours a day. Elephants cool off by fanning their ears. An elephant's trunk contains about 100,000 different muscles. Elephants can live to be 70 years old. Asian elephants are listed as endangered on the World Conservation Union's Red List of Threatened Animals. Elephants have the largest brains in the animal kingdom. Elephants drink 30 to 50 gallons of water a day. Elephants are the largest living land mammal. Male elephants grow up to 25 feet long, stand up to 11 feet tall and weigh up to 14,000 pounds. Elephants sleep standing up. Elephants consume nearly 500 pounds of food per day. Elephant's laugh, grieve, cry, play and have incredible memories. Elephants stomp when they walk. Elephants have welcome ceremonies when members of their herd return. Elephants are very social and live in herds. Elephants produce offspring until they are 50 years old. Auto Insurance Get a Car Insurance Quote Auto Insurance Illinois Auto Insurance Maryland Auto Insurance Texas Auto Insurance Virginia Auto Insurance Discounts Auto Insurance Coverages Car Insurance FAQs About Elephant Elephant Overview Meet the Herd Newsroom Press Releases Awards Careers TV Commercials Elephant Blog Culture Customer Care Contact Us Manage Your Policy Make a Payment Report a Claim Online Claims Service Check on a Claim About the Claims Process Roadside Assistance Legal Privacy and Security Terms of Use Site Map  2013 Elephant Insurance Services, LLC. All rights reserved.  