 Skip to navigation Skip to content Help using this website - Accessibility statement JavaScript disabled. Please enable JavaScript to use My News, My Clippings, My Comments and user settings. My News My Clippings My Comments My History My Benefits Subscribe Log in Register Personalise your news, save articles to read later and customise settings If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page . If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page .  The Sydney Morning Herald Entertainment Movies TV  Radio Box Seat MasterChef Music Art Stage Books Box Office TV Recaps Get Flick'd Chatter Box Good Food Events You are here: Home Entertainment Art and Design Search smh: Search in: Entertainment smh.com.au Web Entertainment  A Sunday on La Grande Jatte ." /> Sophisticated work brought to life ... Rating: 4 out of 5 stars  Imprisoned by stereotypes Picturing Compassion Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars  Kraftwerk kicks off Vivid Sydney ... Browse art and design Browse art Title:  Art  Design Old masters in the new world NICK GALVIN Digital has driven interest in the real thing at the British Museum. Visual arts Mirror on a society reinventing itself Penny Webb Rennie Ellis compulsively documented Australian social life for 40 years. The State Library of Victoria holds almost a half a million of his photographs. Art Space: Around the Galleries Dylan Rainforth All the latest news and views from in and around the galleries. The myth of Icarus descends on Canberra SALLY PRYOR 12:38pm Even before Daniel Savage fell from a third storey hotel balcony, he had always been fascinated by the myth of Icarus. Out of the blue: street artist's bold statement cops a spray Deborah Gough, Tom Arup The artist who covered one of Melbourne's premier graffiti art lanes top to bottom in bright blue paint says he did it to spur the city's artists to take the street-art scene to the next level. Artist Adrian Doyle paints Rutledge Lane blue Deborah Gough and Debbie Cuthbertson A Melbourne artist has painted a city laneway blue, covering up a number of works of street art, bins and even the ground, in the process. Greece is the world for Bendigo art Kristen Alebakis A rare exhibition, never before seen in the southern hemisphere, will be exclusively featured at the Bendigo Art Gallery next year. Students come face to face with emotions of cancer Benjamin Preiss Veronica Porcaro is sobbing into a ball of tissues about a cancer diagnosis. There's a lair in there . . . Lucy Hughes Jones Tony Flowers is king of the kids with his 3D dragons. World without end John McDonald Artists from opposite sides of the planet make for a mesmerising double act, while two powerful shows seek sanctuary closer to home. Art Look what's popped up on the golden sands of ACCA Sonia Harford On the sands of Southbank, artist Ander Rennick is opening his show in a shipping container. If you're not of a small mind, this museum will delight and enlighten Julie Power Museum director Kent Mayo dismisses those who don't understand his passion for the bushranger Thunderbolt or Australia's first world champion Ned Trickett as having the world view of ''an ant's anus''. America's original 'stylist' debuts down under SALLY PRYOR From Dior-clad models to civil rights protestors, from a family on the beach to Marilyn Monroe, Richard Avedon was all about people. Visual arts Bones broken away from living world Robert Nelson High on the gallery wall, a bit like the Parthenon frieze, is a register of bones. Spread along two walls for 15 metres, the dense configuration comprises all the bones of the human skeleton, arranged from the largest to the smallest. Tales from the crypt: sarcophagus lifts lid on sixth century life John Saxby Objects from the tomb of diplomat Yu Hong defy expectations. Chinese artist accused over $87m New York art fraud Jon Swaine in New York A struggling Chinese artist faked dozens of paintings as part of an elaborate $US80 million ($87 million) New York art fraud, prosecutors have alleged. Cabinet a $1.5m masterpiece inspired by priceless bond JOHN THISTLETON A 1950s bush life left a legacy with cabinetmaker Geoff Hannah that will sit for centuries in a $1.5 million creation.  Comments 3 The bottom line: Behind Sydney's designer toilet block boom Trisha Croaker Sydney's public toilets are getting an architectural overhaul. Lure of the north John McDonald  Beauty and innovation shine in two shows in the heartland of indigenous art. Child prodigies History's top ten teenaged talents Nick Galvin Most teenagers have their work cut out surviving high school and coping with mood swings, but some also manage to take over the world.  Photos Rennie Ellis photographs  The photographer captured an Australia reinventing itself in '70s.  Australian illustrator Tony Flowers  Australian illustrator Tony Flowers taught himself how to make pop-up books and now produces prize-winning, one-off hand-made editions. He runs pop-up workshops for children at the Sherman Contemporary Art Foundation in Sydney's Paddington. Flowers' first love, however, is regular, 2D illustration and he creates the illustrations for Nick Falk's ongoing series of Saurus Street books for children. Selected images available from www.fairfaxsyndication.com Follow us at twitter.com/photosSMH  The source: Delightful details  Alexia Biggs' top picks for fashion, beauty, homewares and lifestyle.  The source: Bold statements  Alexia Biggs' top picks for fashion, beauty, homewares and lifestyle.  Inge King  Artist Inge King's work at Australian Galleries.  Video Shaun Tan draws The Boy  Shaun Tan draws his character The Boy from The Lost Thing . Advertisement Compare & Save  Compare  Save Deals Compare Popular iPhone 5 16GB Deal from $67/Mth Starting from $67/Mth with upgrade deals available Min. Total Cost $1,608 over 24 months Compare Mobile Phones Compare Pre-Paid Plans Compare the range of SIM Only (BYO Phone) plans from many carriers Compare Now Compare Unlimited Prepaid Plans HALF-PRICE $40 Starter Kits (Now $20) and other limited time deals...Compare Compare Now GALAXY S3 from $50/Mth on Optus Samsung GALAXY S3 4G starting at $50/Month Min. Total Cost $1,200 over 24 months Compare Now GALAXY S4 from $63/Mth on Optus NEW Samsung GALAXY S4 starting at $63/Month Min. Total Cost $1,512 over 24 months Compare Now Need a New SIM Only plan? Yatango Mobile + First Month Free design your own SIM Only plan, powered by Optus 4G. First Month Free Compare Mobile Phones NEW! Design your own mobile plan New SIM Only plan combinations from Spintel, powered by Optus 4G. No contract! Compare Mobile Phones Unlimited Plans from $39/Mth Compare the range of SIM Only (BYO Phone) plans from many carriers Compare Now Compare Naked Broadband Plans Compare hundreds of ADSL 2, Naked DSL and NBN prices from all major providers here Compare Now GALAXY S3 +1.5GB Data...$60/Mth Spotlight...with 1.5GB of data for $60/Mth: Min. Total Cost $1,440 over 24 months Compare Mobile Phones iPhone 5 +1GB Data for $63/Mth Virgin Mobile from $63/Month Min. Total Cost $1,512 over 24 months Compare Mobile Phones NEW GALAXY S4 from $49/Mth Comparison spotlight...$49/Month on Virgin Mobile Min. Total Cost $1,176 over 24 months Compare Mobile Phones Unmetered ABC iView Broadband Compare broadband plans which offer un-metered ABC iView access via a browser Compare Now Find a Plan Up to $30 Up to $40 Up to $50 Up to $60 Up to $70 Up to $80 Up to $90 Up to $100 Up to $150 Popular phones | Compare All Apple iPhone 5 16GB Plans  Deals Samsung GALAXY S4 16GB Plans  Deals Apple iPhone 5 32GB Plans  Deals Apple iPhone 4 8GB Plans  Deals Samsung Galaxy S3 4G 16GB Plans  Deals Sony Xperia SP Plans  Deals HTC One 32GB Plans  Deals Apple iPhone 5 64GB Plans  Deals Apple iPhone 4S 16GB Plans  Deals Mobile phone deals in the market... Optus 101 Deals Vodafone 24 Deals Telstra 20 Deals Optus Busines... 12 Deals OzLinked 8 Deals  1 of 15  Deals powered by WhistleOut  Use WhistleOut's technology to compare:  Mobile phone plans  deals Mobile phone models Mobile phone carriers Broadband plans  deals Compare tablet plans  deals Deals powered by WhistleOut Guides and Articles Compare Prepaid Mobile Phone Plans Compare NBN Broadband Plans Unlimited Data Broadband Plans Visualising Mobile Phone Plans Broadband Price Comparison Statistics: NBN vs ADSL Deals powered by WhistleOut WhistleOut Advertisement Top 10 Art & Design  Skip to: Reader's Picks Top Artists Latest Exhibits  Browse all art reviews 1 You're Next Rating: 2.5 out of 5 stars When the Davison family comes under attack during their wedding anniversary getaway, the gang of mysterious killers soon learns that one of victims harbours a secret talent for fighting back. 2 Kick-Ass 2 Rating: 3 out of 5 stars 3 Stoker Rating: 2 out of 5 stars 4 The Billie, Ella  Louis Show 5 Jerusalem Rating: 4.5 out of 5 stars 6 Bob Moses/Mike Nock/Cameron Undy 7 Frances Ha Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars 8 Freud's Last Session Rating: 3 out of 5 stars 9 Seminar Rating: 4 out of 5 stars 10 Beyond the Hills Rating: 3 out of 5 stars  Browse all art reviews 1 World Press Photos World Press Photos 2 Picturing Compassion Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars 3 13 Rooms Rating: 3 out of 5 stars 4 The 18th Biennale of Sydney Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars 5 The 2011 Archibald Prize Rating: 2.5 out of 5 stars 6 Bill Henson Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars 7 ABBAWORLD Rating: 5 out of 5 stars 8 The Naked Face: Self-Portraits Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars 9 21st Century: Art In The First Decade Rating: 1.5 out of 5 stars 10 The First Emperor Rating: 3.5 out of 5 stars  Browse all art reviews  Entertainment Gigs, festivals, markets and more. Find out what창s on Smh.com.au Movies TV Recaps Music Jobs Search for 1000s of jobs around Australia Mycareer.com.au Set up an email job alert What are you worth? Search for a new job Real Estate Compare 25 lenders and speak to an expert today! Domain.com.au Buy real estate How much is my house worth? Need an inspection report? Accommodation Last minute city breaks Rent-a-home.com.au Melbourne accommodation Corporate short-term rentals Search 27,000+ holiday properties TheVine Why I hate the word 'panties' Thevine.com.au Entertainment & celebrity news Latest fashion coverage Music news and reviews Compare and Save Skip to: Best Deals Mobile Broadband Home Loans Credit Cards Low Rate Cards Rewards Cards Savings Accts Term Deposits Loans Check out today's best deals UBank UHomeLoan Get a 0.25% p.a. upfront discount. Limited time offer. Find Out More No Annual Fee Ever Plus 0% p.a. balance transfer for 6 months Check It Out Fix From 4.39% Rates are falling. Compare home loans & save $000s Compare Now Compare Unlimited SIM Online specials and bonus data deals Compare BYO Phone Deals Need Pre-Paid? Compare pre-paid and post paid SIM only deals Compare BYO Phone Deals  Readers' most viewed Most viewed articles on Brisbane Times Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer Breaking Bad recap: it's Walt's world The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home Most viewed articles on WA Today Top 5 Entertainment articles Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking 'It justifies suicide bombing': Inch'allah pulled from Israeli Film Festival Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Most viewed articles on The Age Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer 'It justifies suicide bombing': Inch'allah pulled from Israeli Film Festival Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking Breaking Bad recap: it's Walt's world Most viewed articles on Canberra Times Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer Miley Cyrus's 'soggy bread bum' gets women talking MasterChef recap: Goodbye to a complex dish The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home Most viewed articles on The Sydney Morning Herald Top 5 Entertainment articles Miley Cyrus in control of Operation Kill Hannah Montana Bill Peach dead: Australia loses renowned journalist to cancer Doctor lashes out over Diana film The X Factor recap: Adira-belle the first finalists sent home MasterChef recap: Goodbye to a complex dish SMH Home NSW Federal Politics World National Environment Business Digital Life Entertainment Life  Style Travel Cars Exec Style Sport Weather Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us AM Today Last 8 days Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Connect Mobile Site SMH for iPad Newspaper Replica RSS Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Products & Services Subscribe Manage My Subscription My Benefits Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide SMH Shop Newsletters Cracka Wines Classifieds Place an Ad Accommodation Cars Dating Jobs Property Price Data Real Estate Buy and Sell Tributes Celebrations Special Reports Fairfax Media Member Centre Conditions of Use Privacy Policy News Store Archive Photo Sales Purchase Front Pages Fairfax Syndication Fairfax Events Fairfax Careers Press Council Fairfax Media Our Sites The Sydney Morning Herald The Age MyCareer Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby InvestSMART APM Stayz Weatherzone TheVine Our Partners Accessories Business Hair salon Horse Lawyers Mechanics Credit Cards Nursery Wedding Wine Copyright  2013 Fairfax Media 6:43AM Wednesday Aug 28, 2013 11,356 online now Do you know more about a story? contact us Close Provide detailed information, including contact details (if relevant)  Real Estate Cars Jobs Dating Newsletters Fairfax Media Network More Close News  Weather smh.com.au theage.com.au brisbanetimes.com.au canberratimes.com.au nationaltimes.com.au watoday.com.au weatherzone.com.au Business  Finance businessday.com.au brw.com.au afr.com afrmagazine.com.au smartinvestor.com.au investsmart.com.au Lifestyle life  style dailylife.com.au thevine.com.au essentialbaby.com.au essentialkids.com.au findababysitter.com.au goodfood.com.au Classifieds domain.com.au drive.com.au mycareer.com.au rsvp.com.au stayz.com.au Member benefits Advertise with us Newsletters Full list of sites About Fairfax Media Privacy Terms  Conditions     Adobe Marketing Cloud Tag Management codeCopyright 1996-2012 Adobe, Inc. All Rights ReservedMore info available at http://www.adobe.com  