 Home About Us Testimonials Newsletter Community Contact Us 476 S. Vermont Avenue, Glendora, CA 91741 (626) 963-0814 (626) 963-0814 Google+ Facebook Menu Skip to content Our Services Acura Chevrolet Dodge Ford Honda Lexus Nissan Toyota Special Offers Certifications Hints  Tips Genes Car Tips Car Talk Request An Appointment  Celebrating 35 Years Thank You! Our Services Factory Scheduled Maintenance Services, Brake Service, Electrical Systems, Steering  Suspension, Engine  Performance, Cooling  Heating, and more. View All Services Discounts  Coupons Get Gene's Green and more - with our discounts and coupons for your automotive repair needs. Check back here often for new and exciting offers! View Current Offers Our Location Certified Automotive Specialists 476 S. Vermont Avenue Glendora, CA 91741 Phone: 626-963-0814 Hours: Monday - Friday 7:30 - 5:00pm Get Directions Certified Automotive Specialists Certified Automotive Specialists Committed To Our Customers. Auto repair Glendora drivers can depend on to keep them on the road. Gene Morrill, along with business partner and wife Robin, guarantee the highest quality auto repair services possible. Our company has expanded to offer a full range of  auto repair services ranging from transmission repair , brake repair , wheel alignments   with a staff that can answer all questions as well as solve any  automotive repair  problem. In 1978, Certified Automotive Specialists opened in Glendora and remains at its original location. Glendorians Gene  Robin Morrill, own and operate their auto repair shop along with a team of dedicated employees  a true family company. We are proud of the quality work and dedication we bring to the automobile repair insudstry. We support Glendora, as well as surrounding cities, Azusa, Covina, La Verne and San Dimas. Our goal is to provide safe and reliable transportation for as many miles as possible. Certified Automotive Specialists is one of the largest full service automotive centers in Glendora. The staff at Certified Automotive Specialists is highly trained and undergoes constant updated training courses to keep up with todays complex and high tech vehicles. Our family owned company is committed to the environment. We recycle everything possible from our batteries to our soda cans in an effort to be a great environmental neighbor. Find  Us On  Google + Word Search Although there is no reward for completing this Word Search, we hope you still enjoy it anyways! Click on the image to get started! If you own a vehicle with less than 75,000 miles or if you know someone with a vehicle with less than 75,000 miles, you need to read the following great news. Certified Auto Specialists is excited to announce our Lifetime Protection Plan. Get the Protection Plan details here . Testimonials Certified Auto is simply the BEST automotive shop I have found. They are honest, have reasonable prices and are very professional. I have needed them in times of ememgency and they have always been there when needed. I highly recommend Certified Automotive to my family and friends. I have used the services they provide for years and I will continue to do so. Read More Certifications  Qualifications See our Certifications and Qualifications that we've earned to make us experts in our field. Learn More  Certified Automotive Specialists  476 S.Vermont Ave. Glendora , CA 91741  626-963-0814  Certified Automotive Specialists has earned a Customer Satisfaction Score of 98.8 % based on 291 reviews: Certified DemandForce Reviews Certified Automotive Specialists proudly serves: Glendora  91741  91740  Covina  91724  Azusa  91702  San Dimas  91773  La Verne  91750 Vehicles We Service Acura Repair Chevrolet Service Dodge Repair Ford Repair Honda Service Lexus Repair Nissan Service Toyota Repair Connect With Us Serving Our Community Genes Car tips Find Us on Facebook Google + Read Our Blog RSS Feed Contact Us Request an Appointment We Specialize In Honda Service Acura Service Dodge Repair Audi Repair Volvo Repair BMW Repair VW Repair Mini Repair Ford Repair Lexus Service Nissan Repair Toyota Repair Car Care Chevy Repair Auto Repair Shop Auto Repair Services Auto Repair Auto Mechanics Auto Repair Services Car Repair Appointment Car Repair Auto Repair Testimonials Car Repair Newsletter Certified Automotive Specialists  Glendora Web Design Company  SEO Company   2013 