cristina peck Captiva Arts and Entertainment captivaa rts @aol .com Home Umbrella Bird Designs Umbrella Bird Store Audio Gallery Music Store Art Gallery Video Gallery Photo Album Contact Us News!   Listen to Umbra   My water color design greeting cards are now being sold at some of my favorite stores including ~ Serendipity 2301 12th Ave. So., Nashville, TN Moda 2511 12th Ave. So., Nashville, TN A Thousand Faces 1720 21st Ave. So. (Hillsboro Village) Nashville, TN The Perfect Setting   2181 Hillsboro Rd., Franklin, TN Imagine Gallery 230 Franklin Rd. (The Factory) Franklin, TN Scaredy Kat 232 5th Ave. (Park Slope) Brooklyn, NY.              See  Mistaken video at Hillsboro Art Walk, Nashville, TN           View video set to Cristinas Stairway on  YouTube ﻿      New songs up  free downloads available in Audio Gallery .            Art work displayed in Art Gallery                                                          Untitled  (Watercolor) by Cristina Peck ©2012     News! Listen to I Never Will CDs now available for purchase with FREE SHIPPING! See our  Store   Debut EP from Dance On the Hourglass released 2/26/13       Debut EP from Tina  the Goose released 4/1/13   Listen to new tracks in the Audio Gallery . ...   My water color design greeting cards are now being sold at some of my favorite stores including ~ Serendipity 2301 12th Ave. So., Nashville,TN Moda 2511 12th Ave. So., Nashville,TN The Perfect Setting 2181 Hillsboro Rd., Franklin, TN    See Mistaken video at Hillsboro Art Walk, Nashville, TN     View video set to Cristinas Stairway on  YouTube ﻿     New songs up  free downloads available in Audio Gallery  Art work displayed in Art Gallery                                       ﻿ Links to other sites: YouTube Myspace iTunes Amazon Facebook Twitter Radio Airplay Internet Radio - Free listening  Cristina is a visual artist, musician and writer currently residing in Jensen Beach, FL.  Her interest in art began at the age of four and she has been creating art ever since.  She graduated from Alexander Dreyfoos High School of the Arts, in West Palm Beach, Florida and furthered her studies in fine arts, photography and writing at Pratt Institute in New York and Belmont University in Nashville.  Her art has been displayed at the Norton Museum of Art, Kravis Center, Armory Art Center, Harriet Himmel Gilman Theater, and the Governors Club Exhibition- all in West Palm Beach, FL.  Her premiere solo exhibit was held in August 2011 at Bongo Java - Nashville, TN and works are currently on public display at various venues in the Nashville area. Cristina has been singing and writing songs for the past eleven years. Her voice and lyrics can best be described as soul searching, honest, tender and gutsy. ﻿Over the years she has developed and expressed herself through music in differnt styles; she enjoys experimentation very much.  Overall, her music can be described as cinematic, melodic, and experimental.  Some influences include Radiohead, Bjork, Patrick Doyle, Brian Eno, Talking Heads, Tori Amos, Johnny Cash, and My Morning Jacket to name a few. She has performed solo and with several bands, including Fridays After 7, The Balance, Rumis Verse, Lumiere, Dr. Eatsme  the Cannibal Kid, and Dance On the Hourglass - singing, playing guitar and keyboards at various venues and events in Florida, New York, California and Tennessee. Some of her music has been used in Indie films, and on compilation CDs and internet radioplay.  The beginning of 2009 marked the release of three albums (Benches, Parade, Melodic Memories) on iTunes, Amazon and other sites.  Her most recent album Wind was released February 2010 and is available at iTunes, Amazon on Demand and many other music stores.   Cristina writes, arranges, records and produces her songs at her home studio, as well as collaborating with other artists. Debut EP Dance On the Hourglass with Patrick Browning ( Dance On the Hourglass )was released on 2/26/13 and debut EP Todays Telepathic Abduction of Yesterday with Manning Burns ( Tina  the Goose )was released 4/1/13. She designs album art and takes on freelance assignments. Her original watercolor greeting cards are being sold at various venues in Tennessee, Florida and New York.  Click the links at the top of the page to view their websites. For more details on available art and music please contact through the email address listed on the Contact Us page of this website or submit the contact form.  Requests for customized art pieces are welcome. Thank you for viewing this website, hope you enjoy the music and art!   ____________________ From the Artist     I feel as though my relationship with watercolor painting turns out to be an accurate metaphor to describe my approach to creating art and music:   I love how watercolors work so well independently with just a little guidance of a brush stroke and a dab of water.  You dont really know what exactly is going to happen or what it will look like once it touches the page...which is very exciting! It is the same for art as it is for music- the multiple possibilities of what could happen, which takes place in improvision. I love those brief moments in which a melody is very freely being created. It feels like uncovering a path that was always there, but you just discovered it and so it is extremely uplifting and exciting! This is why the beginning of the songwriting process is most rewarding for me, as well as the first demos made of it. After it is set in stone or I have fussed with it too much, sometimes I feel it loses its vivaciousness and intensity. In my more recent songs, Ive been aiming to maintain that sense of spontaneity and energy by recording my improvisons and leaving them unaltered, using them as the final take. Its all about chance, which ultimately brings up the question of fate and the freedom we possess- how we choose to live our lives and what we can discover.   I enjoy not being too in control of things because whatever I am making will not be as entertaining, honest, or at least nearly not as lively as Id like it to be if I interfere too much. Its the difference between writing or drawing with your bad hand over the dominant one. I prefer using my weaker hand because I may be able to learn something from its mistakes. Ive always greatly admired the work of visual artist, Paul Klee (1879-1940). I am drawn to the energy of his line drawings, which appear to look like the doodles a child might scribble. They are very minimal and simplistic yet the shakiness and spontaneity of the lines are full of emotion and life. Klees line drawings feel like improvisation, completely uncorrected and unrestrained. Paul Klees work makes me wonder what it would feel like to have a pencil and paper in front of me again as a child and to draw, before I had learned much about what I was actually doing.   watercolor and ink ﻿           ﻿﻿       Sweet to do Nothing watercolor greeting card     ﻿ Recording @ Ocean Way Studios, Nashville ﻿               Copyright 2010 Captiva Arts and Entertainment, Inc.. All rights reserved. Web Hosting by Yahoo! Captiva Arts and Entertainment captivaa rts @aol .com