 Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Menu Log In Explore Topics Join Us Go Squidoo  Close Home  Arts  Design  Fine Art  Art Museums Museum Fine Arts Calendars and Gallery Planners 2014  by calendarsblog  I don't know what I'd do without a wall calendar and an organizer - to help me stay focused and organized.Whether it's remembering appointments or birthdays,...   more  (function($) { window.show_more_lm_bio = function() {  $.get('/lensmaster/ajax_lens_bio/museum-calendars', function(html) { $('.lm_bio_con').html(html);  }); } })(jQuery);   2 Comments  Like 15  Pin It  Ranked #1,684 in Arts  Design , #15,611 overall  Quality art planners and calendars I've found you calendars and planners with museum quality fine art - including Van Gogh, Chagal and modern design. Most of these were brought out by art museums, who of course have the expertise to make a very special calendar. Shown here is the Van Gogh Planner for 2014 Contents at a Glance  Jewish Year 2013-2014 Planner   Claude Monet   Jewish Museum 2014 Calendar   Vincent Van Gogh   Art 2013 Page a Day Gallery Calendar   Modern Art 2014 Wall Calendar More Contents at a Glance Jewish Year 2013-2014 Planner Claude Monet Jewish Museum 2014 Calendar Vincent Van Gogh Art 2013 Page a Day Gallery Calendar Modern Art 2014 Wall Calendar Edward Hopper 2014 Calendar Japanese Woodblock Prints Charles Rennie Mackintosh 2014 Calendar Paul Gauguin 2014 Calendars More Fine Art Museum Calendars 2014 Chagall 2014 Wall Calendar The Smithsonian Institution 2014 The Art of Gustave Baumann 2014 Calendar Jewish Year 2013-2014 Wall Calendar More 2014 calendars brought out by museu... More Art Calendars What do you think of these calendars? More Fine Art Planners Top Ten Calendar Pages Less  Jewish Year 2013-2014 Planner 16 Months September 2013-December 2014  Jewish Year 2013-2014 Softcover Engagement Calendar This beautiful calendar features work from the internationally renowned collection of The Jewish Museum, New York. It includes full-color illustrations of Judaic ceremonial masterpieces along with selections from the museum's exceptional fine art collection. This calendar spans a full 16 months from September 2013 through December 2014.  Claude Monet Museum of Fine Arts, Boston Claude Monet 2014 Wall Calendar Widely recognized as the founder of French Impressionism, Claude Monet is one of the great master painters in the history of modern art. This extraordinary collection of thirteen images includes many of the artist's most celebrated paintings. Claude Monet 2014 Wall Calendar Claude Monet 2014 Wall Calendar Throughout his long career of painting outdoors (en plein air), Claude Monet brilliantly captured the glory of radiant color in natural light. Included in this calendar are works from throughout Monet's career, from his early paintings with figures and clear details, to the almost abstract, late career renderings of his garden at Giverny. Claude Monet 2014 Mini Wall Calendar In childhood, Monet learned the basics of drawing from a student of the great Neoclassical master Jacques-Louis David. But instead of minutely detailed scenes of Roman drama, he preferred more familiar subjects, such as landscapes, captured with quick, flickering touches of the brush. With his friends Renoir and Sisley, he founded the movement that came to be called Impressionism. Among the many immortal works this school produced are Monet's extraordinary studies of his water garden, two of which are reproduced here. Monet 2014 Mini Wall Calendar Jewish Museum 2014 Calendar  Spanning three continents and two hundred years, the remarkable works of art reproduced here-including paintings by Max Weber, Marc Chagall, and 锟ouard Vuillard-communicate the aesthetic values and skill of their creators while revealing distinctive aspects of Jewish culture. Paintings, prints, textiles, and ceremonial objects all speak as powerfully about the Jewish experience in the world as they do about the unique power of art to both inform and inspire. Includes weekly Torah readings, candlelighting times for selected cities, and blessings to be said over the candles.  The Jewish Museum 2014 Calendar Buy Now  Vincent Van Gogh Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam. Van Gogh 2014 Small Engagement Calendar This datebook features a collection of Van Gogh images from various museums around the world. The calendar also includes sections for Notes, Personal Data, Birthdays and Addresses as well as charts on World Time Differences, International Dialing Codes, International Holidays plus much more. This small Planner is the perfect size for purse or pocket. Van Gogh 2014 Wall Calendar To gaze on Vincent van Gogh's shimmering French landscapes is to see through the soul of this consummate artist and feel both the joy and pain of the human condition. Unknown during his lifetime, today van Gogh's work can be found in the most prestigious museums around the world. Van Gogh 2014 Wall Calendar Art 2013 Page a Day Gallery Calendar Metropolitan Museum of Art  From the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City this lovely calendar features a diverse selection of art from all styles of mediums, almost as good as walking through the rooms at the museum.  Art 2014 Gallery Calendar Buy Now  Modern Art 2014 Wall Calendar from The Museum of Modern Art in New York City Modern Art 2014 Wall Calendar Featuring the masterpiece artists Edward Hopper, Rene Magritte, Vincent van Gogh, Paul Gauguin, and Henri Matisse from the late 19th century and early 20th century world of art. The wall calendar includes Post-Impressionism, Surrealism, Fauvism, American Realism, and modern graphic design in a full year's worth of images.  Edward Hopper 2014 Calendar Whitney Museum of American Art  Edward Hopper (1882 -1967) spent nearly every summer in New England, but in the winter he lived in Greenwich Village. As a result he produced a collection of art work that features a range of both rural and urban scenes. Hopper's work includes New England seascapes and landscapes as well as studies of urban architecture and city life.  2014 Edward Hopper Wall Calendar Buy Now  Japanese Woodblock Prints Museum of Fine Arts, Boston Japanese Woodblock Prints 2014 Wall Calendar The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston's splendid collection of Japanese woodblock prints from Katsushika Hokusai's and Utagawa Hiroshige's Thirty-six Views of Mount Fuji and Famous Places in the Sixty-odd Provinces provides the illustrations for this historically significant and delicately beautiful 2014 calendar.  Charles Rennie Mackintosh 2014 Calendar Hunterian Museum  Art Gallery and University of Glasgow  Charles Rennie Mackintosh was a major influence on the architecture and design of the 20th century. He was a gifted artist, a designer, a craftsman and an architect. Mackintosh was one of the key figures of the Arts & Crafts Design Movement in the United Kingdom and was part of a group of artists known as 'The Glasgow Four'. This calendar features 12 of his fantastic works of art.  Charles Rennie Mackintosh Wall Calendar 2014 Buy Now  Paul Gauguin 2014 Calendars Pushkin Museum and the Hermitage  Paul Gauguin 2014 Wall Calendar Eugene Henri Paul Gauguin (7 June 1848 - 8 May 1903) was a leading post-Impressionist artist. Many of his later paintings were acquired by the Russian collector Pushkin and much of his collection is displayed in the Pushkin Museum and the Hermitage. It is extremely rare for Gauguin paintings to be offered for sale but when they are, their price maybe as high as $39.2 million. This 16-month Gauguin calendar runs from September 2013 - December 2014 and features spacious grids for noting appointments, special occasions, and events.  More Fine Art Museum Calendars 2014   Art London Underground 2014 Calendar  Buy Now  Museum of London London's Lost Jewels Wall Calendar 2014: The Mystery of the Cheapside Hoard  Buy Now  Imperial War Museums 2014 Calendar  Buy Now  Folk Art by Female Hands 2014 Calendar  Buy Now Chagall 2014 Wall Calendar The Louvre, Paris and other national museums of France Chagall 2014 Wall Calendar Classic modernistic lines dominate works by Marc Chagall and the 12 painting featured in this wall calendar for 2014 are no exception. Arguably one of the most successful artists of the 20th century, Chagall's works encompassed many popular modern movements in art, showcasing his deep understanding and appreciation of color and its meaning for art lovers.  The Smithsonian Institution 2014 Smithsonian 2014 Engagement Calendar With 19 museums, a zoo, and nine research centers, the Smithsonian Institution houses America's most memorable relics. (There are 136 million items in its collections!) The nation's culture compound is captured cleverly in this desktop calendar, with new images and information on every page!  The Art of Gustave Baumann 2014 Calendar New Mexico Museum of Art  Gustave Baumann 2014 Calendar  by Gustave Baumann Buy Now  Jewish Year 2013-2014 Wall Calendar Jewish Historical Museum, Amsterdam Jewish Year 2014 Wall Calendar This indispensable Jewish calendar features selections from the superb collection of the Jewish Historical Museum, Amsterdam. Full-color illustrations of Judaic ceremonial and historical masterpieces are beautifully reproduced in this outstanding wall calendar. Included are U.S. and Jewish holidays, Sabbath candle-lighting times, and a list of Jewish holidays through the year 2014. This calendar spans a full 16 months from September 2013 through December 2014.  More 2014 calendars brought out by museums   More Art Calendars Mandala Calendars, Date Books, Agendas and Planners Mandalas are beautiful, usually round or square, symmetrical paintings. The tradition stems from India but has been taken up most famously.... Songbird watercolor calendars and planners I love nature photography, but art based on nature is equally enchanting. I do think that's a good word for this lens, because many of the... Art planners, date books and agenda books If you want an interesting planner, one that will remind you that there is more to life than what immediately appears, fine art planners are just what you need.... Fairies Fantasy Art Calendars Fairies, Pixies, Elves and Nature Spirits, Gnomes, Jinns and Leprechauns... Stories for kids and yet magical for adults too. On this page I've... Folk Art calendars In contrast to fine art, folk art is associated with ordinary people, with farmers and peasants. It usually gives an idealized view of life and inspires comfort... Folk Art Planners, datebooks, pocket planners and agendas Folk art gets it's name from being popular among 'folk', in other words: ordinary people. No wonder folk art calendars sell so well! I've found... Japanese art calendars From woodblock prints to modern Japaneses art, from printed screens to mountain views... These calendars featuring the art of Japan have an... Marjolein Bastin Calendars and Planners The pastels of Marjolein Bastin's art are world famous. She draws nature in a way that's both very realistic, and romantic. I don't know how... Modern Art Wall Calendars Modern art calendars are a stylish way to liven up your kitchen. They're so different from each other, and certainly from other calendars out there... Museum Fine Arts Calendars and Gallery Planners I've found you calendars and planners with museum quality fine art - including Van Gogh, Chagal and modern design. Most of these were... Salvador Dali Art Calendars and Planners Calendars devoted to Dali who was born as Salvador Domingo Felipe Jacinto Dali i Domenech, 1st Marquis of Pubol on May 11th 1904. He lived to be... Shoe Calendars and Planners Shoes are perhaps the ultimate meeting ground of fashion and art. Many women have a shoe-fetish, so it's no wonder there are shoe calendars... Surrealistic Art Calendars Surrealism is a cultural movement that began in the early 1920's, and is best known for the paintings and sculptures of the group members, though they... Susan Bourdet art calendars and planners Her artwork is consistently popular on calendars and in prints. I've gathered her calendars, date books and planners on one lens so you can easily find...  What do you think of these calendars? Add Comment  Reply masaad  Dec 24, 2011 @ 2:34 pm | delete  nice very lens Reply Treasures-By-Brenda  Dec 23, 2011 @ 11:36 am | delete  These calendars are lovely.  Show All Comments  More Fine Art Planners Surrealist Art Planners | Planners, Date books, Organizers and Agenda books Surrealism is an art form that started in the 1920s. Some of its artists Joan Mir贸 i Ferr Art Calendars and Planner | Calendars Miro painting in grey, black, red, blue, green and orange, with a splash of yellow. Pop Art Planners | Planners, Date books, Organizers and Agenda books Most of the calendars I feature on my blog are meant, implicitly or explicitly, for women. These aren't.  Top Ten Calendar Pages Planners, Day planners, Weekly  Daily Agenda Books Looking for an appointment planner - a way to plan your family life perhaps? Looking for a home planner, or a student planner to keep track... Cute Girly day planners and weekly organizers No - these planners and engagement calendars aren't all pink. But most are. They're all clearly made for women and girls to enjoy. Are you a girl or... Best Student Planners, Calendars, Organizers As soon as students are expected to organize their own homework, you will need a planner or agenda book to keep track of things. This... Family Planners, Calendars and Desk Agendas for moms Your kids have a busy schedule: school, soccer practice, ballet... Play dates, going to the park, homework... You cannot organize every detail of their lives,... The Cutest toy advent calendars for girls Advent calendars for girls are usually pink. Whether they feature Barbie, Littlest Pet Shop or My Little Pony, they're invariably cute and pretty. My favorite... Small Cheap Planner, Datebook, Pocket Calendar Are you looking for a planner so small it will fit into any purse? So cheap it will not make a dent in any budget? You've come to the right place. I've... Toy advent calendar for Children Counting down to Christmas for kids with toy advent calendars. I've found lego, play mobil, my little pony and more advent calendars for... Christian Calendars, Bible Organizers and Planners Diaries and Biblical Engagement Planners, Calendars and Christian Date Books. If you want your daily reminders of your faith in your date book. If you... Unique Calendars, agenda books and Creative Planners Calendars and planners are a necessity of life - well, if you have any intention of keeping organized that is. I've made it my business to find you the best... Jewish calendars and planners I've found homely, fun, beautiful and religious calendars for Jewish people. Whether you want to learn Yiddish and have some fun, or get up to... 15 Like  by calendarsblog I don't know what I'd do without a wall calendar and an organizer - to help me stay focused and organized. Whether it's remembering appointments or birthdays,... more 105 featured lenses Top lens  Best Student Planners, Calendars, Organizers 2013-2014 Feeling creative? Create a Lens! Explore related pages Modern Art Wall Calendars 2014   Folk Art calendars 2013   Folk Art Planners, datebooks, pocket planners and agendas 2012-2013   Art planners, date books and agenda books 2013   Best Unique Poster Calendars 2013 - 2014   Japanese Art Calendars 2014  Picasso 2014 Wall Calendar  2014 Pablo Picasso Wall Calendar Buy Now Related Tags museum art-museums zkh7 z best gifts lists calendars blog calendarsblog more... TOS Originality Pact About Us SquidooHQ Charity Report Abuse Feedback  Bugs Subscribe Copyright  2013, Squidoo, LLC and respective copyright owners This page and all the pages on Squidoo generate income for lensmasters and charities based on affiliate relationships with our partners, including Amazon, Google, eBay and others. Have fun.    Notify me by email when new comments are added. Enter Your Name  to post as a vistor or Login Email Address: Post Comment Cancel 