   Arts  Culture Art Beat Books  Authors Poetry Series Business  Economy Paul Solman's Making Sense Patchwork Nation Education Extra: For Teachers American Graduate Environment Global Health Health Law Media Military Nation Politics Immigration Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Religion Science  Technology Coping with Climate Change Social Issues Social Entrepreneurs Terrorism Government Programs In Memoriam International Organizations Sports Transportation U.S. Presidency Weather  Natural Disasters  Africa Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East North America TOPICS  ARTS  CULTURE THE RUNDOWN BLOG | Aug. 26, 2013 Breaking Down 'Breaking Bad' VIDEO What Makes a Great American Comic Book Superhero? SLIDE SHOW Man of Steel Still Saving the World After 75 Years VIDEO On Stage, Chicago Students Tackle Immigration, Poverty, Race UPDATE | Aug. 26, 2013 How a Carousel Ride Became Part of Americas Civil Rights History On the same day Martin Luther King Jr. spoke of his dream for little black boys and girls, little Sharon Langley broke the color barrier at an amusement park in Maryland. Today, a symbol from that event is steps from the site of that iconic speech. REPORT | Aug. 16, 2013 Harper, Musselwhite Show Off 'Different Shades of Blues' in New Collaboration Charlie Musselwhite and Ben Harper may have a generation between them, but their love of blues brought them together. With Musselwhite on the harmonica and Harper on guitar and vocals, the two musicians have collaborated on an album, Get Up! Jeffrey Brown sits down with the artists for a taste of their 'all purpose blues.' ART BEAT BLOG | Aug. 16, 2013 Ben Harper and Charlie Musselwhite create 'All-Purpose Blues' Blues musicians Ben Harper, Charlie Musselwhite performed the acoustic guitar-harmonica duet, You Found Another Lover (I Lost Another Friend) for Art Beat at the Gibson showroom in Washington, D.C. ART BEAT BLOG | Aug. 13, 2013 The Visionary Russian Who Hired Picasso and Stravinsky to Revolutionize Ballet Under the direction and mentorship of Serge Diaghilev, the visual artists, composers and choreographers who worked with the Ballets Russes transformed ballet into an avant-garde art form, breaking with tradition and looking for something new, something that reflected the modernity of the 20th century. ANALYSIS | Aug. 7, 2013 'Fruitvale Station' Recalls Real Life Drama of Oakland Man's Final Hours Fruitvale Station, a new film by Ryan Coogler, tells the story of Oscar Grant: a young, black Oakland man who was shot and killed on a train platform by a Bay Area Regional Transit police officer. Gwen Ifill speaks with writer and director Coogler on his motivation for making the film and coincidental timing of its release. ANALYSIS | Aug. 7, 2013 Powerful Rulers Reduced to Laughable Caricature in 'Art of Controversy' While not always considered high art, journalist Victor Navasky says the power of cartoons to provoke and amuse is so strong that their creators can end up famous, jailed or dead. Navasky joins political editor Christina Bellantoni to discuss The Art of Controversy, a look at how cartoons have shaped politics worldwide. REPORT | Aug. 6, 2013 Phish's Trey Anastasio on Community, Commitment and Classical Music The symphony is not where you expect to see the guitarist of the world's leading jam band. Jeffrey Brown talks to Phish's Trey Anastasio about his 30-year career sneaking harmonic elegance into rock  roll, being addicted to practicing, having a tight community of fans and his recent performances for classical music audiences. REPORT | Aug. 5, 2013 Mandolin Master Chris Thile Plays Bluegrass and Bach Outside the Box Modern master of the mandolin Chris Thile hates being boxed in by genres, and has made his reputation by going beyond traditional tunes. With a new album of works by Bach, the virtuoso easily moves from Americana to classical. Jeffrey Brown talks to Thile about his career and who he calls the greatest musician who ever lived. ART BEAT BLOG | Aug. 5, 2013 Monday on the NewsHour: Chris Thile Makes Plucky Move From Bluegrass to Bach First known for playing bluegrass, musician and mandolin player Chris Thile gained fame and recognition for crossing and mixing genres. In 2012, he was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship. Now he has turned his attention to Johann Sebastian Bach, whom Thile calls the greatest musician who ever lived. SLIDE SHOW | Aug. 5, 2013 13 Cartoons That Rocked Art and Politics In his book The Art of Controversy: Political Cartoons and Their Enduring Power, journalist Victor Navasky writes about caricature's ability to disturb dictators, humble presidents and inflame readers. We present 13 of the most impactful cartoons featured in the book. BROWSE ARTS  CULTURE BY DATE 2013 2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 2002 | 2001 | 2000 | 1999 | 1998 1997 | 1996 Jeffrey Brown Aug. 16, 2013 Harper, Musselwhite Show Off 'Different Shades of Blues' in New Collaboration  More by Jeffrey Brown Follow Us Facebook: newshour NewsHourArtBeat Twitter: newshour NewsHourArtBeat RSS: RSS Feed Podcast Editor's Choice Phish Front Man Trey Anastasio Casts Wide Musical Net July 2, 2013 Trey Anastasio is still jamming for his adoring fans after three decades on the road. Recently, the Phish lead singer and guitarist has taken his talents to the classical music stage, to great acclaim. Now, one of the largest and most loyal fan bases in rock 'n' roll can hear another side of their favorite front man. For Teachers Daily Video Chicago Youth Tackle Difficult Issues Through Theatre Article The Top 15 Lesson Plans for Back to School  More Teacher Resources Support for PBS NewsHour Provided by NewsHour Poetry Series Poet Profile: Liao Yiwu July 11, 2013 Liao Yiwu was in his early 30s when he was arrested for writing and performing a poem about the brutality of the Tiananmen Square Massacre in 1989. His poem -- simply called Massacre -- was an angry, howling rant against the government and a plea for support for the fledgling pro-democracy movement. PBS NewsHour Support From:  Arts  Culture Business  Economy Education Environment Global Health Government Programs Health In Memoriam International Orgs. Law Media Military Nation Politics Religion Science  Technology Social Issues Sports Terrorism Transportation U.S. Presidency Weather  Natural Disasters World Additional Foundation and Corporate Sponsors Copyright  1996- MacNeil/Lehrer Productions. All Rights Reserved. About Us Feedback Subscriptions / Feeds Privacy Job Openings Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.  