 To provide you with the best experience on this website, cookies are used. By using the site it's assumed that you're happy with our use of cookies. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time. More info on cookies. Home Search: 1 2 3 4 5 Cardiff Castle  The Official visitors' website for Cardiff Live in Cardiff Work in Cardiff Visit Cardiff Shop in Cardiff Invest in Cardiff Meet in Cardiff Study in Cardiff Events in Cardiff Home of Visit Cardiff About Cardiff Things to Do Attractions Cardiff Bay Doctor Who Museums  History Sport  Adventure Galleries  Art Shows  Entertainment Sightseeing  Tours On Location Themed Breaks Explore the Area Accommodation Cardiff for You Eat  Drink Shopping Events in Cardiff Fanzone womex Travel Information Tourist Information Centres Groups Competitions Special Offers Subscribe to newsletter Request a Brochure Latest News Promote your business Media Groups Flickr Gallery Tourist Information Competitions Subscribe to Newsletter Request A Brochure You are here: Things to Do  Shows  Entertainment Shows  Entertainment Professional theatre, opera of the highest quality, visiting ballet, classical music, and contemporary circus acts all mingle in Cardiff to make the city a well-rounded venue for entertaining and evenings out. Cardiff is a city of culture and benefits from some of the very best arts and entertainment. In avarietyof venues, ranging fromthe spectacularlyvast, to the cosy and intimate, youll find something to amuse even the most diverse of tastes. Theatres  Musicals The citysmost iconicvenue is the Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff Bay.Thislively performing arts venue, also serves as a home to among others the Welsh National Opera and The BBC National Orchestra of Wales. Free lunchtime concerts in the foyer also attract a crowd. For entertainment ranging fromOklahoma to Calendar Girls, book into the New Theatre , a stately old venue that was actually new in 1906. It also stages the citys annual panto, along with old favourites such as Buddy,the Rocky Horror Show, and The Producers. St Davids Hall hosts regular classical music performances, including lunchtime concerts, and is the home of the Welsh Proms. Youll also find an impressive series of tribute acts, bands, and comedians. Sherman Cymru in the Cathays area of Cardiff reopened its doors in February 2012 following a big redevelopment. A packed programme of entertainment awaits this year, featuring the very best theatre, dance, family shows and music from Wales and the rest of the world. Right in the heart of Cardiffs city centre, thespectacular new Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama ;is ahub of creative activity where the work produced is open for everyone to enjoy. The College stages over 300 performances every year, ranging from vocal recitals to master-classes, from drama productions to brass bands, musicals and opera. For a full listing of Cardiffs theatres and venues, click here , or use the search tab on the right hand side. To find out whats on head to www.eventsincardiff.com Comedy Cardiff has a great reputation for comedy and plays host to some of the best UK and International names across a number of venues within the city. Trythe Wales Millennium Centre , Motorpoint Arena Cardiff , or St Davids Hall for big name acts. Alternatively try one of the citys comedy clubs for new talent. Youll find up-and-coming as well as local talent at ChapterArts Centre , plays host to comedy on the first and third Friday of each month. In Cardiff Bay,youll find comedy atThe Glee Club, in Mermaid Quay which features a rangeof national and international comedianson Thursday,Friday and Saturday nights. For a full list of Cardiffs comedy events, click here . Live music Wales is known as a land of song and Cardiff leads the way with a vast array of live music venues. From arena tours to more cosy intimate gigs, Cardiff has the music spectrum covered whether you want to see local bands, live jazz, world music or international super-groups. With some of the most memorable gigs in Cardiffs history being held in the Millennium Stadium , it really is an epic venue.The MotorpointArena Cardiff provides enviable variety and quantity of big-name classic and modern-day artists. St Davids Hall ,Wales National Concert Hallis known for its wide range of live musical performances including world music, jazz, folk andclassic rock pop as well asbeing the home of the Welsh Proms. The Norwegian Church in Cardiff Bay, regularly hosts live music, mainly focussing on world, folk and acoustic artists. An intimate and cosy venue, its the perfect place for an evening out. Cardiff has a range of smaller venues featuring live music, every night of the week.Youll findlaid back acoustic gigs, a myriad of jazz, dance, rock and metal bands, and good old-fashioned pop. Search Cardiffs live music events here . Featured Products Sarah Jane Brown: Off the Wall Stile Antico  The Phoenix Rising Peace75 Festival Things To Do Search Things to Do Type -- Any -- Adventure  Activity Cycling Education Golf Hire Centre Horses  Riding Sightseeing Sport  Leisure Walking Water Activities Winter Sports Animals  Wildlife Casino Castle Civic / Public Buildings Cultural Entertainment Food  Drink Free Entry Green  Countryside Historic Attractions Industrial Heritage Kids Museums  Galleries Science  Discovery Sports, Spa  Leisure Transport Workplace Area -- Any -- Caerphilly borough Cardiff Bay Cardiff City Centre Cardiff East Cardiff North Cardiff West Newport Penarth Rhondda Cynon Taff Vale of Glamorgan Valleys Keyword Green Awards Accessibility Tick here for venues providing access information.  Or search by: A-Z Listing Advanced Book your Accommodation View our Special Offers Visit Cardiff Welcome to Cardiff! Check out our latest video showcasing the dynamic Welsh capital. Visit Cardiff for its buzzing waterfront, imposing castle, first rate shopping and undisputed cultural clout. You'll find a warm Welsh welcome in Europes youngest capital. My itinerary Collect items of interest from this site in your itinerary. Click any item with 'Add to my itinerary' next to it, then save, print or send your itineraries. Home of Visit Cardiff Site Map The home of Doctor Who About Cardiff Tourist Information Centres Things to Do Budget Cardiff Foodies' Cardiff History  Heritage Cardiff Luxury Cardiff Sports  Adventure Cardiff Welsh Experience Cardiff Cardiff Bay Museums  History Galleries  Art Shows  Entertainment Attractions Sightseeing  Tours Accommodation Hotels BB's  Guest Houses Self Catering  Holiday Apartments Cardiff for You Eat  Drink Restaurants Bars  Pubs Shopping Events in Cardiff womex Travel Information How to get around Maps Tourist Information Centres Groups Competitions Special Offers Request a Brochure Latest News Promote your business Subscribe to newsletter Online Booking Terms  Conditions Data Protection Policy 