  Navigation HOME REQUEST A PART OUR INVENTORY DESERT CAR KINGS ABOUT DVAP CONTACT US HOME REQUEST A PART OUR INVENTORY DESERT CAR KINGS ABOUT DVAP CONTACT US McClure Ventures Partners Souvenir Store DVAP Media News Brians Rat Rod Customer Projects  Home  Welcome Welcome The New DVAP.com Is Here! Welcome to our new and improved website. Read More. Image Link The New DVAP.com Is Here! Welcome to our new and improved website. Read More.  Youve reached the home of the world famous Desert Valley Auto Parts, star of the hit Discovery Channel TV show Desert Car Kings. In business since 1993, Desert Valley Auto Parts is the legendary treasure trove of classic cars (and parts) from the 1940s, 50s, 60s, 70s and a few 80s thrown in the mix for good measure. With two locations in the dry Arizona desert just on the edge of the Phoenix metropolitan area, we are 40 acres of dreams come true for collectors, enthusiasts or anyone else looking for a whole car or part of a car they thought they might never find. Search our online inventory listings or request a part . If you dont see what youre looking for in a search of our inventory, dont give up. We have so much in both our yards that we cant even put it all on our website. Dont be afraid to ask . Everyone here is like the Indiana Jones of impossible to find, rare cars and car parts, and we love nothing more than finding what you need on our two massive lots. Well even wear a fedora hat and carry a bull whip when we look if it makes you feel better. But when browsing the images with in the salvage section please remember we only take images of when cars when they come in, parts are sold daily and often images may not be how car is after a period of time and photos are not retaken of the salvage cars after parts are removed, images for for references only, always call ahead if coming to see a certain car in person to be sure parts are still available. Jun 03 Updated DVAP.com Site Is Here Posted on June 3, 2013 by Steve Hames in News  The new DVAP.com has arrived! Weve made great improvements to the performance of the site, including a more intuitive and fast search through our online inventory. Read More  Brians Rat Rod Brians Next Rat Rod Project Is Planned. Meet Buford. Posted on May 26, 2013 by Steve Hames in Brian's Rat Rod  The next Rat Rod project is finally here, and were excited. Here are the specs: 1950 Ford cab and chassis 1950 Buick dash 1930s Buick grille Ford drivetrain Ford rear front straight axle and rear axle Were naming this one Buford to reflect her combination of Buick and Ford components. Please follow this blog [...] Read More  Entire DVAP Inventory Project Cars Salvage Yard Loose Parts   Contact Us At 800-905-8024 Email Us [emailprotected] Desert Valley Auto Parts 23811 N. 7th Avenue Home Request a Part Our Inventory Desert Car Kings About DVAP Contact Us Twitter Feed Could not fetch Twitter RSS feed.   