 News Events Directory A-Z Directory Search DU  Getting Started Talk to an advisor about our programs at: 303-871-2291 & 800-347-2042 How to Register & Apply Now Contact Us Call Us: 303-871-2291 & 800-347-2042 Email Us: ucolsupport@du.edu Contact Directory Admission: 303-871-2291 Request Information University College College of Professional and Continuing Studies Contact / Get Started Master's Certificates Bachelor's Online Programs Non-Credit Languages Courses / Schedule Get Answers Arts And Culture Register Admission Master's Certificate International Non-Credit Program Overview Why University College Program Contact Student Support Center 303-871-2291 ucolsupport@du.edu Academic Advising Sarah Julion Appointment line 303-871-2291  Art, Literature, and Culture ( Master's Degree Specialties: A career-relevant master's degree at University College requires 48 credit hours and is designed, delivered, and priced exclusively for working adults. Classes are offered online, on campus in the evenings, or in a combination of both. ">Master's ) Overview Required Courses Careers Start Now  The Art, Literature, and Culture master's degree is offered online or on campus at the University of Denver in the evenings, or in a combination of both, to meet the needs of busy adults. University College offers graduate students the opportunity to experience and study rich and varied literary, musical, visual, and performance artistic expressions across a variety of cultures. The master's degree concentration is an interdisciplinary program that is presented within a context of the political and social environment. A cultural degree allows students to enhance their ability to be critical, active participants in the arts, as well as connect with artistic material and the act of creative expression. Discover how the arts operate within culture from expert instructors and develop a broad cultural literacy that will transform your view of the arts and give you the critical thinking skills needed to excel within the arts and culture industry. From performing arts to literature, film to art, a cultural degree from the University of Denver's University College provides graduates with an outstanding education that effectively prepares them for a professional position within an art, literature, or culture field. Customize your Arts and Culture master's degree through the innovative Professional Options Curriculum using our convenient online degree builder tool, which allows you to select courses that cater to your specific career needs. Arts and Culture Outcomes This program prepares students to: Describe and discuss arts and culture within the context of today's society, economy, and not-for-profit trends Address and strategize issues of organizational development, inclusiveness, and leadership Plan for programs and events utilizing theoretical guiding principles based on case studies Develop plans for audience development in changing cultural and economic context Tweet  Required Courses MLS in Arts And Culture with a concentration in Art, Literature, and Culture  requires completion of 48 credit hours (12 courses) Professional Foundation Courses - 12 qtr. hrs Professional Foundations courses help students to understand the scope of activity, historical development, future direction and trends, and typical types and roles of organizations that operate within a career field. MALS 4470 - Arts & Culture: History, Context, and Trends  MALS 4480 - Arts & Culture: Best Practices and Practical Skills  MALS 4490 - Cultural Participation and Program Planning Concentration Courses - 16 qtr. hrs (Choose 4)  Professional Concentration courses allow students to focus on a specific professional area within the larger industry sector in which they are working or wish to work, and master the skills needed to excel in that area. MALS 4050 - World Visual and Performance Art  MALS 4750 - Literature to Film  MALS 4755 - World Literature  MALS 4440 - Artists on Art OR MALS 4444 - Emerging Trends in Art  Further Study -  12 qtr. hrs (Choose 3) Further Studies Options allow students to customize their degrees to match their career needs by either choosing in-depth study in their concentration by selecting three of the following courses, or exploring other options by using our Degree Builder tool. MALS 4150 - Poetry: The Voice Within  MALS 4163 - Writing the Screenplay  MALS 4240 - Memoir & Personal Essay  MALS 4260 - Writing the Short Story  MALS 4740 - Natural Science & Literature  MALS 4745 - Children's Literature  MALS 4880 - From Romance to Realism Customize your degree or certificate using our convenient online degree builder tool , which allows you to select courses that cater to your specific career needs. Core Coures - 8 qtr. hrs The Graduate Research and Writing and Capstone Project courses are required for all master's degree students. The Graduate Research and Writing course prepares students for the writing and research assignments throughout their program, including the capstone project. The Capstone Project is the culminating academic endeavor of our degree programs, in which students explore a problem or issue within their field of study. MALS 4020 - Graduate Research and Writing MALS 4901 - MALS Capstone Project OR MALS 4902 - Capstone Seminar Design Your Custom Plan Use the online degree builder tool to customize your degree or certificate. Through the Professional Options Curriculum , youre able to create your own degree or certificate plan by selecting courses that cater specifically to your career needs. Using the online degree builder , youll select the program and courses necessary to graduate from University College. Start Customizing Your Degree View the tutorial or start building your plan now. Careers in Art, Literature, and Culture Titles Writer, Publisher, Creative Manager, Marketer, Cultural Promoter, Art Handler, Art Director, Media Manager, Director of Exhibitions, Critic, Teacher. Duties Writing, promotion, marketing, fundraising, networking, budgeting, networking, collaboration. Outlook As a traditional liberal studies area, the Art, Literature, and Culture concentration leads to wide-reaching job possibilities in the cultural sector or beyond. With critical and creative thinking skills, plus clear communication abilities, this background is suitable for any liberal arts career. Employers continue to hire critical thinkers with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Careers In Arts and Culture Apply creativity to any job! Depending on the size of your arts or culture organization, your function may vary from specific to broad with a wide range of duties in between. Whether you're working in writing, event planning, financial planning, fundraising, marketing, technology administration, or production, your love for the arts combined with a master's degree or graduate certificate will prepare you for a job within the arts industry. From negotiations to marketing, budget planning to production, an arts management career for a non-profit, entrepreneurial, or commercial enterprise is ideal for current or aspiring leaders within the arts and culture community who also seek a business background. Add a splash of color to your career. Demand for artists with technology skills is expected to increase, particularly for computer and mobile graphic artists. Combine the arts development and program management option with a web design or project management background from the Information and Communication Technology program, or pair your skills with fundraising or marketing. Have a passion for the written word? Try your hand at being a professional full-time writer (70% are self-employed) or work for an online publication or publishing house specializing in e-books. If you'd rather craft your own position and open an art gallery, you're in luck: annual revenues for retail art dealers increased 40% over the past five years, according to US Economic Census data. Sounds like a creative avenue worth exploring! Where are they now? Arts and Culture program graduates hold titles such as Communication Manager, Copy Editor, Proofreader, Freelance Author, Teacher, Consultant, Paralegal Assistant, and Library Director for companies or organizations such as Employment Publishing Inc., St. Petersburg College, The Boeing Company, Aurora Public Schools, Denver County School District, City of Pasadena, CIG Media Group, LDS Family Services, CH2M Hill, and Michelman & Robinson. Ready to Apply It's time to gather your materials and apply to your program of choice. Remember to include: Application Form Fee Recommenders Essay Transcripts Rsum Approved Degree Plan Need More Information Interested in attending University College, but need additional information before you make a decision? No problemwe're here to help. You may request additional information about a specific program and specialty, review and ask questions in our Frequently Asked Questions section, or contact University College directly. Request additional information Ask a question Email University College or call 303-871-2291 or 800-347-2042 Want to Take a Class Even if you missed the application deadline, you can start taking courses for one quarter before you have to submit a completed application. We know how important it is to get started when you're ready, so review the class schedule or start the registration process now. View the class schedule Register for a class At a Glance Get started this Fall. Classes begin September 9. All courses in this degree are offered both online and on campus. "> Available in accelerated 10 week terms. Tuition Total degree tuition cost based on current year rates: Master's Degree: $24,288 Master's Degree Online: $26,784 Certificate: $12,144 Certificate Online: $13,392 Per Credit Hour Rates On campus: $506 On campus Non-credit: $300 Online: $558 Online Non-credit: $558 related fees Degree: 48 credit hours Certificate: 24 credit hours DU ranked by U.S. News & World Report as a top 100 university for nearly a decade. View Advisory Board Our programs are developed and updated with the input of advisory boards composed of industry leaders and employers. This ensures that you'll learn what employers are looking for, and gain the most current information with a view to future industry trends, connecting you to future success.  Programs Master's Degrees  Graduate Certificates Arts and Culture Environmental Policy and Management Geographic Information Systems Global Affairs Healthcare Leadership Information and Communications Technology Leadership and Organizations Organizational and Professional Communication Security Management Strategic Human Resource Management Bachelor's Completion Communication Arts Environmental Studies Global Commerce and Transportation Global Studies Information Technology Leadership and Organization Studies Non-Credit Enrichment Program Osher Lifelong Learning Focus Forward Program Get Answers Tuition & Fees Admission Policies & Deadlines Registration & Payment Financial Aid Accreditation Why University College Graduate Curriculum Structure Frequently Asked Questions Resources Degree Builder eCollege Advising Blog Web Central Career Services Alumni Annual Schedules Bachelor of Arts Completion Arts and Culture Environmental Policy and Management Geographic Information Systems Global Affairs Healthcare Leadership Information and Communications Technology Leadership and Organizations Organizational and Professional Communication Security Management Strategic Human Resource Management About DU Campus History & Traditions Facts & Figures Vision & Values DU News DU Today DU Magazine DU Media Resources The Clarion Maps Giving Copyright 2013 University College, University of Denver. 2211 South Josephine St. Denver CO 80208. 303-871-2291 .All rights reserved. Feedback | Privacy. The University of Denver is an equal opportunity affirmative action institution. Arts and Culture Art, Literature, and Culture Arts Development and Program Management Creative Writing Environmental Policy and Management Energy and Sustainability Environmental Assessment of Nuclear Power Environmental Management Environmental Policy Environmental, Health and Safety Natural Resource Management Geographic Information Systems Master of Science in Geographic Information Sciences (GISc) Global Affairs Global Issues Translation Studies World History and Culture Healthcare Leadership Healthcare Policy and Regulatory Leadership Managing Legal Issues in Healthcare Medical and Healthcare Information Technologies Strategic Leadership in Healthcare Organizations Information and Communications Technology Database Design and Administration Geographic Information Systems Information Systems Security Mobile Application Development Project Management Software Design and Programming Technology Management Telecommunications Technology Web Design and Development Leadership and Organizations Human Capital in Organizations Philanthropic Leadership Project Management Strategic Innovation and Change Organizational and Professional Communication Alternative Dispute Resolution New Media and Internet Marketing Organizational Communication Organizational Development, Training, and Learning Public Relations and Marketing Security Management Emergency Planning and Response Information Security Organizational Security Strategic Human Resource Management Global Human Resources Human Resource Management and Development Arts and Culture Art, Literature, and Culture Arts Development and Program Management Creative Writing Environmental Policy and Management Energy and Sustainability Environmental Assessment of Nuclear Power Environmental Management Environmental Policy Environmental, Health and Safety Natural Resource Management Geographic Information Systems Geographic Information Systems Global Affairs Global Issues Translation Studies World History and Culture Healthcare Leadership Healthcare Policy and Regulatory Leadership Managing Legal Issues in Healthcare Medical and Healthcare Information Technologies Strategic Leadership in Healthcare Organizations Information and Communications Technology Database Design and Administration Information Systems Security Mobile Application Development Project Management Software Design and Programming Technology Management Telecommunications Technology Web Design and Development Leadership and Organizations Human Capital in Organizations Philanthropic Leadership Strategic Innovation and Change Organizational and Professional Communication Alternative Dispute Resolution New Media and Internet Marketing Organizational Communication Organizational Development, Training, and Learning Public Relations and Marketing Security Management Emergency Planning and Response Information Security Organizational Security Strategic Human Resource Management Global Human Resources Human Resource Management and Development Bachelor's Completion Program Communication Arts Environmental Studies Global Commerce and Transportation Global Studies Information Technology Leadership and Organization Studies Student Experience From start to finish, the Bachelor of Arts Completion Program provides an unparalleled experience that helps you do more for your career, family, and community. Master's Degrees Graduate Courses Certificates Bachelor's Degrees Bachelor's Courses How Online Works See How Our Online Course Works Online classes are designed and delivered for busy adults seeking a convenient option to pursue education. Enrichment Program Osher Lifelong Learning Institute Focus Forward Program Lifelong Learning Non-credit classes offer diverse, interesting topics from politics to the arts, nature to technology. Stimulate your mind and reawaken your curiosityall for the love of learning!  1. Choose Term Autumn Quarter 2013 Winter/Spring/Fall 2013 (Non-Credit) 2. Choose Degree Choose Degree Graduate Bachelors 3. Choose Program Select a Program 4. Choose Format Choose Format All Delivery Online Courses On campus Courses 5. Search  Tuition & Fees Master's/Certificate Tuition Bachelor's Tuition Non-Credit Tuition Admission Master's Certificate International Bachelor's Combined Degree Community College Transfer Non-Credit Policies & Deadlines Important Dates Grades Withdrawals & Refunds (Credit) Withdrawals & Refunds (Non-Credit) Registration & Payment Payment Options New Students Continuing Students International Students Waitlist & Course Cancellation Preparing for Class Financial Aid Master's/Certificate Bachelor's Scholarships Miltary/Veteran Services Accreditation Why University College Graduate Curriculum Structure Frequently Asked Questions 