  Search for: Automotive Digest Home News Newsletters Industry Events Market Research People Contact Media Kit Aftermarket  Dealers  Energy/Environmental  Fleet/Rental  Funding  Global  Manufacturers  Marketing  Remarketing  Vehicle Safety  Press Releases  Video News  Views People  Ideas to Watch Featured Video The Industry is Moving Fast — With Good and Bad Results Both consumer and dealers have a lot of information at their fingertips and are moving fast. This creates a volatile situation that's chock-full of advantages and disadvantages. The Industry is Moving Fast — With Good and Bad Results MIKE WILLIAMSVP of Mobile and Direct Sales, Black Book Drivers of the Salvage Market JEANENE O'BRIENInsurance Auto Auctions Independents: Why You Should Join Your Local Auto Dealers’ Association DAVE WARKENTINExecutive Director, Arizona Independent Auto Dealers Assn.  Automotive Industry News For 8/27/2013 Geely Hopes to Enter U.S. Market – with Help From Volvo This is not the first time Chinese automaker Geely has attempted to send its product line to the U.S., but this time the automaker is banking on Volvo Cars ownership.Get the details on the Geely-Volvo connections and where it could lead. [ More ] U.S. Sales for Nissan on Record Pace This Year Nissan is having its best year on record in the United States, led by strong growth of core models like the Altima, Sentra, Pathfinder, Versa and Rogue.Find out more about what Nissan divisional Vice President Fred Diaz has to say. [ More ] Ford Seeks to Pull Ahead of Rivals with its Fusion Ford Motor Co . has become a “volume player” against the competition, strategizing to put the Ford Fusion ahead of the Toyota Camry and Honda Accord in sales while maintaining a competitive price point.Get the details on the price point Ford hopes to maintain. [ More ] All of Today's News Upcoming Industry Events 09/04/2013 AutoCON 2013 Aria Casino & Resort Las Vegas 09/10/2013 BusCon Navy Pier Chicago, IL 09/11/2013 AFLA 2013 The Westin Kierland Resort Scottsdale, Arizona Complete Calendar Industry People Ricky Richardson Field Service Technician PALFINGER Liftgates - 12/31/1969 PALFINGER Liftgates announced the hiring of Ricky Richardson as Field Service Technician. Richardson brings 36 years of experience to the PALFINGER Liftgates team. Previously, he held the position of Technical Fleet Sales Support/Warranty Manager, in addition to ten years of Operations Management experience. Richardson will be primarily responsible for training OEM and distributors with installations training and after sales service as well as training and supporting fleet maintenance and troubleshooting for fleets with in-house service centers. More People in the Industry Follow The Leaders Brian Geitner, President, NextGear Capital Brian Geitner talks about NextGear Capital's mission to create and encourage simple solutions that help their dealer customers grow and succeed by investing in the latest technologies that help customers embrace a more efficient business model. lkahre@nextgearcapital.com Click for more Leaders Weekly Industry News Poll Who's Your Favorite U.S. Automaker? Ford Chrysler General Motors Tesla View Results Loading ... Auto Industry Forum E-Letters To The Webitor More Hot News These 5 40-MPG Sedans Are on the Market Today! New Study Looks Deep into the Millennial Mindset KBB: August Sales on Track for Record Full-Year Men and Women Approach Car-Buying Differently Can Technology Put an End to Drunken Driving? All of Today's News Featured Press Release PassTime Announces New Tamper Detection Feature: PT SOS All Press Releases Significant Statistics Wholesale Used Vehicle Price Trends – July 2013 Click for Significance of Data Market Research Segment Share by Automaker – August 2013 The growth in the truck segment appears to have no end in sight Thanks in large part to the rise in new home construction taking place across US Kelley Blue Book expects growth in the full-size pickup truck segment to continue unabated View All Market Research Studies & Reports Kontos Forecast of Modest Price Softening Continues Tom Kon­tos Exec­u­tive Vice Pres­i­dent  Chief Econ­o­mist ADESA Ana­lyt­i­cal Services ADESA’s Whole­sale Used Vehi­cle Prices by Vehi­cle Model Class saw prices in June aver­age $9,516 – down 2.9% from May and 3.7% from June 2012. For the half-year mar­ket, prices are down 3.1% year-over-year. Con­sis­tent with Kon­tos’ fore­cast that prices will soften mod­estly through [...] View All Studies Industry White Papers 2G Network Sunset: What It Means and How It Affects You View All White Papers How-To By The Experts The Message at the Top of Your Email Gets it Read (or Not) View All How-To By The Experts Test Drives & Rides 2013 Audi A7 The 2013 Audi A7 is a lux­u­ri­ous four-passenger sedan that looks like a coupe and offers the func­tion­al­ity of a wagon, thanks to its fast­back rear hatch. View All Test Drives ADVERTISE WITH US Contact AIN Media Publisher Chuck Parker at cparker@automotivedigest.com or (310) 265-2225 to learn more. Aftermarket  Dealers  Energy/Environmental  Fleet/Rental  Funding  Global  Manufacturers  Marketing  Remarketing  Vehicle Safety  Press Releases  Home News Newsletters Industry Events Market Research People Contact Media Kit 2013 Automotive Information Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 