  Jobs Findajob.ie Search Jobs Advertise a Job Upload CV Career Advice Education & Training Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Homes Globrix.ie Buy Property Rent Property Advertise Properties Deals Grabone.ie Dublin Cork Galway Limerick Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices Announcement.ie Deaths In Memoriam Book a Notice Book an Ad Book a Print Ad Book an Online Ad Google+ Facebook Twitter  Tuesday 27 August 2013 Hi C | Lo C Change Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford  News Irish News Courts World News Europe Americas Middle East Africa Asia-Pacific Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Analysis Comment Local Papers Weather Upload your Weather photos Former Wexford hurling captain could be jailed over bankruptcy Labour wants 'Super Dublin' constituency to boost MEP bid Government gets four-month deadline for planned voting system referendum President’s tribute to Spanish rail victims [TICON-A VIDEO] Rabbitte: No “cavemen” in the country who don’t watch television PSNI arrest 106 people in riot crackdown Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League League of Ireland Gaelic Football Hurling Rugby Rabodirect PRO 12 Heineken Cup Lions Tour Golf Irish Open Horse Racing Galway Races Other Sports Cycling Erik Lamela in London to complete 30m move to Spurs Vidic hails United fans for Rooney backing Nicolas Roche retains third place in Vuelta after stage four Roberto Martinez reveals he has not made a bid for James McCarthy Leo Cullen confirmed as Leinster captain for sixth consecutive season Karl MacGinty: Rory McIlroy has nobody to blame but himself Business Irish World Technology Farming Small Business Media Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Commercial Property  Financial Services Ombudsman to have name and shame powers Deposits stay flat at €152bn but main banks less reliant on ECB Insurance firm FBD ‘expected’ H1 profits drop to €19.1m Own-label products threaten our love affair with brands [TICON-A VIDEO] Richard Curran: UTV results show any economic recovery is not immediately apparent in advertising spending Irish ex-pat demand sends Supermacs Down Under  Woman Celeb News Photos Videos Fashion Beauty Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Horoscopes Competitions Heidi Klum and Mel B show off their natural beauty America's Got Talent judges Heidi Klum and Mel B braved took the plunge and showed off their makeup free faces.  Proud granny Carole makes a 'baby bible' Carole Middleton has given Will and Kate a manual full of information before they left her home.  Rosie Huntington-Whiteley teases fans with bikini pictures Posts bikini snaps online of her sun holiday in Ibiza.  Entertainment Movies Music TV & Radio Going Out Festivals Upload your festival photos Books & Arts Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords & Puzzles  I can see why the girls love Niall, but the 1D boys are a bit young for me – RTE’s Diana Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston 'to play Lex Luthor in Man Of Steel sequel' Jennifer Lopez returns to American Idol Folk legend Finbar Furey chases dream role as Affleck's dad in mob film I nearly retired, says Pat's RTE rival Sean O'Rourke Kathryn's hopes of TV work in US 'boosted by Voice role' Lifestyle Health Eye Health Mothers & Babies Education Springboard Food & Drink Property & Homes Motoring Travel Travel News Inside Ireland Destinations ThreeTrending News Video School daze - The first day can be daunting, especially for the parents I've put a spell on you Lunch with...Aoibhn Garrihy Red Hurley is 'blessed amongst women' Tenor's notes from Paul Byrom on a love match Green shoots of recovery Videos Photos Search Go Independent.ie  Entertainment   Electric Picnic secured for another decade Sarah Stack Securing the future of the Electric Picnic music and arts festival for another decade is the perfect way to celebrate its 10th birthday, its promoter has claimed.  Facebook  Twitter  Google+  I can see why the girls love Niall, but the 1D boys are a bit young for me – RTE’s Diana Eimear Rabbitte NIALL Horan's rumoured new squeeze Ellie Goulding may have some competition – from RTE star Diana Bunici.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston 'to play Lex Luthor in Man Of Steel sequel' Matilda Battersby The news is announced before superhero fans have recovered from the news that Ben Affleck is to play Batman opposite Henry Cavill’s Superman.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  Jennifer Lopez returns to American Idol Caitlin McBride The worst kept secret in reality television is finally out - singer Jennifer Lopez will be returning as a judge for season 13 of American Idol, her boyfriend Casper Smart confirmed.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  Folk legend Finbar Furey chases dream role as Affleck's dad in mob film Eimear Rabbitte Folk legend Finbar Furey has his eye on Hollywood after revealing that he is in talks to star as Ben Affleck's dad in a big budget movie.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  I nearly retired, says Pat's RTE rival Sean O'Rourke Ken Sweeney RT chose the broadcaster to go head to head with Pat Kenny on Newstalk.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  Kathryn's hopes of TV work in US 'boosted by Voice role' Ken Sweeney She hosts The Voice Of Ireland but Kathryn Thomas could soon be working on her dream job in the States.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  Brendan Grace: 'I put Brendan O'Carroll on the road to fame... in a Fiat 127' Ken Sweeney Grace has revealed how he paid for Brendan O'Carroll's first car, hired him as his assistant, and was responsible for his TV debut decades before Mrs Brown's Boys aired on the BBC.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  Selena Gomez teaches Ethan Hawke how to 'twerk' on 'Getaway' set Denise Calnan An unlikely starring duo for the big screen, but Selena Gomez and Ethan Hawke’s budding friendship was evident on the red carpet last night.  Recommend  Twitter Google+  Cinema  Event Finder County Antrim Armagh Carlow Cavan Clare Cork Derry Donegal Down Dublin Fermanagh Galway Kerry Kildare Kilkenny Laois Leitrim Limerick Longford Louth Mayo Meath Monaghan Offaly Roscommon Sligo Tipperary Tyrone Waterford Westmeath Wexford Wicklow Category Category Art Arts Centre Cinema Clubs Comedy Dance Education Festival Gallery Leisure Literary Music Opera Sport Target Audience Temporary Theatre Cinema/Venue Choose County & Category first Search Don't Miss Day two: Rachel Allen's Cooking Secret See her column in LIFE magazine, only with the Sunday Independent, for more Entertainment Video One Direction at This Is Us premiere in New York One Direction hit the red carpet for the US premiere for their 3D movie, This Is Us, in New York.  Amanda Seyfried reveals Eva Cassidy dream role Amanda Seyfried has revealed that playing Eva Cassidy would be her dream role.  The Guilty is different to Broadchurch - Kelly Kelly plays the role of the mother of a missing child who turns out to have been murdered was different to anything she had seen before. In the interview she says that this new ITV series is different to the channel's previous hit Broadchurch and discusses the length of time needed to film the series.  Kim Kardashian Works Off Her Baby Weight On a Hike Kim Kardashian continues to work on her post-baby body as she goes on a walk with her younger sisters Kylie and Kendall.  One Direction on Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga One Direction talk reaction to Taylor Swift's acceptance speech and support from Lady Gaga.  MTV VMAs: Lady Gaga opens awards show with new song Applause Lady Gaga opened the MTV VMAs with a performance of her new single Applause.  Miley Cyrus Gets All Shy and Covers Up After Racy VMAs Performance Miley Cyrus looks shy the day after her controversial MTV VMAs performance in New York.  One Direction perfume launch: Fans go crazy for Our Moment Fans came out in droves for the launch of One Direction's debut perfume Our Moment at Harrods.  MTV VMAs: Justin Timberlake and *NSYNC reunite Justin Timberlake and *NSYNC reunite for a MTV Video Music Awards performance of Bye Bye Bye.  MTV VMAs: Miley Cyrus performs in nude bikini Miley Cyrus wore a nude-coloured bikini while dancing seductively with Robin Thicke during a performance of his summer hit Blurred Lines. Movies Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston 'to play Lex Luthor in Man Of Steel sequel' The news is announced before superhero fans have recovered from the news that Ben Affleck is to play Batman opposite Henry Cavill’s Superman. Folk legend Finbar Furey chases dream role as Affleck's dad in mob film Folk legend Finbar Furey has his eye on Hollywood after revealing that he is in talks to star as Ben Affleck's dad in a big budget movie. Selena Gomez teaches Ethan Hawke how to 'twerk' on 'Getaway' set An unlikely starring duo for the big screen, but Selena Gomez and Ethan Hawke’s budding friendship was evident on the red carpet last night. [TICON-A VIDEO] Anti-Affleck petition exceeds 73,000 as Batman actor signs multi-picture deal Naomi Watts ‘paralysed’ face for Diana role Domhnall Gleeson cast by Angelina Jolie in WW II flick Rachel McAdams 'never expected' to date Ryan Gosling after [TICON-A VIDEO] Ben Affleck set to play Batman Review: One Direction: This Is Us Four Weddings and... 72 Auditions TV & Radio Jennifer Lopez returns to American Idol The worst kept secret in reality television is finally out - singer Jennifer Lopez will be returning as a judge for season 13 of American Idol, her boyfriend Casper Smart confirmed. I nearly retired, says Pat's RTE rival Sean O'Rourke RT chose the broadcaster to go head to head with Pat Kenny on Newstalk. Kathryn's hopes of TV work in US 'boosted by Voice role' She hosts The Voice Of Ireland but Kathryn Thomas could soon be working on her dream job in the States. Louis slams Cowell over ‘ageist’ 2007 sacking Chris O'Dowd takes director's seat on 'Moone Boy' set RTE to hold 'dry run' of O'Rourke's new show Ex-2FM boss drafted in to lighten up O'Rourke slot Sponsor deal for new Kenny show to cover bulk of his fee 'I wasn't after the Rose of Tralee title, I was after the Mrs O'Sullivan title,' says bride 'Fran' turns back on life of crime for farmer role Music Niall Horan likely to be the first One Directioner to go solo The Mullingar teen will “definitely” be the first One Direction member to go solo, according to his band-mates. Justin Timberlake the big winner at the MTV Video Music Awards Justin Timberlake won big on Sunday at MTV's annual Video Music Awards, taking home the top prize for video of the year for Mirrors and a special achievement honor, and also led a much-anticipated onstage reunion of the boy band 'N Sync. One Direction: I'm with the band There's a sixth member to One Direction – their devoted fans Calvin Harris and Tiesto joint tour full line-up announced It's about time we all saluted the living genius of Philip Chevron [TICON-A VIDEO] Taylor Swift smashes Madonna and Britney's concert sell-out record [TICON-A VIDEO] 70,000 One Direction devotees flock to premiere Solo Shane pins hopes on success of new song One Direction: It’s hard to see our parents upset Irish fans got me through first sober gig – Fatboy Slim Festivals Picnic sells out 'thanks to cut-price tickets' ORGANISERS are putting this year's sell-out of Electric Picnic down to the slashing of ticket prices for festival-goers. Electric Picnic main stage times revealed The official schedule for Electric Picnic’s main stage has been released. Electric Picnic tickets sell out Tickets for the upcoming Electric Picnic music and arts festival have sold out. Thousands of Eminem fans descend on Slane Clampdown on drink as 500 gardai set for Eminem gig Good vibes make for many happy campers Fun ruined by theft of my possessions [TICON-A SLIDESHOW] Fans revel in the rain at Indiependence Kodaline's spirits not dampened by weather at Indiependence Love in the air as boyfriend pops question at gig Books & Arts Debut novelist longlisted for second prestigious book award IRISH author Donal Ryan's debut novel 'The Spinning Heart', which has already been longlisted for this year's Booker Prize, has now been longlisted for the Guardian First Book Award in the UK. At last - it's the new JK Rowling Irish heroine Paige Mahoney looks set to be next big thing An Irish priest who found love in Peru Missionary had to rethink his life after the church's 'ruthless' reaction to criticism One to keep you tied down for the summer Daily grind downstairs at Longbourn is far from Austentatious Adele writing children’s book 'Love/Hate' stars to light up theatre festival Kenneth Branagh to make New York debut as Macbeth Crime's 'laureate of the gutter' Elmore Leonard dies aged 87 In for 'The Kills' – can a thriller really win the Booker? Sponsored features Eye Health Top picks from new Specsavers Osiris 2013 range The bold new collection for Specsavers opticians from Paris-based fashion designer Jrgen Simonsen has some amazing new designer glasses. Back to school but ‘eight may be too late’ It’s Back to School time, but parents have been warned that ‘eight may be too late’ for an eye test. So Specsavers opticians are reminding parents to keep an eye on their children’s eyesight, to reduce the likelihood of problems in the classroom. Eye on road safety …. With Specsavers Specsavers stores throughout Ireland are upping the ante on promoting the fundamental links between good eyesight, visibility and road safety with the Drive Safe campaign. Features Back to School with Kellogg’s – A Top Class Start! We all know that tight schedules and chaotic mornings can lead to breakfast not being a top priority in many households.As September draws closer, and families start to prepare to go back to school and get organised for the new school year, the role of breakfast becomes increasingly important to ensure that children get a good start to the day.  COELIAC DISEASE Coeliac disease is a condition where someone has sensitivity to gluten, the protein found in wheat, rye and barley. Best family holiday breaks 2013 ….. Lakelands family adventures in Athlone “The thriving town of Athlone is a magnet for river traffic…It's one of Ireland's most vibrant towns, with a mix of stylish modern developments and small winding streets”. Lonely Planet 2013 Features An Post – Helping Irish businesses grow internationally The movement towards online shopping shows no sign of slowing down with Retail Ireland predicting online sales to grow to €21 billion by 2017*. The good news for businesses who want to retail online is that it has never been easier to build a website and begin trading online.  KEEPING WELL WITH COELIAC DISEASE Being diagnosed with coeliac disease can come as a relief to many people – they finally have an explanation for how they have been feeling  Looking for a mortgage? At KBC Bank Ireland we understand that purchasing your home is much more than just a financial transaction. Our mortgages are designed to take the worry out of buying a home, allowing you to concentrate on what is most important – finding the perfect property for you. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy  This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy  Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Local Papers Weather Business Irish World Technology Farming Personal Finance Sport Soccer Gaelic Football Hurling Rugby Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Entertainment TV & Radio Movies Music Going Out Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Woman Lifestyle Photos Videos Jobs Property Directory Cars Social Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Add us on google+ Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Subscribe to our newsletters Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites Search Go © Independent.ie  News Sport Business Woman Entertainment Lifestyle Videos Photos Google+ Facebook Twitter  Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3). 