 Sooper Articles Your Best Article Source.. Titles Contents Authors  Welcome, Guest Submit Articles Sooper Authors Top Articles Blog Widgets RSS Feeds FAQ Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Article Categories Art  Entertainment Actors Comics  Animation Humor Movies  TV Music Philosophy Photography Poetry Tattoos Theater Visual Art Automotive Business Careers Communications Education Finance Food  Drinks Gaming Health  Fitness Hobbies Home and Family Home Improvement Internet Law News  Society Pets Real Estate Relationship Self Improvement Shopping Spirituality Sports Technology Travel Writing Subscribe to Latest Articles Enter your email address: Useful Links For Authors Author Guidelines Article Writing Tips Why Submit Articles Home Art  Entertainment Articles Music Articles Music Articles Subscribe to Music Articles Music is often called the 'food for our souls' and rightly so! Music can perk you up when you are feeling down and it can calm you when you are fuming upon something. Music is beautiful, relaxing and entertaining. Our articles in this category are loaded with information about music and music industry. You can find features about your favorite artists, bands, album reviews, billboard charts, music awards, downloading songs and a lot more interesting news about music! You can also find great informative articles on learning music, singing and instrument playing. Displaying 1 - 20 Music Articles Types of Violin Strings And The Character of Sound Different kinds of strings can markedly adjust the sonic character of violins. Plain and wound gut, steel and synthetic strings offer timbres varying from mellow to bright with different degrees of stability and playing ease. By: Nathan Weiss published on August 26, 2013 DVD Replication Process is Experiencing a Sharp Increase With The Passage of Time It holds true that the dvd replication business has witnessed immense growth over the past decade. The immense rise in business pertaining to copying multiple DVDs has eliminated VHS as a chief medium pertaining to delivering marketing communication and entertainment content. By: Lara Anderson published on August 23, 2013 Brian Epstein - The Man That Made The Beatles Fifty years on and the Beatles are still amazingly popular today. Love the Beatles? Read about the man who is said to have been the 5th Beatle, Brian Epstein. By: P A Lewis published on August 22, 2013 Three Basic Things to Know about Acoustic Panels Generally, an acoustic panel is a kind of fabric that is covered by a special material. This is commonly placed on the walls, as well as ceilings and the like in order to absorb sound. If you are into music making, then you probably need this. By: John Roady published on August 23, 2013 Main Considerations of The Musical Instrument Manufacturers India India has been one of those countries where music has always been a key part of lives, touching the lives of common people. Great music composers, musicians and maestros have done path breaking achievements that have put them on world center stage and earned them a worldwide fame. By: Jagdish Parshad published on August 22, 2013 How to Learn Ballroom Dancing Lesson at Home? There are plenty of DVDs which you will be able to purchase and use them to find out ballroom dancing at your own home. Many of them choose a certain kind of dance as well as different skill levels. By: Betsy Berg published on August 21, 2013 Unavoidable Role of Music Instruments in Our Lives Musical instruments play an increasingly important role in our lives. We have discussed below how these gadgets have transformed our lives completely. By: Kliff Mascota published on August 21, 2013 Pole Dancing Lessons to be Adopted as a Must Here in this article the author has discussed what are the needs of going through rigorous dancing lessons, before being a professional pole dancer or an expert. By: Kasia Rain published on August 20, 2013 Music Jobs- Know How to Get One Music is the most divine concept one can experience in this world. Well, it has the ability to take us on top of the world and give an eternal feeling. If you ask music lovers, they would surely say Music is my life. By: Yannick Dalmas published on August 20, 2013 Ghazal Singing- Mesmerizing Listeners of Music With Scintillating Vocals The transition of the ghazal from a poetic form to a musical form was a slow one. Ghazals havent changed much since the twentieth century. Many scholars claim that the ghazal originated in Arabia, many others believe it originated in Persia. By: Alisha Pinto published on August 20, 2013 Top 10 Ways That Binaural Beats Are Used Most of our lives are filled with hectic schedules, fast moving thoughts and the need to continue doing different things. Despite the continuous need to be on the go, are specific devices that can give us the ability to unwind and enjoy relaxation. By: Teresa Rogers published on August 20, 2013 Social Tips about Learning Ballroom Dancing Lesson Ballroom dancing lesson also offers many physical benefits. Many of us live sedentary lifestyles, chained to our desks and computers more often than wed like. Ballroom dance lessons get us up and moving. By: Betsy Berg published on August 19, 2013 Bengali Devotional Singer In Kolkata Sings Various Bhajans The Bengali Devotional Singer in Kolkata has sang several bhajans in a very enchanting manner. Most of these songs are based on the theme on classical music. You will surely enjoy them. By: Keshav Nath published on August 13, 2013 How to Make Ball Room Dancing Lessons more Delightful? Ballroom dancing also offers many physical benefits. Learning ballroom dance lesson is really delightful and full of fun and enjoyment. Learning new steps from the expert trainers helps the learners stretch both mentally and physically. Confidence grows with practice and the learners start. By: Betsy Berg published on August 09, 2013 Sing Along to Desi Beats Planning a party? So you have got the to-do list all checked and ready so your guests have everything they need. But you sure dont want your guests to be twiddling their thumbs and stuck in awkward conversations throughout the evening. By: Pietersen Swann published on August 07, 2013 Jonas Brothers - The Singing Sensation The Jonas Brothers are an American pop rock band that was formed in 2005. This band is formed by three brothers Paul Kevin Jonas II, Joseph Adam Jonas and Nicholas Jerry Jonas from Wyckoff, New Jersey. Read more here. By: Marcus Scromwell published on August 07, 2013 Necessary Cymbals for Your Drum Kit The role of cymbals in drum kit depends largely on the type of service they provide. The prominent types of cymbals available today are: orchestral cymbals, crash cymbals, suspended cymbal and ancient cymbals. By: Lilian Hirst published on August 06, 2013 Bose Qc15 Headphones vs Beats by Dre Studio Headphones As far as sound goes, both are pretty much on par with each other and will give you an excellent auditory experience. You will be able to pick out sounds and nuances of your music that you have not heard before. By: David Lee published on August 06, 2013 Your Music Versus Your Conscience There are many such situations that happen to you where you find yourself stuck on an island and find nowhere out to escape, the only way left is that dark road which you do not want to take for which you are not really sure where will it take you. By: Asthi Singh published on August 05, 2013 Experience the Live Concert on your Home with Concert DVDs If you like live concert and want to watch all the live concerts of your favorite singers world tours you can buy their concert DVDs. These DVDs are having digital quality audios and visuals and you can have all this at very minimum prices. By: Wayne Disilvestro published on August 05, 2013  Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 49 50 Next   Submit Articles | Blog | Author Guidelines | Mobile | Widgets | FAQ | Advertise | Resources | Privacy Policy | Terms of Services | Contact Copyright  2013 Sooper Articles - Free Articles . All Rights Reserved. Powered by: ISolution 