  Northtown Preowned Amherst , NY 14226 Sales : 866-650-7404 Service : 716-923-2100 Parts : 716-614-7000  Home Visit Other Stores Pre-Owned Vehicles Pre-Owned Inventory Vehicles Under $10K Certified Pre-Owned What is Pre Auction Inventory? Pre-Auction Vehicles Pre-Owned Specials Featured Vehicles Value Your Trade CarFinder Free Carfax Recall Check Financing Finance Center Finance Application Payment Estimator Value Your Trade Service Center Schedule Service Check Vehicle Status Pay Service Bill Service Specials Collision Center Accessories Parts Department Order Parts Parts Specials Accessories Specials Featured Specials Finance Specials About Us About Us Contact Us Employment     Quick Contact Pre-Owned Inventory Value Your Trade View Specials About Us  Service 716-923-2100  Make Appointment Check Vehicle Status Pay Service Bill   Welcome to Northtown Preowned Buffalo NY Used Car Sales, Service, Financing At Northtown you will find More Used Cars and Trucks for Sale and more finance options. Our goal is to provide you with Convenience, Savings and Selection and to build honest relationships with hard-working people just like you. While we strive to give our customers more attention, more options and more value, we're guided by one simple rule; The Golden Rule at Northtown, we treat others as we want to be treated. And when it comes to the vehicle you drive, never settle for anything but the best. This philosophy translates to exceptional service, money-saving specials and a wide assortment of Used Cars, Trucks, SUVs and Vans and Certified Pre-owned Used Car Vehicle Inventory selections to its Buffalo, NY area customers, backed by outstanding service. Come to our dealership today and experience preferential treatment. We know that you have high expectations, and as a car dealer we enjoy the challenge of meeting and exceeding those standards each and every time. Allow us to demonstrate our commitment to excellence! When you are looking for a specific vehicle that is not in our inventory, simply complete the CarFinder form and we will notify you when the vehicle arrives. We want you to leave our lot in the perfect car that you can afford; the finance department can help by securing you a great car loan or lease rate. Our experienced sales staff is eager to share its knowledge and enthusiasm with you. We encourage you to browse our online inventory, schedule a test drive and investigate financing options. You can also request more information about a Preowned Used Car , Cars for Sale Under $10,000 , Certified Preowned Used Cars , Factory Auto Parts , More Financing Options and Automotive Service, using our online Contact US form or by calling 866-650-7404. PreShop to buy Used Cars on our website, Schedule a Test Drive and come by the dealership located at 1035 Millersport Highway, Amherst, New York as well! Get Driving Directions to our Car Dealership from North Western New York, Buffalo Area including, Buffalo, Amherst, Williamsville, Orchard Park, Getzville, Attica, Batavia, Lockport, Cheektowaga, West Seneca, Rochester, Jamestown, Niagara Falls, North Tonawanda, Lancaster, Hamburg, Clarence, Cleveland, Youngstown, Ohio, Warren, Erie, Pittsburgh PA and more, give us a call. We look forward to serving you! Northtown Preowned offers More Convenience, More Savings and More Selection of Used Cars for Sale in Buffalo NY; Preowned Cars, Trucks, SUVs, Crossovers, Vans. We would like to thank you for visiting our website and considering Northtown Preowned for the purchase of your pre-owned vehicle. It is our goal to provide you with an excellent purchase and ownership experience. Northtown Automotive Companies  Home Specials Service Center Parts Center Sitemap  Pre-Owned Inventory Certified Inventory Vehicles Under $10K Value Your Trade CarFinder  Featured Vehicles Pre-Owned Specials Finance Specials Service Specials Parts Specials  Schedule Service Check Vehicle Status Auto Body Shop Ask A Service Tech Order Parts  About Us Contact Us Join Our Team Privacy  Website by Dealer.com   Login Make the most of your shopping experience by creating an account. You can: Access your saved cars on any device. Receive Price Alert emails if prices change. Privacy Policy Already Registered? Login Already Registered? Login here: New to our site? Create your account You've Successfully logged in! Logout View My Favorites Page  Recently Viewed Cars Registration Successful! You're now logged in as and will receive alerts when prices change on your saved cars. Would you like us to send you price alerts? Yes please Not now Providing an email lets you: Access your saved cars on any device. Receive Price Alert emails if prices change. Privacy Policy Already Registered? Login You do not have any recently viewed cars at this time. View My Favorites Page  Saved Cars We've saved this car for you! Registration Successful! You're now logged in as and will receive alerts when prices change on your saved cars. Would you like us to send you price alerts? Yes please Not now Providing an email lets you: Access your saved cars on any device. Receive Price Alert emails if prices change. Privacy Policy Already Registered? Login You do not have any saved cars at this time.  View My Favorites Page  Price Alerts Alerts Set! You're now logged in as and will receive alerts when prices change on your saved cars. Please provide your email address to begin receiving price alerts at home, at work, and on your phone! Privacy Policy Already Registered? Login You do not have any unread price alerts at this time. View My Favorites Page  Info Make the most of your shopping experience! Login | Create Account Save Cars and continue your research later at home or on the go with your phone! Compare all your cars at once from one place, side-by-side! Get notified by email or text message when a car you're interested in drops in price! Hide Show   omniture implementation    [if IE]>