  Local Businesses Find People Buy Cars Maps Daily Deals Helpful Tips Local Weather Lottery Results SuperGuarantee Sign In  Superpages.com Advanced Search change Add Your FREE Listing  See More Results 0 0 share Del.icio.us Reddit Stumble Upon Digg Yahoo Buzz Windows Live Google Bookmarks Take our app for a spin Superpages  app for iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch and Android, including Kindle Fire. Get Directions View Larger Map A B Add Destination Reverse Directions Shortest time Shortest distance Miles Kilometers  Cross Automotive Cross Automotive 1113 Bankhead Highway Carrollton , GA , 30117 USA 33.59288 , -85.043629 770- 830-5460 Cross Automotive 3 Reviews 1113 Bankhead Highway, Carrollton, GA 30117 (770) 830-5460 Google Bookmarks Windows Live Del.icio.us Digg Yahoo Buzz Stumble Upon Reddit  Info Reviews (3) Images ( 0 ) Improve this Listing | Business Owners Update Information Business Details Category (Edit) Used  Pre-Owned Cars  Are You the Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com and add importantinformation about your business online. The more reviews and additionalinformation you provide about your business, the easier it will be forcustomers to find you online. Manage your reviews and ratings Create coupons Connect with customers Write a Review | My Ratings & Reviews | User Reviews User Reviews | Blogs Blogs User Reviews The person icon indicates that the reviewer is an employee of SuperMedia LLC. SuperMedia operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarilly reflect the view of SuperMedia. Jan 2, 2013 by anonymous 5 Jan 2, 2013 business Cross Automotive 1113 Bankhead Highway , Carrollton , GA 30117 USA Great people to deal with!!! Love my green f150!!!! Was this Review helpful to you? Report Abuse | Business Owner Reply to Review 0.3 Oct 25, 2012 by anonymous 5 Oct 25, 2012 business Cross Automotive 1113 Bankhead Highway , Carrollton , GA 30117 USA made us feel right at home, i have recommed them to everyone,,,, love my red truck Was this Review helpful to you? Report Abuse | Business Owner Reply to Review 0.3 Feb 27, 2011 by Guest90536 5 Feb 27, 2011 business Cross Automotive 1113 Bankhead Highway , Carrollton , GA 30117 USA ...got me approved at a real bank when all other dealers said no. thank you. ill be back. i luv my 2005 focas! Was this Review helpful to you? 1 5 1 of 6 found this review helpful Report Abuse | Business Owner Reply to Review 0.3  Blogs Add a Blog 1 - 5 of 5 Results Add an Image Images  Browse to locate your photos. All photos are subject to review and take at least 24 hours to appear on the site. Your browser does not support inline frames or is currently configured not to display inline frames. JPEG or GIF only, no larger than 5MB Enter a title for your photo and upload. By uploading a photo you are agreeing to our Photo Guidelines Please wait while your image is uploading... Your image has been successfully uploaded. Would you like to upload another image? There was an error uploading your file Your file could not be uploaded successfully. Try uploading Thank you for adding your photos Your photos for Cross Automotive will be reviewed by our Quality Control Team, and should take at least 24 hours to update.  You Might Also Like Enterprise Rent-A-Car Serving the VILLA RICA,GA area View Website Enterprise Rent-A-Car Great cars. Low rates. Free pick-up. Learn more. View Website American Family Insurance - Joel Saxon Local Agents Available To Answer Your Auto Insurance Needs. Call Now. View Website Search Nearby Banks Florists Restaurants Pharmacies Transportation Department Stores Data provided by one or more of the following: SuperMedia, Acxiom , Infogroup . Cross AutomotiveUsed & Pre-Owned Cars5/532013-01-02 14:17:02.05/532012-10-25 09:04:01.0 User Generated Content Guidelines Edit this Business Info - Publishing Guidelines User provided updates will not over-write updates provided by the business owner. Superpages.com's editorial department will review the updates, but does not validate the updates with the business. Information provided will be screened and must meet the Content Guidelines before it is published on Superpages.com. Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy. By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided. Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online. Photos - Publishing Guidelines For photos to publish, the user has to be a registered Superpages.com user. The user will receive an email from Superpages.com asking them to click the link verifying that the photo can be published on Superpages.com. All photos will be edited by Superpages.com staff. The photos must meet the Superpages.com Photo Guidelines. The Content was created by me or by my employees or by a third party who has given me written permission to use the Content in the manner contemplated by the Application. If the Content includes a person or persons, I have obtained from each person in the photo the unrestricted right to use the photo. I have the unrestricted right and authority to use the Content in any media and in any advertising published under the Application in the way it is used. Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy. By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided. Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online Business Blogs - Publishing Guidelines For Business Blogs to publish, the user has to be a registered Superpages.com user. The user will receive an email from Superpages.com asking them to click the link verifying that the blog can be published on Superpages.com. Blogs will be edited by Superpages.com staff. The Blogs must meet the Superpages.com Content Guidelines. Superpages.com reserves the right to remove any content that does not conform to policy. By submitting information, you are granting Superpages.com permission to publish the information you provided. Most submissions take at least 24 hours and may take up to a week to appear online. Abuse Policy Content that is not acceptable can be reported through our Report Abuse link. Superpages.com staff will review all reports and remove those that violate policy. The following may be considered abusive and lead to the removal of content: Profane, obscene, abusive, offensive, objectionable, unintelligible language. Adult material, including graphic images, written images, URLs, or links. Negative comments about individual employees, including names. References to another company, whether by name, domain name, trademarks or service marks. Malicious intent  All fields required From Name: Email: To Phone:  Wireless Carrier: Select one Alltel Boost Mobile Centennial AT Dobson Cellular Metro PCS Midwest Wireless Nextel Sprint PCS SunCom T-Mobile U.S. Cellular Verizon Wireless Virgin Mobile USA Wireless carriers may charge the recipient a fee for delivering listings you send through the use of this service. Usage is subject to the terms of SuperPages.com's Web Site Use Agreement . You agree that you are not promoting a commercial message or attempting to use this service to sell any product or service. These email addresses will not be provided to third parties or used for marketing purposes. Privacy Policy Get Superpages on your mobile device. It's free! Just enter m.superpages.com in your mobile browser. Learn more > Technical Difficulties We can not send your message at this time We regret the inconvenience. Please try again later.  Follow Us Follow Pinterest Directory Add or Edit a Business Daily Deals Delivery Opt-Out Maps & Directions Social Media SuperGuarantee State Directory White Pages Yellow Pages Features City Guides Every Car Listed Featured Businesses Popular Categories SuperTips Lottery Results Weather Forecasts Superpages Mobile About About Superpages Internet Advertising Careers Contact Us Feedback Patents Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use E-mail Exclusives Sign up to receive special offers and promotions from Superpages.com  Data provided by one or more of the following: SuperMedia , Acxiom, Infogroup | * Sponsored Results Copyright  2013 Dex Media, Inc. All rights reserved. * Restrictions apply. For full details, see the Terms and Conditions for this program. Feedback SuperPages.com My Superpages [ x ] You are not logged in. Your Location will be saved temporarily. Is this ok? No, I would like to log in. Yes, I would like to save temporarily. Please do not show me this message again. Your Locations Directory is full with 5 listings. To add another Location, you must first delete an existing one. By staying logged in, you can save your information permanently and you don't have to worry about logging in again. Are you sure you want to log out? No, please keep me logged in. I can remember my user name and password. Yes, please log me out. Your People Directory is full with 50 listings. To add another residential listing, you must first delete an existing one. Your Business Directory is full with 50 listings. To add another business listing, you must first delete an existing one. SiteCatalyst code version: H.9.Copyright 1997-2007 Omniture, Inc.More info available athttp://www.omniture.com  