 DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd" ( skip this header )  Register Sign In Facebook Twitter Breaking news alerts  Tuesday, August 27, 2013 seattlepi.com Web Search by YAHOO! Businesses Home Local U.S./World Business Sports Entertainment Life Comics Photos Blogs Forums Education Travel Real Estate Index  Close [X] Quick links to other pages on this site | Still can't find it? see Site Index Weather Politics Joel Connelly Neighborhoods Around the Sound Environment Obituaries Opinion Reader Blogs Reader Photos Weather Transportation Politics Joel Connelly Neighborhoods Environment Obituaries Forums U.S. Washington D.C. Asia Africa Middle East Europe Latin America/Carribean Canada Odd News Boeing/Aerospace Microsoft/Tech Business Wire Tech Wire Press Releases Seahawks/NFL Mariners/MLB Sounders/Soccer Storm/WNBA Huskies/Cougars More Sports Bleacher Report Pro32 Videos What's Happening Movies TV Music Restaurants Books Video Games Theater/Arts Celebrities Entertainment Wire Home  Garden Health Food  Dining Travel Advice Blog Critics Pets Fashion Kids Horoscopes Visitors Guide Puzzles Comics Kingdom Horoscopes Trivia Play Four Reader Photos Neighborhood Blogs City Brights Reader Blogs Jobs New homes Condos Land/Property Foreclosures Rentals Real Estate Blog Celebrities and Entertainment News Celebrity news, rumors and gossip  Ricky Martin: ‘I bullied gay people’ Tuesday, August 27, 2013 by: seattlepi.com staff Share this: Comments Email Print 0 (Photo by Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images) Ricky Martin admits he was homophobic as he struggled to deal with his own sexuality. The superstar came out in 2010 after years of speculation. He has since become an outspoken advocate of gay rights around the world, but has revealed he would aim abuse at homosexuals while he tried to secretly deal with his feelings. In an interview with Australian GQ, he says, “I was very angry, very rebellious. I used to look at gay men and think, ‘I’m not like that; I don’t want to be like that, that’s not me.’ I was ashamed. “When you’re told you’re wrong by everyone, from society, from your faith – my self-esteem was crushed. I took my anger out on those around me. “I look back now and realize I would bully people who I knew were gay. I had internalized homophobia. To realize that was confronting to me. I wanted to get away from that.” Categories: Uncategorized Demi Lovato confirmed for ‘Glee’ role Tuesday, August 27, 2013 by: seattlepi.com staff Share this: Comments Email Print 0 (Photo by Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic) Singer Demi Lovato is set to go gay for a cameo appearance on hit TV musical “Glee.” “The X Factor” judge will make a guest appearance on Ryan Murphy’s musical series, in which she will play a love interest for Naya Rivera’s lesbian character Santana Lopez. Leaking the news at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, Rivera told Gossip Cop, “She’s playing my (character Santana’s) love interest so I’m very, very excited about that. “We get to sing a song together. … I’m excited to work with her. We’re bringing her to the dark side. Categories: Uncategorized  Miley Cyrus’ former TV mom not impressed by racy VMA performance Tuesday, August 27, 2013 by: seattlepi.com staff Share this: Comments Email Print 0 (Photo by Angela Weiss/Getty Images) Miley Cyrus’ former TV mom Brooke Shields took aim at the pop star for her provocative performance at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday night, saying the grown-up “Hannah Montana” star looked “desperate” onstage. Shields played Miley’s mom on the hit Disney show and her daughters, ages 6 and 10, are big fans, but the actress wasn’t impressed with her ex-co-star’s saucy routine at the Barclays Center in New York. The 20-year-old stripped down to her rubber underwear and donned a giant foam hand to perform “Blurred Lines” with Robin Thicke, who seemed more than a little bemused as his stage partner danced provocatively in front of him and grinded her backside into his crotch, while making inappropriate gestures to the audience. Shields was a co-host on “Today” on Monday and admitted she didn’t like what she saw. She joked, “I don’t approve. What did I do wrong?” Shields then got serious, adding, “I just want to know who is advising her and why it’s necessary (to do that). My 6-year-old and my 10-year-old, they can’t watch that. “She can sing beautifully, and I feel like if she lets that lead, rather than let her bottom lead. … I feel it’s a bit desperate – you’re trying to be (Lady) Gaga … but it’s different … She’s trying so, so hard.” (Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic for MTV) But Shields gave her one-time TV daughter top marks for grabbing the headlines: “She went for it … and we’re all talking about her.” The actress wasn’t the only famous mom stunned by Miley’s moves: Thicke’s mother, singer Gloria Loring, was also confused by what the former child star was trying to achieve. She says, “I don’t understand what Miley Cyrus is trying to do. I think she’s misbegotten in this attempt of hers. And I think it was not beneficial. I didn’t get what her point was. It was so over the top as to almost be a parody of itself.” Categories: Uncategorized James Franco endures roasting from Hollywood pals Monday, August 26, 2013 by: seattlepi.com staff Share this: Comments Email Print 0 Comedy Central Roast of James Franco   Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23 Share this gallery: 1 of 23  Funnymen Seth Rogen, Jonah Hill and Bill Hader led the bawdy tributes to their pal James Franco as the actor was “roasted” in California on Sunday night. The star was the butt of all jokes at the Comedy Central Roast as his pals mocked his movie flops, his sexuality and his much-maligned co-hosting gig with Anne Hathaway at the 2011 Oscars. Rogen, who served as master of ceremonies, held nothing back as he picked on his “Pineapple Express” co-star, quipping, “He once told me he worked for 36 hours straight, which I didn’t believe. The straight part, of course.” According to TheWrap.com, the host also joked, “Look at me doing all the talking while you sit there doing nothing. I feel like I’m hosting the Oscars with you!” But Franco was given some respite at the TV taping in Culver City when the comedy stars let rip at one another. Poking fun at chubby actor Hill, Jeff Ross said, “When Jonah Hill’s agent told him Quentin Tarantino wanted him to be in a spaghetti western, Jonah said, ‘You had me at spaghetti.’” Hill got his own back when he took aim at stand-up star Sarah Silverman, telling her, “You were one of my favorite comedians as a kid. I don’t get why people say she’s hot for a comic. She’s not hot for a comic, she’s hot for her age.” Franco’s roast will air as a special on Comedy Central on Labor Day. Categories: Uncategorized Kristin Chenoweth stunned by talented fan at Hollywood gig Monday, August 26, 2013 by: seattlepi.com staff Share this: Comments Email Print 0 (Photo by Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic) Broadway star Kristin Chenoweth was left stunned during a show at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles on Saturday when a fan joined her onstage for a “Wicked” duet and became an instant star. The actress/singer asked Sarah Horn to join her for a rendition of “For Good,” which Chenoweth sang on Broadway as a member of “Wicked”‘s original cast, and was blown away by her talents. Horn, a California voice coach, belted out the duet and even harmonized with the star, leaving Chenoweth lost for words and beaming with glee. Declaring Horn’s performance “inspiring” as she left the stage to a standing ovation following her stint in the spotlight with her heroine, Chenoweth added, “That voice is teaching our young people.” Horn says her moment of glory was destined because she actually swapped seats with another concertgoer and then offered to take the place of Chenoweth’s first volunteer when she revealed she did not know the words to “For Good.” She tells LAist.com, “I lifted my microphone to my mouth, looked Kristin straight in the eye and sang the first of my lines. She leaned back and dropped her jaw. She knew I was a voice teacher but didn’t know if I did well in the execution or not. As far as she knew, I could have been tone deaf.” Categories: Uncategorized Page 1 of 3,429 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 20 30 ...  Last  About Celebrities and Entertainment News  Celebrity news, rumors and gossip featuring Lady GaGa, Lindsay Lohan, Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and other usual suspects, their drug rehabs, affairs and breakups Search for: Posts | Comments Log in Recent Posts Ricky Martin: ‘I bullied gay people’ Demi Lovato confirmed for ‘Glee’ role Miley Cyrus’ former TV mom not impressed by racy VMA performance James Franco endures roasting from Hollywood pals Kristin Chenoweth stunned by talented fan at Hollywood gig Categories Select Category Angelina Jolie Anna Nicole Smith Ashton Kutcher Ben Affleck Brad Pitt Britney Spears Bruce Willis Bryce Dallas Howard Cameron Diaz Charlie Sheen Chris Tucker Colin Farrell Courteney Cox Daniel Craig Demi Moore Denise Richards Eve Gwyneth Paltrow Jackie Chan Janet Jackson Jay-Z Jennifer Aniston Jennifer Garner Jessica Biel Jessica Simpson Justin Timberlake Kate Hudson Kate Moss Katie Couric Keith Richards Kevin Costner Kevin Federline Kid Rock Lindsay Lohan Mel Gibson Owen Wilson Pamela Anderson Paris Hilton Paul McCartney Pink Robert Downey Jr. Robin Williams Scarlett Johansson Shakira Sheryl Crow Steven Spielberg Tom Arnold Tom Cruise Uncategorized Zhang Ziyi Zooey Deschanel You May Also Like   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd" Reader Services: My account | Mobile | RSS feeds | Follow us on Twitter | Facebook | E-mail newsletters | Corrections Company Info: Advertise online | Contact us | Send us tips | Job openings | About the P-I | Hearst Corp. | Terms of use | Privacy policy | Your California Privacy Rights | About our ads Advertising Services: SEO by LocalEdge | PPC Management by Metrix4Media | Ad Choices Send comments to newmedia@seattlepi.com  2013 Hearst Communications Inc.  