 Invisible Home About Updates Goins, Writer On Writing, Ideas, and Making a Difference Invisible New Book Speaking Resources Media Tools Tips The Difference Between Art and Entertainment by Jeff Goins | 95 Comments | Twitter , Facebook , Google+ Art, they say, is in the eye of the beholder. Which is a nice way of saying its whatever you want it to be. But I dont believe that. Although I dont have an objective perspective on art (nobody does), I believe there is such a thing as good and bad creative work. Photo credit: Mark Heard (Creative Commons) But maybe thats asking too much — for us to label art good or bad. And thats fine, I guess. But what is not okay is calling something art when its not. When its something else. My friend Stephen Proctor pointed this out to me recently (quoting Mako Fujimura, I think). The difference between art and entertainment is a subtle, but important one: Entertainment gives you a predictable pleasure Art leads to transformation. If thats true, then Ive got a problem with a lot of what we call art. Because its not changing us. At best, its inebriating us to the pain of the world. Which is not the point. Art is supposed to transforms us — heres how: It surprises us. It wounds us. It changes us. Entertainment makes us feel good. It doesnt surprise us. It meets our expectations. And thats why we like it: it coddles us. But the problem with entertainment is it leaves us unchanged. And we desperately need to change. Art, on the other hand, transforms us. How does it do that? It beautifully wounds us — breaks our hearts, causes us to cry, and shows us our own inadequacies. Art forces us to make a choice. It does exactly what we dont expect. And thats how art changes us. So the question, dear artist, is this: Are you creating predictable work that doesnt surprise? That doesnt wound? That ultimately doesnt change anything ? What, then, are you creating? It may be propaganda. It may be advertising. It may even be entertainment. But its probably not art. What do you think? Share in the comments . *Photo credit: Mark Heard (Creative Commons) Social Buttons Generated by Digg Digg plugin v5.3.6, Author : Buffer, Inc Website : http://bufferapp.com/diggdigg  Get My Free Newsletter (Plus Other Goodies) Sign up for the newsletter, and get a free copy of The Writer's Manifesto . Join over 100,000 monthly readers today. Enter your email below:   Blog Updates   Weekly Newsletter  You Are a Writer Contest Update Announcing the You Are a Writer Contest Winner!  About the Author Jeff Goins I help people tell better stories and make a difference in the world. My family and I live outside of Nashville, TN. Follow me on Twitter , Facebook , or Google Plus . Check out my new book, The In-Between . http://worshipVJ.com/entertainment-vs-art/  stephen proctor I love your thoughts on this. It definitely takes what Ive learned so far to a deeper level.  Another quote I heard recently via Glenn Packiam (i forget who he was quoting) said this: Art that is all pain is brutality. Art that is all joy is sentimentality. But art that is both pain  joy is BEAUTY. hmmm. Ive been in Hong Kong this past week with Michael Gungor, and hes been working on his new book which address a lot of this. The conversations have been priceless. And it will definitely add to this conversationb/c as many of us (especially in the Church) start to re-approach the arts, we need to a good understanding of what it is were dealing with. Because I agree, we throw the word art around way to flippantly, just like we do other words (like worship.) We are so careless with our words these days. And its muddying up our cultures language and creating unnecessary baggage. Good stuff, Jeff. Lets go have coffee when I get back from HK and dive in more. http://bobholmes.blogspot.com/  Bob Holmes  Thanks Stephen for this holistic perspective. http://www.eileenknowles.com  Eileen Nice thoughts, Jeff.  My objective when I write (create art) is to hopefully inspire others to apply what Ive created to their own lives and situations.   The stories might be my own, but I think good art teaches and inspires.  I still dont have it all figured out but Im going to keep practicing.  http://www.zahndrew.com/  Andrew Zahn Wounding the viewer/listener/reader. Its something I dont always do well. In performance, I lean toward comedy. I just want to make people feel good.  But as an artist, I want to go deeper than that. Transformation. Yes.  http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Sounds like youre on the right track, Andrew. http://www.williammize.com  willmize This is a predicament that I encountered when I decided to start writing genre fiction (mystery).  So much of what I read was two dimensional, cookie cutter stuff.  The body hits the floor, the detective gets to work, case solved, everyone happy. What I have tried to do with my series is to dig DEEPER. Better characters. A mystery in the truest sense of the word, as opposed to a body count. And thats made all the difference.  My sales arent where I would want them to be, but Im putting out quality work I can be proud of, and those fans who get it, GET IT. And thats priceless. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Dig deeper — I like that. http://www.youngaspiringwriter.blogspot.com/  Chihuahua Zero One of my goals for my current project is to provide the kind of story that I hadnt seen for years. I want to provide something familiar yet different. A story with a radical streak, yet its the story people will cling to for years to come. Those are vague terms, but thats the gist of my goal. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Awesome. http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=512878894  Ameena Falchetto Having studied both fine art and history of modern art I feel that good art is something that should create a strong reaction  I am not sure about transformation but your description makes sense. But art can be entertaining and vice versa.  Images speak a thousand words and can widely understood across borders which is where its power lies  going to think more about the idea of transformation  food for thought!  http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Interesting, Ameena. Thanks for sharing. http://colebradburn.com/  Cole Bradburn I have to say, the wounding is hard for me.  But I do believe that wounding compels more dramatic change, and creates a powerful memory.   Ive seen many instances where wounding can inspire greatness, which would be my intention.  But once art is shipped, control over it (and thus the response to it) is gone.   It may not inspire.  It may create despondency.  Am I okay with that? http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Despondency is hopelessness. You can wound while still giving hope. All great art does this, I believe. http://colebradburn.com/  Cole Bradburn I agree that you can, but individual perception of that art impacts the depth of wound.  Maybe creating hope in some, and despair in others? Im thinking through this out loud, thanks for the dialogue. Mike Zserdin Art on the other hand transforms us I like this notion. This post challenges me to create with convictionproduce something unique that moves people and moves people forward. Good thoughts. Mike http://www.jessicaakent.com/  Jessica A. Kent Yes!!  I totally agree.  Franz Kafka said similar: I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound and stab us. We need the books that affect us like a disaster, that grieve us deeply A book must be the axe for the frozen sea inside us. Bianca This was art. Thank you http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Thanks, Bianca! http://cherylbarker.blogspot.com/  Cheryl Barker Jeff, thanks for sharing your thoughts on what art is. Love the idea that it leads to transformation, that it either surprises,  wounds, or changes us. I like the word inspires, too  but I guess that could easily fit under the category of change, couldnt it? Great thoughts on this Monday morning. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Thanks, Cheryl! http://www.bluecollarworkman.com/  TB at BlueCollarWorkman Honestly Id never considered this question. Art vs. entertainment. I think based on that definition, they dont have to be mutually exclusive, but they certainly are different. http://twitter.com/MLSchwienD  Michele Schwien We create to symbolize our life.  Creating is a way to give meaning to our experiences; it is a way to cope in an unpredictable world.  Creating in and of itself is not good or bad. It just is. What we value in terms of entertainment and/or art is a social construct, which means the perception will depend on the individual, or group, and the times in which the piece is being looked at. http://deuceology.wordpress.com  Larry Carter Great question.  I hope that what I am doing is transforming.  I think it does with with some and others not so much.  Just like anything else.  Some art moves me.  Some art leaves me flat. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Its a process to be sure, Larry. Glad youre in the game and not merely standing on the sidelines. http://www.fangmarks.com/  Matt Fangman This could be a 10,000 word post. Art vs. Craft vs. Entertainment. Its hard to quantify exactly. I would, however, add a fourth point to surprising, wounding and changing us. Art, I believe, often delights us. That could fit into surprise or change, but delight is such a subtle thing. Delight is uplifting. Delight can be seeing someone shine their true self through expression—and that can happen through entertainment. Then again, I like to see shit blow up, too. Thanks for sharing! http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Yep. Thats why I had to stop with 300. Dan Williams Excellent post. In college I had a film teacher bring up the ideas of high art vs low art. Essentially the very thing discussed here. His point is, even the crappy entertainment only movies have some message that it is expressing whether intentionally or not. We just have to look. For God created the world through the artistic vein and in so brought art to the world. As Matt points out, art is also beauty. The Venus or The David are not transformative but they are beauty. Movies such as The Lord of the Rings trilogy are beautiful pieces or art because of, in a movie making copacity, they were pains takingly created and the standard inwhich they were created is quite high. They are just beautiful and most would just consider them entertainment. Entertainment is important. Beauty is important. I think maybe the entertainment that you are refering to is the base vile and ammoral creations meant to be vile, An American Pie, or be offensive on purpose, i.e. a cross in a jar of urine. http://kellychadwick.org/  Kelly Chadwick Ive been thinking about this idea a lot lately, Jeff.  And I agree that the best kinds of art leave us changed.  But it seems like for a lot of us, we have to create a lot of really bad stuff to get to the really good stuff.  Id say theres value in it allits just learning what that value is.  Sometimes its to change ourselves and get our own personal breakthrough.  And other times its to leave the world changed by its presence. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Right, Kelly. Im less concerned about the quality of work and much more concerned about the intended outcome. Is it to pander or provoke? Im more interested in the latter. Thats where change happens, usually. http://www.facebook.com/monique.alvarez  Monique Alvarez I prefer not to label anything as good or bad because Im doing so from the only perspective I can have  my own.  Instead, when I sit down to write or draw or cook, it is my earnest desire to create from my heart.  All that matters to me is that I am changed by the experience.  http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Sounds like youre creating art, Monique. http://flailingthroughlifeandlove.blogspot.com/  Hillary I think this is very true, though, your list of what art does is rather limited. In the end, though, you are totally on par with art verse entertainment. Entertainment is like eating sweets. You could have done without it after eating it. Art, on the other hand, is like the main course of a healthy meal. It builds us up. Sure, sometimes its like eating those green beans you hate, but its good for you. Art is something that sets us apart from animals. Its an expression of the more to life that we experience or attempt to find daily. I think its a necessary expression of our humanity. Without, we lose contact with a part of ourselves that desperately needs to be understood. Entertainment, so often tries to take its place, and I think often times we suffer for it.  Thought provoking post. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Thanks, Hillary. My hope, as always, is that I stoke the fire and you guys fan it into flame. Well done. http://angelaamman.com/  Angela Amman Ill be thinking about this all day, which I like I think there is still some level of subjectivity involved, but I agree that theres a lot of entertainment out there dressed up as art.  I dont have a problem with that, as a whole, because I dont mind some of my work to be entertainment.  Yet, the more I write, the more I wish to reach people in a more meaningful way. What if the process changing the artist, but not those the art reaches?  Where the artist feels genuinely transformed in some way, but there is a disconnect and others see it only as entertainment? http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Awesome. I like that, too. History is full of misunderstood artists. Sometimes, its not the audience (at least not the contemporary one) for whom you are creating. http://www.nginaotiende.blogspot.com/  Ngina Otiende Is if possible to create artistic entertainment? Something that makes us feel good AND tranforms ? Just thinking http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Yep. Its not the feel-good part that makes it entertainment. Its the predictable part. http://www.nginaotiende.blogspot.com/  Ngina Otiende I agree. http://twitter.com/sparkvoice  D I havent really thought about art and entertainment this way before.  I generally think about concepts and ideas as they relate to a need, how to solve a need, and how to motivate people to see the need and take action. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Which I think is a noble endeavor, but maybe incomplete. http://twitter.com/sparkvoice  D This is true.  All that is mentioned is me thinking  not acting. What might make it more complete?  http://talesofwork.com/  kimanzi constable Great post Jeff, You create great art on this blog everyday http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Thanks, friend. Im trying. http://smallbirdstudios.com/  Franchesca LOVED this. Makes me think about the pieces I studied in art history courses in college. They wounded, changed me. Impacted me forever. Thanks for the thought provoking article. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Youre welcome! Nancy So, if entertainment uplifts, invigorates and inspires, is it then art? Must art only break open our hearts, of can it simply make us smile, remember and feel a little more of who we really are than we did before? Perhaps it doesnt change anything beyond that moment. Does that make it less-than art? And do these kinds of arguments ever really serve anyone? Or do they only serve to keep us from our creative work? http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Hmmm, good point, Nancy. I agree that art can be uplifting, but it needs to do more than simply please. I think at the core of creative work there needs to be surprise. Call it wonder, awe, whatever — it must somehow astonish us, even if in a seemingly mundane way. http://sarahathanas.com/  Sarah Athanas Great post and excellent questions Jeff! I find myself constantly struggling between two identites: the artist who wants to transform and inspire, and the marketer who pays the bills.  Im hoping to someday find the balance, and perhaps succeed with marketing messages that also transform and inspire. The truth is, marketing and general entertainment reach a much wider audience, so if we want our art to transform the masses, we need to find a way to strike a balance. Or mask art with entertainment? Is it possible? http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins I struggle with this, too. Carol Morgan Wonderful article! I have a quote which I keep above my computer to remind why I write: If the book we are reading does not wake us, as with a fist hammering on our skulls, then why do we read it? Good God, we also would be happy if we had no books and such books that make us happy we could, if need be, write ourselves. What we must have are those books that come on us like ill fortune, like the death of one we love better than ourselves, like suicide. A book must be an ice axe to break the sea frozen inside us. Franz Kafka http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Nice. Pulling out some Kafka, eh? Classy. TylerHess what about art for the already wounded that need to be healed? http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Great point, Tyler. In my opinion, all healing is painful. Like surgery. Like childbirth. Like cauterizing a wound. In order to be healed, we must be hurt, but its a good kind of hurt — not one that mutilates or debilitates. We are broken, and the uncomfortable work of putting us back together is the function of all good art. Stephen Proctor Heres something else that was said at Mako Fujimuras Intl Arts Movement event (where I heard this explanation of art  entertainment) We need the arts to awaken us to the Realities of the Kingdom of God. To awaken the fullness of our human potential and to help us realize that. I think it was Erwin McManus who said this. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Love McManus. Evergreen Eden When I put forth my art, I am seeking to help my audience feel. Thats it, feel. Whether they feel joy, or pain, or like they cant imagine what the heck I was thinking when I wrote that In a world full of mind-numbing entertainment, if I can make you feel something, then I have created something worth reading. Unless, of course, all I made you feel was nausea. But hopefully that doesnt happen. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Love that, Eden. http://twitter.com/onlyhadyn  Hadyn Thomas An interesting theory, Jeff, and not one I have ever considered before. You have surprised meand made me think, so does this mean that this article is art? http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins I can only hope. http://unknownjim.com/  Jim Woods Jeff, can you give an example of what you consider to be truly transforming art?  http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins  The David. http://www.distillingwords.com/  Chris Lovie-Tyler Thanks, Jeff. I think you (and Mako) have given words to something I couldnt put my finger on.  I always thought arts purpose was to carry a message of some sort, that it should speak to us in some way (as opposed to being purely aesthetic), but transformational is an even better way of describing it. So, yes, Im aiming for something transformational. http://charitysplace.wordpress.com/  Charity But what if you are non-emotional personality type? Art may NEVER impact you in the same way it might someone else. Ive seen famous paintings in person and found them beautiful but in no way did they surprise, wound, or change me. In fact, I can list the things that have done any of that on one hand  but that doesnt mean that art isnt good, even if it is not just entertainment. Few books I have ever read changed me, and the only book series that has ever surprised me was Harry Potter. But that doesnt mean that many of the other books Ive read havent been good in their own way. I think its important to strive to challenge and surprise your reader, but know that few things in this world are ever going to be as transforming as all that. dougricesmbiz I think the difference between art and entertainment lies in the intention of the creator. Its really for simple: you create art for yourself and entertainment for other people. And, of course, these arent always mutually exclusive. But, if there is a difference, I think this is it. Think about it, why is the starving artist starving? Its because he/she cares more about creating something that reflects his or her authentic self than about getting a customer. Conversely, you can really produce entertainment without someone else being entertained. The very word implies an object to which your work is directed. I think we tend to esteem the artist as something morally superior to the entertainer. The artist is pure and the entertainer is a sell-out. But I dont think thats necessarily true. The entertainer, it can be argued, is more selfless because they want to produce something that they can be relatively certain will appeal to others. The artist doesnt care whether you like the work or not. It isnt for you. Does this distinction make sense to anyone elseor am I way off base? http://touchingoninfinity.blogspot.com/  Annie I think I see what you are getting at here. Perhaps you are looking at the motives behind the work. If someone is just trying to make money with something has the person actually created art? But I dont know if you can always separate art and entertainment. I would call many artistic plays highly entertaining. There would be no chance for entertainment if you tried to take away the art. Nothing would be left. And there are comedic performances that cause me to laugh and enjoy myself but also walk away with a deeper understanding about something.  Another thought: I can walk into an art museum and see paintings on the walls that I wouldnt at all consider art or entertainment, but then everyone has an opinion about what art is. I guess thats good in a way because it creates variety.  Thanks for sparking the debate on the subject! http://bobholmes.blogspot.com/  Bob Holmes Good Article Jeff! I totally agree. Deconstruction art does exactly that, it deconstructs us. It tears us apart. It dissects us. Whether its our music, our writing or out art, it appeals to our lower self. Its like watching something implode. Fascinating, but not too helpful. You however, take the higher road, art that calls us up, to be bigger, and better people. Art that is transformational. http://ayearinthespirituallife.blogspot.com/  Dayna Renee Hackett Bickham Creativity is INSPIRED. It is like breath whispering in the imagination. If I am not feeling that breath, then I am not creating, I am just recycling. Thanks for the reminder Jeff! http://rebootingworship.com/  Jamie Kocur I totally agree. And I hate that I agree because it puts so much more pressure on me to create real art. Dangit.  http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins  dangit, indeed. http://twitter.com/mkhutchins  Megan Hutchins I still think this definition still makes art highly subjective.  One of the books that changed my life is Alcatraz vs. the Knights of Crystallia.  Its a hilarious MG book I doubt anyone would label Art.  But it made me laugh at a low point in my life when I hadnt laughed for months.  I was able to gather myself up and continue forward with optimism and an appreciation for everything I had in life.  It changed me and my worldview for the better.  Under the above definition, this book is art to me, and The Great Gatsby is neither entertainment or art, but merely a torture device of a high school English teacher. http://CRCarroll.com/  Charlie Great thought Jeff. Thanks for sharing! http://granbee.wordpress.com/  Rose Byrd A terriffic post that all parents should teach their children.  Entertainment is a feel good; art is a be good because of its tranforming power to make us good from the inside out.  Thank you so much for this important post. http://www.atlumschema.com  Andy Mort Really interesting post, and definitely something I occupy a huge amount of my time thinking about.  I wonder whether entertainment often can start out as art. Like, great films/TV etc might have this huge transforming power in their initial phase for example, when they first come out.  But then we get used to who we become after the transformation and continue to consume the art, thus turning into entertainment because it has lost its power to transform (the paradigm shift has already occurred).  What do you reckon?  Therefore this puts the defining power back into the hands of the audience.  It was originally art, but the impact that it has had has turned it into entertainment.  Does that happen? Lorna Faith Very thought-provokingthanks Jeff for making me really think about what Im creating when I write http://www.tnealtarver.wordpress.com  TNeal I think the line between art and entertainment isnt as clear as youve made it. All in the Family was a family sitcom that entertained and, to some extent, transformed the way people viewed other ethnic cultures. Art doesnt always surprise and does at times offer predictable pleasures. When I read a familiar passage of literature or view a familiar painting, I may expect a pleasurable return to that which is known. I think a better distinction is to note well-crafted, average, and shoddy. This can describe meal preparation (a world-class chef vs. fast food), furniture, fashion, automobiles, movies, sitcoms, literature, painting, sculpting, etc. Ive learned through my particular craft, writing, to respect those who are good at what they do in other areas. I certainly respect those who do their work well and their well-crafted work sometimes surprises, sometimes pleases, and sometimes causes me to be stretched with new thoughts and ideas (kind of like this blog today). http://blog.danielbeanfilms.com/  Daniel Bean Entertainment makes us feel good. It doesn’t surprise us. It meets our expectations. Perfect description of the mediocre garbage that constitutes a majority of the stuff the entertainment industry cranks out. Boring and predictable were the words the Wachowski brothers used to describe most movies. Im assuming that description would also apply to most of the over-hyped, trendy novels that are no more than carefully crafted marketing machines designed to turn a profit. I dont know because I never read them.  But once youve been turned on to real art, theres no turning back. You can never look at that mediocre stuff the same way. Stuff that is made sheerly for entertainment value doesnt entertain me anymore. Because Ive learned that its true what Aristotle said To learn gives the liveliest pleasure. If I dont learn something from it—if Im not moved or changed in some way, as you said, it doesnt entertain me. It actually annoys the hell out of me and I turn it off, I stop reading.  An important caveat is not to be mistaken into believing that genre is any factor in this. One can still create great art, while creating within a genre. As I wrote about on my blog ( http://blog.danielbeanfilms.com/2012/03/22/popular-fiction-as-high-art-17/ ), genre art, even incredibly popular genre art, can still be high art. Its whether it moves us, changes us, edifies us that distinguishes it as art.  Thanks for the article. It serves as a great reminder to us all who live in a society that is overwhelmed by inane and pointless media that serves as an opium of the masses.  http://profiles.google.com/jennabcw  Jenna Benton I guess Ive never really thought of myself as an artist before. But I know one thing  I dont like the thought of being an entertainer!  This post might haunt me the next time I sit down to write.  jt Heaven forbid you accidentally entertain someone http://www.chaplainmike.com/  Mike Hansen I am a hospital chaplain. And when you say art wounds and transforms us, I thought about the art of pastoral care. Working with the wounded and suffering. Those who need healing. A big part of my calling is my response to the suffering I see in my little part of the world. Of course pastoral care is not entertainment. Neither is it me trying to craft someone. The essence of an encounter is the intersection to two stories, both from a wounded perspective and both offering transformation if allowed to happen. Right there is how I blend my calling to be a chaplain amid suffering to in the real sense an art. I let my woundedness minister because in my own healing there is a story to tell. I will write more on that because you stimulated my thought process to give a different perspective on the difference between art (allowing two stories to blend) and merely trying to fix someone (when most of us just want to be listened to). Thanks! http://about.me/keithjennings  Keith Jennings Good thoughts, Jeff! Ive been studying the nature of art and artists for the past few years. Particularly in the literary realm. Heres where Im at today on this Art acknowledges the grave. Entertainment evades it. Deborah Bohlmann Bullseye. http://www.christopherneiger.com/  Chris Neiger I think you hit the nail on the head Jeff. Our lives are inundated with entertainment. It pacifies us instead of changing us. Obviously, some entertainment is beneficial but too much hinders us from really engaging.  Art forces us to share something. It takes a little bit of who we are and it exposes it to everyone else. Entertainment allows us to hide. It asks nothing from us. Justin This idea of transformation also shows up in Goodalls Writing the New Ethnography—which I was just reading this afternoon (in France). I love how God sends these kinds of things my way multiple times. His voice, to me, seems to be about connection and repetition. Anyways, thanks for being part of the communication chain between me and the Master of the Universe!!!!! http://twitter.com/davidhoos  David Hoos Isnt it all transforming, its just a matter of which direction its transforming you? Might you be able to say, that poor art transforms you in a negative way and good art transforms you in a positive way? http://www.candletothesun.com/  Pamela Richards As used here, the term art, is an accolade; an award given to a creative work that surpasses the mundane.  Anything in that category is exceptional; it touches hearts; it excceds the human lifespan; it impacts culture; it ripples out to the artists of future generations, urging them to respond with a new work of their own.  Art is alive.   I tend to agree that there is no poor art: only advertisement, entertainment, or promotion, well or poorly done.    And each might be good or bad at what theyre doingmaking money.  Art, on the other hand, is in the business of making us more than money-making machines.  It makes us human beings.  We have no need to judge art poor or good. We know its art if it faces us with a mirror and requires us to judge ourselves. http://www.candletothesun.com/  Pamela Richards . . .Yet sometimes, when we feel a songs truth, our spirits begin to settle the new world where the song has carried us. Then a song becomes more than entertainment: it is art. Art freely given has life; the creative gift obligates us to pass along what we have been given. Art begets art. . .  Rich Mullins was a friend of mine who taught me a lot about art.  Hed play a new song for me and then whip around on the piano bench to see if I was crying or not.  If I wasnt, hed keep re-writing till I did.  He didnt settle for simply moving peoples emotions:  he intended, actually, to shift their attitudes.  I think thats the transformation you mentioned.  His songs had a lot in common with those of a shepherd boy who once became a king.    He also taught me you can tell if a creative work is alive because if it is, it provokes others to create art.  There are people who have built entire careeers on identifying the creative debt one artist owes to another.  Ive heard theyre called academics.  Something like that. http://twitter.com/natashayounge  Natasha Younge So, according to your description (transformation), one might say that ones life and art are really meant to be the same thing.  We are all living works of art.  I like that. http://goinswriter.com/  Jeff Goins Love that. http://twitter.com/Monsunami  Danny Park Great article.  It was very though provoking and inspiring.  Actually your post would be considered art ^_^.  Although I mostly agree, I do still believe that you cant neglect that art is really in the eye of the beholder.  There are many types of art that appeal to people differently since we are all different.  One art piece could be viewed as earth-shattering by one and dull to another.  It is kinda like beauty isnt it?  Still, I do agree that artists should push themselves when creating art.  However, not trying to be revolutionary to everyone (you cant transform/please everybody), but by making it meaningful and extent of ourselves in hopes that it could transform/help someone. http://www.facebook.com/kshitij.gondhalekar  Kshitij Gondhalekar Hey Jeff, does the fact that Im trying to change myself in the process of understanding what makes a difference make it art? What if what is surprising to me seems entertaining to othersis it low-level art or not art at all? Cheers  Mesmer7 Hypnotic Dreams This definition creates a problem for me and other people working in hypemperia, ie., the art of creating a sensory experience from hypnotic suggestion. Youre probably unaware of this art. Most people have no idea it exists. But I and a few dozen others develop hypnotic recordings that enable the listener to experience their sexual fantasies. A few of us are true artists, exploring and expanding potential for the art. While most are hacks, mass producing recordings with no artistic value at all. The problem is that because many of the listeners want to be changed by hypnotic suggestions, they may in fact be changed by even the most mediocre recordings. So by your definition, even the most unoriginal script could be considered art. But if someone accepts your criteria and rejects that conclusion, then they might reject the possibility that any hypnotic recording could be considered art. But I assure you, it is possible to create true art from hypnotic suggestion. Ive done it. So I would appreciate a definition of art that accepts this, and at the same time distinguishes what I do from the hacks and opportunists who mass produce mediocre quality. Daniel http://www.hypnoticdreams.com http://www.baronofcleveland.com/  Baron of Cleveland Heres something to think about: Entertainment INCITES emotions. Art EXPRESSES emotion. The two acts are radically different and very misunderstood, especially by units in our subjective contemporary culture. Art must also be conceived of as a work of art, either purposefully or ignorantly, by the artist for a work of art to be created. Art does not often happen accidentally. It is a very different act for someone to say I want to write a really nasty story about a serial killer that will make the audience want to puke versus a writer who conceives a story that allows the reader to understand what its like to be an outsider in a world of conformity. In my long study of art, Ive come to understand that while a lot of people do not want art and entertainment to be separate categories, they generally are. While art can also be entertaining, arts primary purpose isnt to entertain, its to express a certain idea/emotion or set of ideas/emotions. Entertainment is there to entertain, and while youll once in a while get pseudo-profound ideas in entertainment, none of the work of entertainment is designed to express those ideas. The work of entertainment is here to entertain. Entertainment is a diversion from reality. Art is an interaction with reality. So, when a writer, musician, painter, poet, choreographer, etc conceives of a work of art to express a certain emotion/idea and creates the characters/plot/colors/structure/composition/etc that transfers the point (the certain emotion/idea) to the audience, you get a work of art. How well the artists selection of character/plot/color/structure/composition convey the point determines how good the work of art ends up being. As for the audience, not much can be said about them. They might understand the language of the art (ie figurative painting) or they might be confronted with a language they do not know, understand, or care to learn (ie cubism). http://www.darklion.com/  The Professor This is a superb post.  There is definitely a necessary distinction between art and entertainment. Mark Blasini jt You make entertainment sound like a bad thing. The thing is its NOT. At all. Sometimes we NEED to take a break. Sometimes we NEED to laugh. Sometimes we NEED to be entertained. And sometimes we want to do it without having to be transformed. Entertainment is necessary. Sure, we may forget about it the minute after were done reading/watching it, but at least it was an enjoyable experience. It just irks me when I see articles like this that basically say its bad to have fun. But what is not okay is calling something “art” when it’s not. When it’s something else. What else? Entertainment IS art, in a way. Case in point: http://youtu.be/K8HjVHwIUwg jbsz Entertainment can certainly surprise, wound and change us. Thats all part of being entertained. This need to separate art from entertainment is pointless, let alone impossible. And to say that we need to change is pure opinionnot one I disagree with, but an opinion nonetheless and, therefore, irrelevant to this issue, seeing as we can only use objectivity to settle this matter. The only difference between art and entertainment is the observers perspective. The piece in and of itself is neither art nor entertainment. It simply IS. The art/entertainment happens within the beholder. Thats the beauty of it. Even the artists intentions are irrelevant in the attempt to distinguish between art and entertainment as they are known only to the artist him/herself. Therefore, an objective distinction cannot be made. I dont know about you, but when Rachel got off the plane to stay with Ross I cried like a baby. I also cry like a baby every time I see Juliet cradle Romeos body and take her own life. People have to learn to appreciate things for WHAT THEY ARE. Friends is not trying to be Shakespeare. Its trying to be Friends. Both Romeo and Juliet and Friends can be engaging. Both can make us laugh, cry, and even take a harder look at ourselves. Anything can contain societal relevance, even if none was intended. Its all a matter of the viewers perspective. Go to see any show on Broadway, be it Mamma Mia or A Streetcar Named Desire. You will not find a leaflet in either playbill classifying either piece as art or entertainment. No announcement will be made prior to the show. Why? Because there is no standard by which to measure what qualifies as art and what qualifies as entertainment. If there was a standard, then there wouldnt be much relevant art post-Shakespeare because the man said just about everything there is for a human being to say more eloquently and thoroughly than anyone else could possibly say it. Dramatic artists are particularly guilty of attempting to divide art from entertainment. It has been said that good drama pits two truths against each other in an effort to raise questions, and therefore social awareness in regards to a particular issue. It is said to illuminate the human condition. First of all, while that may create great drama, there is no such thing as truth as it relates to a societal point of view. Thats why they are viewpoints and not facts. Writers are just people. It is pretentious to claim that these people are the holders of great societal truths which we, the public, need to be taught. It implies a (nonexistent) separation between writer and the public. It also implies a general ignorance among the public, which I resent. The fact that someone has had their words published in a book doesnt make those words true. Secondly, this phrase: to illuminate the human condition is a senseless, meaningless cliche perpetuated by so called artists with inflated senses of self importance to convince themselves and others that they are providing a noble service to society. We are all human and therefore do not need to be made aware of something which we are all, by nature, already privy to. I dont need to see a play to know that people lie, cheat, steal, rape, murder, love, hate, etc. I dont need a movie to reiterate that people have both good and evil within them. I dont need to be made aware of the consequences of our actions through a piece of crafted by an author with an agenda. I dont even need art to imagine another persons point of view. We know these things through our own observations. In fact, the human condition is all we know. It would be one thing if art could illuminate, say, the squirrel condition seeing as we have no subjective understanding of what it is to be a squirrel. But alas, even if another creature HAD the means to adequately express and communicate their experience, it would not bring us any closer to a subjective understanding as we are human and can only experience the human condition. Whether the artist intended us to see something human in their work or not, we WILL and we MUST because we only have our perspectives and experiences to compare it to. Therefore, it is senseless and irrelevant to state that art illuminates the human condition because the illumination of the human condition, intentional or otherwise, is present to some degree in anything and everything humans participate in. Even if you take a less literal approach and say that it illuminates different parts of the human condition to people who may not be aware, I will say to you that it is useless because, firstly if you can experience something I cannot, then youre not illuminating anything by attempting to make me aware of it. Secondly, an audiences preexisting knowledge of the human condition is REQUIRED in order to be engage that audience. Yes, I may not know what it is like to, say go to prison for 19 years for stealing a loaf of bread, but the particular circumstances of the piece (Les Miserables, in this particular case) are irrelevant. It is the emotional experience of the character that I am meant to relate to. If the circumstances were the primary means of engaging an audience, Les Miserables would not be the wildly acclaimed piece of literature it is, because even at the time of its publication, hardly anyone would be able to directly relate it. Clearly, this is not the case. I do not relate to Jean Valjean because I know what its like to be sent to prison by a harsh legal system or even what it is like to struggle financially. I relate to him because I can appreciate and subjectively understand the FEELINGS of desperation, rage, and heartache he experiences as a RESULT of the circumstances. Art engages an audience. Entertainment engaged an audience. That is their primary function. Euclid stated that two things which are equal to the same thing are equal to each other. Therefore, I submit to you that art and entertainment are the same thing. We simply use two different words to describe it. To try to make a distinction between art and entertainment is to deprive the individual of their subjective experience. We all have different preferences. Personally, I find Hamlet and Spider-Man equally engagingthat does not make me unenlightened, unintelligent, or uncultured. It means that I am willing to accept and enjoy things for what they are and for what I see in them. Now available everywhere! Get Free Updates Sign up for my newsletter and get two free eBooks, The Writer's Manifesto and Wrecked for the Ordinary . Join over 100,000 monthly readers by entering your email:   Blog Updates   Weekly Newsletter Get Social Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Join Me on Facebook Popular Posts Stop Waiting to Be Picked  140 Your Clutter Is Killing Your Creativity (And What to Do About It)  174 Every Writers Dream: Never Pitch Your Writing Again  105 Why You Should Tell the Ugly Parts of Your Story  188 The Secret to Effortless Writing  178 The World Needs More Artists  104 The Difference Between Good Writers and Bad Writers  148 Why Your Work Never Feels Good Enough  144 Book Ideas for Young Writers  124 3 Reasons to Travel While Youre Young  1,197 The One Fear That Will Destroy Your Art  119 The Writers Manifesto: Stop Writing to Be Read  Adored  306 Five Weak Words that Make Your Writing Less Effective  313 How to Influence People: The Most Overlooked Secret  239 10 Steps to Finding Your Writing Voice  125 Looking for Something? Dont Miss a Thing! Want to stay in the loop? Join the newsletter (no charge) to get free stuff and exclusive content. About Me Hi, I'm Jeff, and I'm a writer. I'm here to help you live a more creative, generous life. This blog is where I share my best ideas and biggest frustrations. Find out more here... Copyright 2013 Goins, Writer  