 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Car Maintenance General Car Maintenance Names of Car Body Parts Names of Car Body Parts By Anaid Heyd , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Understand the parts that make your car work. Knowing every car component can seem like an overwhelming task but is actually easier than many people think. Major car parts can be easier to remember once a person understands how they work. It is important to know car parts so you can explain mechanical problems to experts better -- and know when you are dealing with a scam artist. Other People Are Reading How to Hang a Car Door How to Identify Exterior Body Parts Muffler The muffler is the most visible part of a car's exhaust system, usually displayed as a metal pipe protruding from the bottom back part of the car. Its main function is to reduce the noise caused by the exhaust system's effort to control and release exhaust gases produced by the car engine. Battery The car battery is perhaps the most recognized part of a car. Its main function is to supply an engine with the electrical power it needs to start the ignition. Car batteries are usually rechargeable and set at 12 volts. Timing Belt The timing belt is a rubber belt that drives an engine's internal components. It is visible on some cars, while hidden in others. Proper maintenance should be practiced with a timing belt as a broken belt can incur expensive repair costs. The belt should be replaced every 60,000 miles along with the water pump. Should the belt break, the engine will incur damage, immediately shut down and leave the driver stranded. Alternator The alternator keeps the engine running after the battery has done its initial job of starting the ignition. Its voltage output is usually 13 to 14 volts, so it recharges the battery's 12 voltage capacity. The alternator keeps all electrical components running while the car is on. Carburetor Carburetors are no longer used in newer vehicles, but they are still an important component in older cars. Carburetors mix air and fuel at the appropriate levels to burn for combustion. The combustion functions as a type of energy-producing mechanism that causes the car to run. Radiator The radiator helps regulate the temperature of a car to prevent overheating or engine seizure. Car engines can reach high amounts of heat with so many combustion fuels running. A radiator removes the heat from the engine system by passing liquid coolant through it. This liquid absorbs the heat and dissipates it out of the engine.  Related Searches References Car Insurance: Components of a Car's Exhaust System Ocean Avenue Service Station: Your Basic Car parts Family Car Auto Parts: Timing Belt Photo Credit brake calipers image by Tom Oliveira from Fotolia.com More Like This How to Hang a Car Door How to Identify Exterior Body Parts The Basic Parts of a Car Comments You May Also Like How to Identify Exterior Body Parts Names of Car Body Parts; The Different Parts of a Car; How to Identify Toyota Body Parts; Comments You May Also Like.... How to Shape Body for Car Restoration How to Shape Body for Car Restoration. ... Sure form is the brand name for this tool. If want to sound cool... How to Name the Parts of the Engine Learn the names of engine parts, from the drive shaft to the transmission to the carburetor; our expert explains in detail in... How to Learn Body Parts in English How to Learn Body Parts in English. The human body is a miraculous structure, ... Knowing the names of body parts in... Parts of a Car Tire There are several parts of a tire. A basic knowledge and understanding of these parts will help eliminate needless searching for the... The Different Parts of a Car How to Make Fiberglass Reproduction Body Parts For A Car. When fixing up a car or adding custom modifications, you may find... How to Identify Car Parts Auto parts numbering systems are complex and ... How to Identify Exterior Body Parts; ... as they incorporate the brand name into... Parts of a Car Wheel Parts of a Car Wheel. ... (Photo: Jupiterimages/Photos.com/Getty Images) Tire. ... The rim of a cars wheel is the skeletal body of... Main Parts of a Car Engine Knowing and understanding what each part of your vehicle does is crucial in order to be able to understand what may be... Engine Parts Manual About Car Starters; How to Name the Parts of the Engine; Main Photo Credit. Dave_7: Flickr.com. ehow.com. About eHow; eHow Blog; How... How to Learn the Parts of a Car in Spanish Names of Car Body Parts. Names of Car Body Parts. Knowing every car component can seem like an overwhelming task but is... How to Learn About the Parts of a Car Names of Car Body Parts; Comments You May Also Like. How to Learn the Parts of a Car in Spanish. When traveling... How to Remove Name Badges From Automobiles How to Remove Name Badges From Automobiles. ... De-badging has been popular among the custom car crowd and auto body enthusiasts for... How to Look for Auto Body Parts Names of Car Body Parts. Names of Car Body Parts. Knowing every car component can seem like an overwhelming task but is... How to Identify Toyota Body Parts How to Identify Toyota Body Parts. ... the part will not come in a plastic bag with no names or information on... Car Parts  Definitions Wind tunnel testing is a large part of the design of a new car body. Wheels. A cars wheels are extremely important.... How to Find an Auto Part Number Type the name of the part manufacturer in the search box. ... Car parts, especially old car parts, can be difficult to... What Does OEM Car Parts Mean? Names of Car Body Parts. Names of Car Body Parts. Knowing every car component can seem like an overwhelming task but is... Parts of a Car Window Car windows are often taken for granted. In nice weather, the window is the first thing to adjust when going for a... Parts of a Car  Their Functions Parts of a Car  Their Functions. ... The name bulldozer comes from the name for 1800s field overseers who ... The...  Related Ads  Check It Out The How To Garage: DIY Car Help You May Like The Basic Parts of a Car How to Name the Parts of the Engine Car Parts & Definitions The Different Parts of a Car How to Learn About the Parts of a Car Parts of a Car & Their Functions How to Identify Car Parts About Auto Body Repair Technicians Featured Oil Testing: What is My Oil Telling Me? Watch Video Preparing Your Car For Winter Driving Watch Video 5 Ways to Improve Mileage Watch Video Others Also Viewed How to Name the Parts of the Engine Major Parts of a Starter How to Identify Exterior Body Parts Where to Find Old Car Body Parts How do I Explain How a Car Works to a 5-Year-Old? ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 