 Jalopnik P Jalopnik I C Opposite Lock C Detroit C Ride Apart C Drive Kinja Deadspin Gawker Gizmodo io9 Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker S Advanced Include Unpublished Include Replies Include only posts that have... Images Video Marked as Spam  Drive free or die. Reviews · The Morning Shift · AOTD Oppo · Detroit · Drive · Rideapart Top stories What Happens When A Turbo Toyota GT86 Races A McLaren 12C? The 2014 Toyota Corolla Is 2003s Best New Car Youll Never Look At Airplanes The Same After This Film Boners, F-Bombs, And GoDaddy: Inside NASCARs 18,359 FCC Complaints Here Are Emails We Received After Our Viper Club Article Delaware DMV Tweets That They Will Not Suck Dicks The Ten Greatest Infrastructure Failures In Modern History What Dream Car Have You Never Seen In Person? Holy Crap Its A Flaming Joyride In A Jaguar XJ220 Countach Vs. Testarossa Showdown Patrick George 6/26/13 4:17pm 6/26/13 4:17pm Edit 6,204 g 1 1 29 L K The Morgan Aero Coupe Is Pure Automotive Theater If I could describe the Morgan Aero Coupe in one word, it would be drama. It's huge, it's bold, it's powerful, it's involving to drive, and it's as far from dull and boring as a car can possibly get. Our pals at XCAR take Morgan's latest piece of art on wheels on a night drive through London, and boy, is it something to behold. This has to be one of the most special cars on earth. So what if it's got a rough interior, and it can't match the performance of a Porsche or an Aston Martin? That's not what Morgan is about. I'll let Alex Goy sum it up best: It's taken inspiration from the time when an automocar was something that announced its owner's arrival, rather than an anonymous box designed to ferry disinterested commuters to jobs they despise. I couldn't have said it better myself. 1 j Facebook i Twitter k Tumblr L Discuss discussions displayed because an author is participating or following a participant. additional replies awaiting review. K Show all discussions additional replies submitted and awaiting review Submitted discussions can be approved by the author or users followed by this blog. More from jalopnik More stories 4 About Help Terms of Use Privacy Advertising Permissions Content Guidelines RSS Jobs  Gawker Media 2013 