 Local Cleveland Search Cleveland Things to Do Neighborhoods Visitor's Guide Filed In: Arts and Culture Cleveland Books, Writers, Poets, and Literature The Greater Cleveland area has been and is home to a variety of novelists, writers, and poets -- from Lorain native and Pulitzer Prize winner, Toni Morrison to 50s "Beat" poet d a levy. Learn more about their lives and work. Ken Gradomski -- Profile of Ken Gradomski Ken Gradomski is a Northeast Ohio-based graphic artist and photographer as well as part-time contributor to About.com Cleveland. One on One with Les Roberts Les Roberts is the author of more than 20 novels as well as a non-fiction memoir about Cleveland. I had the chance to talk with him about his latest book, "The King of the Holly Hop." Don of the Dead by Casey Daniels Playful, crisp, and enjoyable, this first novel, featuring Pepper Martin -- a cemetery guide who sees "dead people" is a fun cozy mystery. Books by Northeast Ohio Writers Northeast Ohio has a rich history of writing excellence. Explore these books by area authors, from Pulitzer Prize-winning Toni Morrison to hometown mystery writer, Les Roberts. Louis Bromfield Books Louis Bromfield, a native of Mansfield, was a best-selling novelist in the 1930s and 1940s. In addition, he was a decorated World War I hero, a friend to Hollywood's most famous stars including Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall who got married at his Mansfield Farm, and an early champion of organic and self-sustaining farming. He won the... Sherwood Anderson Books Sherwood Anderson, born in Clyde Ohio, chronicled small town American life, particularly in Ohio. He lived in Cleveland and Elyria during his long life, married four times, wrote nine novels and collections of stories, and hobnobbed with Hemmingway, Faulkner, and F. Scott Fitzgerald. His stories are have depth, yet retain a certain Midwestern... d a levy Books d a levy was Cleveland's contribution to the "Beat Generation". A poet, artist, and publisher, he was denounced as a drug cultist by the "Plain Dealer" and prosecuted (unsuccessfully) on obscenity charges. He ended his life just after his 26th birthday in 1963, but his poetry endures. John Bellamy - Cleveland True Crime Tales John Stark Bellamy, has been called the "Edgar Allen Poe" of Cleveland. His books relate real crime tales taken from periods throughout Cleveland's history. They feature such prominent Clevelanders as Eliot Ness and such infamous murderer cases as the "Torso Murders." Toni Morrison Books Toni Morrison was born and raised in Lorain Ohio. She went on to seven moving novels, about growing up and living black in America. Her themes, however, are universal -- ones to which all Americas can relate. Many of her books are set in Ohio. Ms. Morrison has received the Pulitzer Prize as well as the Nobel Prize for literature. She... Toni Morrison Toni Morrison, born in Lorain Ohio, has become one of the leading voices of contemporary black Americans, and indeed all Americans. She has been award the Nobel Prize in literature as well as the Pulitzer Prize for fiction. Les Roberts Novels Les Roberts is a Cleveland Heights-based writer, best known for his thirteen detective novels, featuring protagonist, Milan Jacovich. The novels are particularly fun for Clevelanders because of the liberal sprinkling of references to Cleveland and the surrounding area. Les Roberts Les Roberts is the author of 22 novels, including 13 mystery novels, featuring Cleveland detective, Milan Jacovich. The Jacovich novels, which include "Deep Shaker", "Lake Effect", and "Full Cleveland", are particularly interesting to Cleveland residents, because they feature cameos by locals celebrities as well as many of the city's landmarks. Free Cleveland Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Cleveland Must Reads August Events Top Cleveland Attractions FREE Things to Do in Cleveland Things to Do with Kids in Cleveland Lake Erie Beaches Most Popular Discounts on Cedar Point Tickets Cleveland and Northeast Ohio Beaches Best Things to Do with Kids in Cleveland Cleveland Labor Day Events Free Things to Do in Cleveland Free Cleveland Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Attractions and Events Arts and Culture Neighborhoods Sports, Parks, Recreation Just for Families Living in Cleveland Lake, Geauga, Ashtabula Lesbian and Gay Cleveland Akron and Summit County Education and History People and Pets Visiting Cleveland Just Outside of Town Restaurants and Nightspots Shops and Services Cleveland About.com Local Cleveland Arts and Culture Books and Literature Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices 2013 About.com. All rights reserved. 