 College Media Network Top College News  The Triangle  Blogs Classifieds Login Weather Datebook Archives Home > Arts & Entertainment 'Porno' exceeds expectations with clever humor Tyler Pietz Issue date: 10/31/08 Section: Arts & Entertainment Print Email Page 1 of 1 Media Credit: Darren Michaels TWC "Zack and Miri Make a Porno" marks Kevin Smith's second attempt at a film that doesn't serve as an extension to his "Jay and Silent Bob" franchise. Although he hasn't completely deprived himself of his usual players-Jason "Jay" Mewes and Jeff Anderson of "Clerks" fame are both cast in supporting roles-"Zack and Miri" is the first film of Smith's to successfully stand on its own since "Chasing Amy," a movie to which it bares a remarkable resemblance. Zack (Seth Rogen) and Miri (Elizabeth Banks), platonic friends since grade-school, are marginally employed 20-something-year-old roommates. The two decide to attend their high school reunion, where Miri unsuccessfully attempts to proposition her unrequited crush, Bobby Long (Brandon Routh). She and Zack are stunned to find out that Bobby is not only gay, but dating an adult film actor (a hilarious Justin Long) who stars primarily in movies with "all-male casts." They return home to find their water shut off and their electricity cut, on top of already being behind on rent. Faced not only with the realization that they haven't accomplished nearly as much as their classmates, but also with an increasingly dire financial situation, Zack schemes to create a homemade porno (starring Miri and himself) and market it via the school's reunion email list. What starts out as a pipe dream quickly turns into an ambitious venture after Zack recruits an (almost) full crew and cast, consisting of "director of photography" Deacon (Anderson), "producer" and coffee shop co-worker Delaney (frequent Rogen collaborator Craig Robinson), and additional stars Bubbles (real-life porn star Traci Lords), Lester (Mewes), Stacey (Katie Morgan) and Barry (Ricky Mabe). While the initial plan to shoot the film around a Star Wars theme, "Star Whores," is thwarted due the unforeseen demolition of their "sound stage," the group quickly resolves to center the movie on Zack and Delaney's workplace and film it using the store's security camera. Despite Zack's frequent dismissals of the possibility of a romance between Miri and himself, each of them become increasingly drawn to each other. When it comes time to shoot their segment of the porno, they are forced to deal with their suppressed feelings for each other in what leads to a "Scorsese-like" scene that is more "making love" than it is "banging." While it may be partially due to Rogen's presence, "Zack and Miri" seems to borrow a page or two out of the Judd Apatow playbook while still remaining unabashedly "Kevin Smith." Smith successfully demonstrates his penchant for taking an almost sappy love story and lacing it with enough clever dialogue and crude humor to make it enjoyable. "Zack and Miri" marks a return to form for the director who has struggled to evolve beyond the franchise that made him famous. Of course, Smith is aided a great deal by the convincing on-screen rapport between Rogen and Banks and certainly by the competent (if not exceptional) performances by the rest of the cast. Despite being mostly predictable and in no way groundbreaking, Smith manages to exceed expectations and deliver what will probably prove to be one of the funniest, most genuine comedies of this year. Page 1 of 1 Article Tools Share: Facebook Blogger del.icio.us digg newsvine Subscribe: My Yahoo! Google  Be the first to comment on this story Name: (required) Email: (required) NOTE: Email address will not be published Website: Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Email notify will not work because you are not currently logged in. Click here to quickly login or create a free account. Type your comment below (html not allowed) I am not posting spam. I understand posting spam or other comments that are unrelated to this article will cause my comment to be flagged for deletion and possibly cause my IP address to be permanently banned from this server.  Triangle Video Section: Use the arrows to select different videos. National College Advertising and Marketing | Privacy Policy (9/9/09) | Terms of Use (9/9/09) Content Submission Agreement (8/23/07) | Copyright Compliance Policy (4/27/09) | RSS Terms of Use Advertisement Poll Do you partake in digital spring cleaning of your computer? Yes, I like to be organized No, I just search for stuff Submit Vote View Results Advertisement Home Blogs News Ed-Op Arts & Entertainment Sports About Us Triangle Staff Contact Us Advertising Distribution & Subscriptions Drexel University 01/28 Front Page  The Triangle Powered by College Publisher This site is powered by: is a member of the Sponsored by: 