 A-Z Maps Phonebook Ottawa Jazan Pembroke Perth Online Ottawa Future Students Current Students International Online Faculty  Staff Schools  Institutes Alumni About  Ottawa Jazan Pembroke Perth Online Introduction to Fine Art School Home Overview Student Experience Meet the Faculty Contact  Introduction to Fine Art Explore the role of artists in society Introduction to Fine Art The Introduction to Fine Art program at Algonquin College is aimed at students with an interest in fine art, and explores the role of artists in society, how art relates to cultural identity, and the uniqueness of art in Canadian culture. Starting Fall 2013: This is a Mobile Learning Program. As a student in this program you will require a mobile computing device, for example a laptop or tablet computer. Review the Mobile Requirements >> Ontario College Certificate 1 Year Program Code: 1438F01FWO Academic Year: 2013/2014 Our Program Your Career Courses Fees  Expenses Admission Requirements Application Information Additional Information sub_title_1_text_goes_here Our Program One-Year Certificate Program This one-year Ontario College Certificate program is designed for students interested in exploring fine art and art related careers. Students experience hands-on training in painting, drawing, printmaking, sculpture and digital media. Students explore the role of artists in society and investigate career paths including the following: professional artist, gallery and museum programming, arts administration and art education. This program is ideal for students who want to prepare a portfolio for applications to university studies in a Bachelor of Fine Art (BFA). Students use skills acquired from the Introduction to Fine Art program to prepare for related fields of study in Applied Museum Studies, Interior Design, Photography and Arts Administration. Graduates are eligible to receive an Ontario College Certificate in General Arts and Science - One Year, with concentration in Introduction to Fine Art. Graduates can apply to another program at the College or continue their studies in Year II of the General Arts and Science Ontario College Diploma program. Some credits may be considered as transfer credits towards other college programs. Two-Year Diploma Program The two-year Ontario College Diploma program begins in September (for graduates of the one-year certificate program) and in January. Year II provides a well-balanced selection of courses in the social sciences and humanities. On successful completion of Year II, students receive an Ontario College Diploma. Graduates from the diploma program may apply for advanced standing at either Carleton University or the University of Ottawa, if they achieve a GPA of 3.0 or better. Articulation agreements also exist with other postsecondary institutions. This program is part of Algonquin's mobile learning initiative. All students entering into the program are expected to have and use a laptop or mobile computing device that meets or exceeds the recommended hardware requirements as designated by the program. Students in mobile learning programs will use their devices to enhance their learning experience, obtain and work with course materials, participate in collaborative and mlearning environments and become skilled, confident users of the technologies used within an educational environment and workplace. Hardware and software specifications are outlined at http://mlearning.algonquincollege.com. Computers and supplies can be purchased directly from Algonquin's New Technology Store at educational rates. SUCCESS FACTORS This program is well-suited for students who: Want to experience hands-on training in studio art at an introductory level. Wish to learn about career and academic paths related to the arts and cultural sector. Are interested in knowing more about historical and contemporary art practices in relation to popular culture and identity. Are seeking an introduction to the various art institutions, galleries and community arts organizations that operate within major Canadian cities, such as Ottawa. Your Career A General Arts and Science Ontario College Certificate or Ontario College Diploma demonstrates to employers, colleges and universities that graduates have the ability to learn at a postsecondary level, have enhanced skills in oral and written communication, can conduct research in a systematic manner, and are flexible and open to meeting new challenges. These are important attributes in a world where change is rapid and adaptability is an asset. Courses Programs at Algonquin College are delivered using a variety of instruction modes. Courses may be offered in the classroom or lab, entirely online, or in a hybrid mode which combines classroom sessions with online learning activities. Upon registration, each full-time student is provided an Algonquin email account which is used to communicate important information about program or course events. Level: 01    Hours ART0010  Painting is a versatile medium of expression that has a rich cultural history. In this studio course, students are introduced to the materials and techniques of acrylic paint. Projects explore concepts in composition, colour theory and mixing paint while experimenting with different support surfaces. Exercises are linked with historical and contemporary artists and art movements.   Acrylic Painting I  Painting is a versatile medium of expression that has a rich cultural history. In this studio course, students are introduced to the materials and techniques of acrylic paint. Projects explore concepts in composition, colour theory and mixing paint while experimenting with different support surfaces. Exercises are linked with historical and contemporary artists and art movements.  60.0 ART0011  Drawing from the live human figure develops technical skills and engages with themes of identity and culture. Exercises in this studio course begin with traditional approaches to drawing the nude and clothed figure, building skills in proportion and anatomy. Projects in the second half of the course expand on these skills, with increased focus on contemporary methods and materials.   Life Drawing  Drawing from the live human figure develops technical skills and engages with themes of identity and culture. Exercises in this studio course begin with traditional approaches to drawing the nude and clothed figure, building skills in proportion and anatomy. Projects in the second half of the course expand on these skills, with increased focus on contemporary methods and materials.   60.0 ART0014  Materials and techniques of the past influence present-day methods of communicating through art. In this studio course, students work in different media that link art of the past with the present day. Projects include additive sculpture, one-point perspective, linocut and pastel drawing. Students explore and develop a personal visual expression that is connected with historical and contemporary art.  Introduction to Traditional Media I  Materials and techniques of the past influence present-day methods of communicating through art. In this studio course, students work in different media that link art of the past with the present day. Projects include additive sculpture, one-point perspective, linocut and pastel drawing. Students explore and develop a personal visual expression that is connected with historical and contemporary art.  60.0 DAT5758A  In today's world, it is essential to communicate effectively using technology in education and employment. Students improve on or learn new computer skills by producing multi-page documents, creating spreadsheets and presentations with Microsoft Office software. Photoshop is also introduced for editing, modifying and enhancing digital images.    Computer Foundations for the Arts  In today's world, it is essential to communicate effectively using technology in education and employment. Students improve on or learn new computer skills by producing multi-page documents, creating spreadsheets and presentations with Microsoft Office software. Photoshop is also introduced for editing, modifying and enhancing digital images.     45.0 ENL1813G  Communication remains an essential skill sought by employers, regardless of discipline or field of study. Using a practical, vocation-oriented approach, students focus on meeting the requirements of effective communication. Through a combination of lectures, exercises, and independent learning, students practise writing, speaking, reading, listening, locating and documenting information, and using technology to communicate professionally. Students develop and strengthen communication skills that contribute to success in both educational and workplace environments.   Communications I  Communication remains an essential skill sought by employers, regardless of discipline or field of study. Using a practical, vocation-oriented approach, students focus on meeting the requirements of effective communication. Through a combination of lectures, exercises, and independent learning, students practise writing, speaking, reading, listening, locating and documenting information, and using technology to communicate professionally. Students develop and strengthen communication skills that contribute to success in both educational and workplace environments.    45.0 HIS0014  The art of Western Europe and Canada contribute to the shaping of our culture and society. Subjects include significant periods in art history, beginning with early cave painting through to the late Renaissance. Developments in painting, architecture and sculpture are featured. A particular focus is placed on the influence of art history in contemporary society, popular culture and art.  Trends and Topics in Western Art History  The art of Western Europe and Canada contribute to the shaping of our culture and society. Subjects include significant periods in art history, beginning with early cave painting through to the late Renaissance. Developments in painting, architecture and sculpture are featured. A particular focus is placed on the influence of art history in contemporary society, popular culture and art.   45.0 Level: 02    Hours ART0012  Materials and techniques of the past influence present-day methods of communicating through art. In this studio course, students build on skills developed in Introduction to Traditional Media I. Projects and exercises in different media will link art of the past with the present day. Carving, two-point perspective, monoprint, pastel drawing and collage are the focus. Students explore and develop a personal visual expression that is connected with historical and contemporary art.   Prerequisites: ART0014 Introduction to Traditional Media II  Materials and techniques of the past influence present-day methods of communicating through art. In this studio course, students build on skills developed in Introduction to Traditional Media I. Projects and exercises in different media will link art of the past with the present day. Carving, two-point perspective, monoprint, pastel drawing and collage are the focus. Students explore and develop a personal visual expression that is connected with historical and contemporary art.   Prerequisites: ART0014 60.0 ART0013  Painting is a versatile medium of expression that has a rich cultural history. In this studio course, students experiment with the materials and techniques of acrylic paint, refining their knowledge. Projects explore surface texture, acrylic mediums and mixed media. Group discussions engage students through the development and resolution of a painting. Exercises are linked with historical and contemporary artists and art movements.     Prerequisites: ART0010 Acrylic Painting II  Painting is a versatile medium of expression that has a rich cultural history. In this studio course, students experiment with the materials and techniques of acrylic paint, refining their knowledge. Projects explore surface texture, acrylic mediums and mixed media. Group discussions engage students through the development and resolution of a painting. Exercises are linked with historical and contemporary artists and art movements.     Prerequisites: ART0010 60.0 BUS0003  Professional artists use business strategies to establish careers in various fields. Students learn about career options and become familiar with sectors in the art world, such as artist run centers, private galleries and museums. Trips and guest speakers expose students to a variety of art-related vocations. An introduction to funding agencies and grant writing takes place, students learn how to develop a comprehensive portfolio, including a resume, list of images and an artist statement.   The Business of Art  Professional artists use business strategies to establish careers in various fields. Students learn about career options and become familiar with sectors in the art world, such as artist run centers, private galleries and museums. Trips and guest speakers expose students to a variety of art-related vocations. An introduction to funding agencies and grant writing takes place, students learn how to develop a comprehensive portfolio, including a resume, list of images and an artist statement.  45.0 ENL1823G  Effective workplace communication skills are required by all graduates. This course focuses on workplace correspondence, job search strategies, report writing, and teamwork. Students compose, edit, and revise a variety of workplace-oriented messages, prepare a targeted resume, practice presentation skills, and work in teams to produce a collaborative research project.   Prerequisites: ENL1813G Communications II  Effective workplace communication skills are required by all graduates. This course focuses on workplace correspondence, job search strategies, report writing, and teamwork. Students compose, edit, and revise a variety of workplace-oriented messages, prepare a targeted resume, practice presentation skills, and work in teams to produce a collaborative research project.   Prerequisites: ENL1813G 45.0 SOC0007  Contemporary art responds to the culture and society in which it is created. Students investigate the theoretical perspectives behind art movements that have challenged our belief systems, social structures and identities. The communicative impact of art is investigated, beginning in the early modern period through to the present day. Developments in painting, architecture and sculpture, as well as photography, installation art and interactive media, are featured.   Perspectives in Contemporary Art, Culture and Society  Contemporary art responds to the culture and society in which it is created. Students investigate the theoretical perspectives behind art movements that have challenged our belief systems, social structures and identities. The communicative impact of art is investigated, beginning in the early modern period through to the present day. Developments in painting, architecture and sculpture, as well as photography, installation art and interactive media, are featured.   45.0 SSC0069  Visual artists use photographic methods to document, modify and manipulate images of the surrounding world. In this studio course, students develop knowledge of visual design and technical aspects of image-making, allowing them to express themselves creatively through photography. Students explore the creative workflow and decisions required to move from concept to execution, post-processing and presentation of images, demonstrating control over each of these steps. Emphasis is on the creation of traditional works of art, from the starting point of digital image capture. Computer manipulation of images is covered alongside contemporary trends in digital photography.   Creative Photography  Visual artists use photographic methods to document, modify and manipulate images of the surrounding world. In this studio course, students develop knowledge of visual design and technical aspects of image-making, allowing them to express themselves creatively through photography. Students explore the creative workflow and decisions required to move from concept to execution, post-processing and presentation of images, demonstrating control over each of these steps. Emphasis is on the creation of traditional works of art, from the starting point of digital image capture. Computer manipulation of images is covered alongside contemporary trends in digital photography.    60.0 Fees  Expenses Tuition Fees: $1,304.75 per term. Information Technology Fee: $62 per term. * Mobile Computing Fee: $150 per term. ** eTextbook Fee: $55.94 in Level 01. *** Incidental Fees: $419.99 in Level 01 and $169.95 in Level 02. Student Activity/Sports Fee: $210.50 per term. Student Commons/Auditorium Fee: $22 per term. Student Centre Building Fee: $17.50 per term. Health Service Fee: $20 per term. Health Plan Fee: $117.02 paid once annually. **** A $40 graduation fee is payable in the final term. A $25 transcript fee is payable in the first term a student attends Algonquin College. International Students pay all relevant Canadian fees plus an International Premium of $4,600 per term. * Students paying the Information Technology fee are provided with a network account, an email address, and Internet access. For more information please visit our website at www.algonquincollege.com/its/services/it_fee.htm . ** The Mobile Computing Fee covers the costs associated with providing various services to student registered in a amandatory laptop programs. *** The eTextbook fee covers the costs of the required resources for Computer Foundations (DAT5758, DAT5758A, DAT5758M). The resources will be provided at the beginning of each term. **** Students who have coverage with another plan can request a refund by supplying the Students' Association with documentation supporting the request. This request will have to be made annually. Books and supplies (including camera) cost approximately $650 per year and can be purchased in the campus bookstore. Some textbooks include a software package which is mandatory as it includes evaluation components for the program. Students are expected to have a digital camera. Recommended price range: $300 - $350. Admission Requirements 2013/2014 2012/2013 College Eligibility Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) or equivalent. Applicants with an OSSD showing senior English and/or mathematics courses at the Basic Level, or with Workplace or Open courses, will be tested to determine their eligibility for admission; OR Academic and Career Entrance (ACE) certificate; OR General Educational Development (GED) certificate; OR Mature student status (19 years of age or older and without a high school diploma at the start of the program). Eligibility may be determined by academic achievement testing for which there is a current fee of $40 (subject to change). Program Eligibility English, Grade 12 (ENG4C or equivalent). Applicants with International transcripts must provide proof of either: IELTS-International English Language Testing Service-Overall band of 6.0 with a minimum of 5.5 in each band. OR TOEFL-Internet-based (iBT)-overall 80, with the minimum of 20 in each component: Reading 20; Listening: 20 Speaking: 20, Writing: 20. Should the number of qualified applicants exceed the number of available places, applicants will be selected on the basis of their proficiency in English. College Eligibility Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSSD) or equivalent. Applicants with an OSSD showing senior English and/or mathematics courses at the Basic Level, or with Workplace or Open courses, will be tested to determine their eligibility for admission; OR Academic and Career Entrance (ACE) certificate; OR General Educational Development (GED) certificate; OR Mature Student status (19 years of age or older and without a high school diploma at the start of the program). Eligibility may be determined by academic achievement testing for which a fee of $40 (subject to change) will be charged. Program Eligibility English, Grade 12 (ENG4C or equivalent). Should the number of qualified applicants exceed the number of available places, applicants will be selected on the basis of their proficiency in English. Application Information Applications to full-time day programs must be submitted with official transcripts showing completion of the academic admission requirements through: ontariocolleges.ca 60 Corporate Court Guelph, Ontario N1G 5J3 1-888-892-2228 Students currently enrolled in an Ontario secondary school should contact their Guidance Office to apply. For all other applicants, applications are available online at www.ontariocolleges.ca A $95 fee applies. Applications for Fall Term and Winter Term admission received by February 1 will be given equal consideration. Applications received after February 1 will be processed on a first-come, first-served basis as long as places are available. International applicants applying from out-of-country can obtain the International Student Application Form at https://xweb.algonquincollege.com/FormIE/index.aspx or by contacting the Registrar's Office. For further information on the admissions process, contact: Registrar's Office Algonquin College 1385 Woodroffe Ave, Room C150 Ottawa, ON K2G 1V8 Telephone: 613-727-0002 Toll-free: 1-800-565-4723 TTY: 1-866-620-3845 Fax: 613-727-7632 Email: AskUs@algonquincollege.com Additional Information Students are required to have access to a digital camera for the SSC0069 - Creative Photography course. The digital camera must have minimum 6 megapixel resolution, optical viewfinder, optical zoom lens, and exposure modes including program, manual, aperture priority and shutter priority which can be manually and independently set and a range of ISO (speed or sensitivity) settings. For more information, contact Natasha Mazurka, Program Coordinator, at 613-727-4723 ext. 5820 or mazurkn@algonquincollege.com. sub_title_1_text_goes_here sub_content_1_goes_here_or_remove_this_and_closing_tag Every attempt is made to ensure the accuracy of the information in this publication. The College reserves the right to modify or cancel any course, program, fee, timetable, or campus location at any time Get Answers Today Fill out the form below to receive a FREE information kit. See how you can get a great paying professional career you'll love! Apply Now Financial Aid Testimonials “With the help of this program, I have a very strong portfolio.” “The amount of talent in the program was amazing.” “I attribute much of my ability to my experience at Algonquin.” School Events Calendar   Ottawa 1385 Woodroffe Avenue Ottawa, Ontario K2G 1V8 613-727-4723 Pembroke 1 College Way Pembroke, Ontario K8A 0C8 613-735-4700 Perth 7 Craig Street Perth, Ontario K7H 1X7 613-267-2859 Go Social A-Z Maps Phonebook Quick Look About Admissions Programs/Courses Schools/Institutes Departments  Services News Events Information For Future Students International Students Current Students Alumni Faculty  Staff Corporate Training Career Opportunities Employers What's Popular Students Association Student Services Report Registrar's Office Book Store Computer Store Financial Aid 2013 Algonquin College of Applied Arts and Technology  