 Home Discover Bend Oregon Where to Stay What to Do How To Get Here Move Here Plan a Meeting About Us Arts, Entertainment and Culture in Bend Oregon The Arts thrive in Bend! Roughness and beauty, edginess and sophistication. Bend's artscene is as diverse as its natural environment. Home to nationallyrecognized artists, musicians, filmmakers, painters, writers and muchmore. Enjoy such varied venues as movie theaters, museums, artgalleries, and dinner theater. Learn about the area's history andnatural wonders. Celebrate life year-round while attending a long listof Bend's events and festivals. Bend is central Oregons art nexus: home to numerous artists and art galleries  an art lovers delight, with a diversity and range that will impress even the most discerning viewer. Every first Friday of the month throughout the year is when Bend celebrates the arts community with gusto ! Galleries and other businesses stay open late as patrons fill the streets to enjoy the ever-changing monthly exhibits, many with artists available to discuss their work. Music livens the streets as visitors and residents enjoy Bends vibrant and diverse art scene. Information on the monthly event can be found in Cascade AE available in locations all over town and in area galleries. You can ride the free GETIT Shuttle bus as it makes a continuous loop between Downtown and the Old Mill District galleries. Need help finding Bend's galleries, art installations, and art events in Bend? Download the Cascade AE app to guide you for iPhone, iPad and Android. One of Bend's annual art festivals is Art in the High Desert . Central Oregons Premier Juried Art  Fine Craft Festival, showcasing over 100 artists from around the country and Canada - all on the banks of the beautiful Deschutes River, in the Old Mill District. This event features some of the best artists in the country, and is not to be missed! Art in the High Desert ranked in the top 25 events nationwide for sales of fine art in 2012. Catch it every third weekend in August inthe beautiful Old Mill District along the Deschutes River. Looking for live jazz in Bend, Oregon? Several times a year, the Oxford Hotel in downtown Bend , turn their luxurious digs into a swanky jazz club bringing world-classmusicians to the intimacy of The Oxford Hotel . Jazz at the Oxford's live jazz concerts start inOctober and continue through March. You can check out their mosthighlyacclaimedlineup to date here . From visual arts and performing arts, to historical tours and livemusic, Bend is truly a vibrant oasis for anyone seeking culture in themountains. Check out the links below to learn more about Bend's richcultural tourism opportunities. Find out more about the various arts organizations in and around Bend, including the Arts, Beautification and Culture Commission of Bend , Art Match , Art in Public Places , and Arts Central .  Roundabout Art Route Tour in Bend  Art Galleries in Bend  Pillars of Art Program at the Bend Visitor Center  Artists  Performing Arts in Bend  Photographers in Bend  Cultural Tours  Museums  Nature of Words  BendFilm Festival  Factory Tours in Bend  Brewery Tours in Bend  Wine Tasting and Wineries in Bend  Movie Theaters in Bend  Jazz at the Oxford  Win a Bend Vacation Package! Sign up for our email newsletter:  Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter 