 Careers Login Support  248.391.8001  - End Ubermenu ================================================== Plex Navigation Solutions Software Categories Enterprise Resource Planning Manufacturing Execution System Business Intelligence Quality Management System Supply Chain Management Customer Relationship Management Functional Areas Accounting and Finance Business Intelligence Customer and Sales Management Foundation Human Resources Management Inventory Management Product and Program Management Production Management Quality Management Supply Chain Management Business Processes Consolidate to Report Design to Retire (PLM) Order to Cash Plan to Produce Procure to Pay Reconcile to Report The Plex Cloud What is Cloud ERP What is the Plex Cloud Plex by the Numbers Business Continuity Cloud vs. On-Premise FAQs Security Services Customer Care Education Services Technology Services Professional Services Industries Aerospace and Defense Automotive Food and Beverage High Tech and Electronics Industrial Manufacturing Precision Metalforming Customers Aerospace and Defense Automotive and OEM Food and Beverage High Tech and Electronics Industrial Manufacturing Precision Metalforming Company Company Why Plex? Executive Team Corporate Responsibility Industry Affiliations Awards Careers Jobs Life at Plex Awards Events Power Plex Webinars Live Events Partners Partner Showcase Contact Newsroom News Releases Press  Analyst Coverage Blog Newsletters Knowledge Center Case Studies White Papers Analyst Research Demos Multimedia Contact Corporate Location Office Locations Corporate 900 Tower Dr. Suite 1400 Troy, MI 48098 248.391.8001 Technical 4375 Giddings Rd. Auburn Hills, MI 48326 248.391.8001 California Office 18881 Von Karman Ave. Irvine, CA Suite 780 92612 248.391.8001 European Office Nymphenburger Str.. 4 80335 München Deutschland + 049.26 357 123  Home > Industries > Automotive Automotive Bringing the Happy to Automotive ERP Talk about growing up tough! Plex Systems grew up providing cloud ERP to the extended automotive supply chain. It was in this competitive automotive manufacturing industry where every mouse click is factored into productivity, that the Plex Cloud was forged. For automotive parts suppliers and OEMs, reducing costs, streamlining production and increasing efficiency are the demands of an automotive ERP software. We started on the plant floor, mapping every process and loving every moment, creating enterprise resource planning software that made our customers – car guys, tough guys – happy guys. Featured Packages Starter Automotive – Starter Growth is good, right? You’re in the running for the biggest job in your company’s history, but you can’t manage the OEM’s requirements. That’s not good. It’s time to stop managing your plant floor with clipboards and sticky notes. It’s time to introduce real manufacturing processes into your business. It’s time for Starter, an ERP solution in the Plex Manufacturing Cloud. Customers choose Starter to: Manage sales and shipments with EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) and release accounting Control inventory with barcode labels and sophisticated traceability features Plan, schedule and execute required procurement and production Core Automotive – Core You have an ERP system but it isn’t helping you out. In fact, you’ve come up with paper-based, by-hand processes to compensate for the things your ERP system makes too difficult to do. That’s no way to compete. It’s time for ERP that puts the plant floor front and center: ERP that runs on manufacturing time – the non-stop, critical capture of information about the efficiency of machines and the productivity of people time. It’s time for ERP that comes with quality management so you know what’s being produced before you produce 10,000 pieces of scrap. It’s time for Core, an ERP solution in the Plex Manufacturing Cloud sized just right for mid-sized companies. Customers choose Core to: Improve product quality with built-in, real-time control plans, data collection and analysis Properly maintain and service tooling, equipment and facilities Ensure internal procedures and processes are followed using configurable workflows Better utilize their work force with a powerful human resources management suite Enterprise Automotive – Enterprise It’s not that problems go away. It’s just that once your business is all grown-up, you have more complex quality problems. You start asking big, non-routine questions. Is this the right time to open another plant? Do we have the right global partners? If we purchase a competitor, how do we integrate their processes? The answers to these questions are found in the details, the granular data that is generated on the plant floor. You can’t forecast if you don’t know about productivity right down to the machine and the person who operates it. You can’t predict the capacity to handle increased demand if you can’t see what’s being produced by plant, by region, by division, all the way up the chain. You can’t answer the big questions if your ERP system doesn’t give you a great big picture window on to what’s happening on the plant floor. No matter what ERP you have in place, if it’s not manufacturing-ready ERP it’s not going to answer the big questions for you. You’ll find answers are on the plant floor with Enterprise, a solution in the Plex Manufacturing Cloud that delivers dynamic ERP from the plant floor up. Customers choose Enterprise to: Improve sales with quoting and estimating, sales and program management tools Leverage the most advanced quality, human resources and costing features Utilize integrated tool manufacturing applications Extend system functionality across multiple facilities, customers and suppliers Software Features Accounting  Finance Apr 12, 2013 Business Intelligence Apr 12, 2013 Customer and Sales Management Apr 12, 2013 Foundation Apr 12, 2013 Human Resources Management Apr 12, 2013 Inventory Management Apr 12, 2013 Production Management Apr 12, 2013 Product and Program Management Apr 12, 2013 Quality Management Apr 12, 2013 Supply Chain Management Apr 12, 2013 Aerospace and Defense Automotive Food and Beverage High Tech and Electronics Industrial Manufacturing Precision Metalforming Plex Demo for Automotive Watch Demo Download a White Paper Bhar Drives Up Customer Satisfaction Must-Have ERP for Automotive Suppliers Want to Know More? When you know more, you can do more. That's the power behind the Plex Manufacturing Cloud. Contact Us Today Using ERP to Drive Continuous Improvements and Innovation Click to view slideshow. Read Your Industry Brochure Newsletter Read the Plex newsletter for Aerospace and Defense Manufacturers View Newsletter Solutions Software Categories Functional Areas Business Processes The Plex Cloud Services Customer Care Education Services Technology Services Professional Services Industries Aerospace & Defense Automotive Industries Food & Beverage High Tech & Electronics Industrial Manufacturing Precision Metalforming Customers Aerospace & Defense Automotive Industries Food & Beverage High Tech & Electronics Industrial Manufacturing Precision Metalforming Company Why Plex? Careers Events Partners Newsroom Jobs RSS Knowledge Center Case Studies White Papers Analyst Research Video Case Studies Blog Newsletters Support Contact Plex Systems 900 Tower Dr. Suite 1400 Troy, MI 48098 248-391-8001 Contact Form  Directions  ©Plex Systems 2013 Site Map  |  Privacy Policy |   