  Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Mobile | E-Editions | Photo Store | Flyertown | Publications | Advertising | Contests | Store | Retail Locations | News Café | Submit a News Tip Winnipeg Free Press on: | |  CURRENTLY: 33c Partly cloudy | TONIGHT: 18c Fog patches Full Forecast Subscribe Login | Register | Manage Profile | Logout | Manage August 27, 2013 Sign up for: News Alerts | Editors Bulletin  Advanced Search | Archives Editorial News News Local Canada World Special Coverage Corrections Staff Biographies Submit a News Tip Arts  Life Arts Life Diversions Movies TV Music Celebrities Food Books Tech Faith Health Puzzles Events Business Agriculture Business Books Personal Finance Sports Jets Bombers Goldeyes Amateur Auto Racing Baseball Basketball Curling Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Soccer Travel Its Manitoba Time Events Africa Asia Canada Caribbean Central America Cruises Europe Mexico South America United States Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Analysis Columnists Blogs Send a letter to the Editor Media P.O.V. Slideshows Videos WFP-tv Classified Sites Obituaries Careers Flyertown Classifieds Autos Homes Winnipeg Free Press  Arts  Life  Arts  Entertainment  Celebrities  Jennifer Lawrence: Dad encouraged sense of humor Celebrities Winnipeg Free Press - ONLINE EDITION Jennifer Lawrence: Dad encouraged sense of humor By: Bang Showbiz Posted: 06/14/2013 9:15 AM | Comments: 0  Print E–mail  Enlarge Image Jennifer Lawrence Jennifer Lawrence has credited her father for her sense of humor. The 'Silver Linings Playbook' actress is known for her quick-witted quips - such as joking that her dress meant to fall down when she suffered an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction at the Screen Actors Guild Awards in January - and she says her dad always encouraged her to be funny. She told US magazine Popular Mechanics: My dad always told me, 'If it ain't broke, don't fix it.' And have a good sense of humor. While the 22-year-old beauty's father gave her life advice, 'World War Z' star Brad Pitt says his dad instilled a more practical skill in him - the art of fishing. In a feature celebrating Father's Day - which takes place on Sunday (16.06.13) - he said: My dad took my brother and me fishing all the time--seemed like we'd go every weekend. Dad taught me how to cast the rod. Now a dad himself, the 49-year-old hunk will be looking forward to celebrating the special occasion with his six children - Maddox, 11, Pax, nine, Zahara, eight, Shiloh, six, and four-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne - with fiancée Angelina Jolie. The actor recently revealed he signed on to star in his upcoming zombie thriller 'World War Z' so he could share the movie with his sons Maddox, Pax and Knox. He said: ''This whole thing started because I just wanted to do a film that my boys could see before they turned 18 - one that they would like, anyways. And they love a zombie. So we settled on this book, Max Brooks' book, called 'World War Z'.''  Factual inaccuracy? Something missing? Help improve our journalism. Know about news? Share your story suggestions, photos and video. Spelling error? Punctuation problem? Send us an email if youve found a typo.  Print E–mail More Celebrities Previous Article: Paris Jackson 'in a good place' (23 of 23 articles for today) Next Article: Demi Lovato to play Naya Rivera's Glee lover (1 of 23 articles for today) Undock You can comment on most stories on winnipegfreepress.com . You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is be a Winnipeg Free Press print or e-edition subscriber to join the conversation and give your feedback. You can comment on most stories on winnipegfreepress.com . You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is be a Winnipeg Free Press print or e-edition subscriber to join the conversation and give your feedback. Have Your Say Display comments New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions . Have Your Say Comments are open to Winnipeg Free Press print or e-edition subscribers only. why? Login Subscribe Have Your Say Comments are open to Winnipeg Free Press Subscribers only. why? Subscribe The Winnipeg Free Press does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions . These terms were revised effective April 16, 2010. Follow WFP Jets The Bulletin Twitter News Cafe Facebook Breaking News Alerts Back to Top Return to Celebrities Dock More Celebrities (1 of 23 articles for today) Demi Lovato to play Naya Rivera's Glee lover 2:15 PM 0 Read Article Make text: Larger | Smaller LATEST VIDEO Buck Pierce on QB support and offensive changes View more like this Photo Store Gallery View More Gallery Photos Poll Should the Perimeter Highway be renamed after Terry Fox? Yes No, but a different major street should be renamed in his honour. No. View Results View Related Story Ads by Google  General: Contact Us | History | Internships | Advertising | Privacy Policy | Reader Rewards | Sponsorship | Subscribe | Customer Service On-line: RSS Feeds | E-Editions | Archives | Photo Store Related: Newspaper in Education | Autos | Homes | Classifieds | Celebrations | Careers | Obituaries | FP Newspapers Inc.  2013 Winnipeg Free Press. All Rights Reserved. website designed and created by powered by Limelight Networks 