 Education.com New here? Join now Sign in Search...  Games Activities Worksheets Workbooks Articles Science Fair Schools more +  Home > School and Academics > Academic Subjects > Helping Your Child with Reading  Benefits of Literature Print Collect It! Email By B.D. Roe|E.P. Ross Pearson Allyn Bacon Prentice Hall Updated on Jul 20, 2010 Literature is an important component of a total language arts program at all grade levels because of the many benefits it offers. Here are some reasons for integrating literature into your curriculum.  Literature provides pleasure to listeners and readers . It is a relaxing escape from daily problems, and it fills leisure moments. Making time for recreational reading and using high-quality literature help to develop enthusiastic readers and improve achievement (Block  Mangieri, 2002). According to Rosenblatt (1995, p. 175), The power of literature to offer entertainment and recreation is . . . still its prime reason for survival. Developing a love of literature as a recreational activity is possibly the most important outcome of a literature program.  Literature builds experience. Children expand their horizons through vicarious experiences. They visit new places, gain new experiences, and meet new people. They learn about the past as well as the present and learn about a variety of cultures, including their own. They discover the common goals and similar emotions found in people of all times and places. Two examples of books that provide such experiences are Nory Ryan's Song by Patricia Reilly Giff, a harsh survival story set in Ireland during the potato famine of 1845, and Patricia Polacco's The Butterfly , dealing with Nazis, resistance, and Jewish persecution during World War II.  Literature provides a language model for those who hear and read it. Good literature exposes children to correct sentence patterns, standard story structures, and varied word usage. Children for whom English is a second language can improve their English with the interesting context, and all children benefit from new vocabulary that is woven into the stories.  Literature develops thinking skills. Discussions of literature bring out reasoning related to sequence; cause and effect; character motivation; predictions; visualization of actions, characters, and settings; critical analysis of the story; and creative responses.  Literature supports all areas of the language arts curriculum . The chapter-opening classroom vignette shows how literature brings together all of the language arts. Listening to stories provides opportunities for honing listening skills, and discussion allows children to express their thoughts, feelings, and reactions. When students read literature, they are practicing their comprehension strategies in meaningful situations. Young writers may use various genres of literature as models for their own writing, and literature can be the basis for creative dramatics. Children can find stories to read and puzzles to solve on the Internet, and the computer can serve as a word processor for creating stories of their own.  Literature helps children deal with their problems. By finding out about the problems of others through books, children receive insights into dealing with their own problems, a process called bibliotherapy . Children might identify with Gilly, living resentfully in a foster home in Katherine Paterson's The Great Gilly Hopkins , or with Mary Alice, a city girl forced to live with her grandma in a hick town in Richard Peck's A Year Down Yonder.  Picture books develop visual literacy. The carefully crafted, creative illustrations in picture books develop children's awareness of line, color, space, shape, and design. Some illustrations complement or reinforce the story, whereas others enhance or extend the text. Pictures convey meaning and open new opportunities for interpretation (Giorgis et al., 1999).  Multicultural literature helps readers value people from different races, ethnic groups, and cultures . Excellent, well-illustrated books are available for many cultural groups. Children from such populations gain self-esteem by seeing themselves represented in books, and mainstream children begin to appreciate others from culturally diverse backgrounds.  Literature helps establish career concepts. For children who have limited knowledge of occupations, literature expands their ideas for potential careers (Harkins, 2001). Peggy Rathman's Officer Buckle and Gloria , about a police officer who shares information, and Alexandra Day's Frank and Ernest on the Road , about truck driving, give insights into two career choices.  Literature integrates the curriculum . Trade books (books of the trade, or library books) supplement and enrich any part of the curriculum. Instead of relying solely on textbooks, look for recent, brightly illustrated books on specific topics related to your theme or subject area. Remember that textbooks are assigned, but trade books are often chosen.  Literature improves reading ability and attitudes . A study of thirty second-, third-, fourth-, and sixth-grade classrooms by Block, Reed, and deTuncq (2003) indicated that students benefited more from twenty minutes of daily trade book or short story reading instruction. The researchers claim that reading from trade books resulted in increased reading ability, improved attitudes toward reading, and increased reading rate.    prev page 1 2 next page  View Full Article Excerpted From: Integrating Language Arts Through Literature and Thematic Units Buy this book »  Excerpt from Integrating Language Arts Through Literature and Thematic Units, by B.D. Roe, E.P. Ross, 2006 edition, p. 33-34.  ______ 2006, Allyn & Bacon, an imprint of Pearson Education Inc. Used by permission. All rights reserved. The reproduction, duplication, or distribution of this material by any means including but not limited to email and blogs is strictly prohibited without the explicit permission of the publisher. Next Article: Types of Collaborative Groups DIY Fashion: 6 Projects to Spice Up Your Wardrobe Color By Number with Multiplication! Paraphrasing Practice  Similar topics Search Topic  Helping Your Child with Reading Reading for Beginners Books for Children Helping Your Child with Writing Helping Your Child with Math Helping Your Child with Science Helping Your Child With Social Studies/History Helping Your Child with 21st Century Subjects Search Add your own comment  Quick Find Topic Special Editions Bullying College Financing Childhood Immunizations Digital World Parenting Gender Differences Obesity Prevention Going to College Browse by Topic All Topics A-Z School and Academics Academic Subjects Helping Your Child with Reading Helping Your Child with Reading Genres Helping Your Child with Reading Building Blocks Helping Your Child with the Alphabet Helping Your Child with Phonics and Sound Helping Your Child with Sight Word Recognition Helping Your Child with Reading Comprehension Reading and Becoming a Lifelong Reader Browse by Grade Babies & Toddlers Preschool Kindergarten First Grade Second Grade Third Grade Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Middle School High School College Continuing Education  Parent Guides by Grade Preschool Kindergarten First Grade Second Grade Third Grade Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Middle School High School Popular Articles Wondering what others found interesting? Check out our most popular articles. Kindergarten Sight Words List A Parent's Guide to the Common Core Standards Asperger's Syndrome Warning Signs First Grade Sight Words List 10 Reading Readiness Skills for Kindergarten Kids What Makes a School Effective? Child Development Theories Factors Affecting Social Development 6 Ways to Raise a Focused Child 7 Habits of Highly Successful Teens Take a look at what other users are searching for most. science fair projects science projects math games science fractions sight words science fair Here are the articles our users like best. The Homework Debate Barack Obama on Education Are Video Games Educational? 7 Habits of Highly Successful Teens Why School Cafeterias Are Dishing Out Fast Food School Uniforms The Benefits of Team Sports Helping Kinesthetic Learners Succeed Most Read Most Searched Top Rated  Activity of the Week Newsletter Get our latest activities sent to you weekly: Grade Specific Teacher Approved Straight to Your Inbox! Preschool Kindergarten First Grade Second Grade Third Grade Fourth Grade Fifth Grade Sign Up Privacy Policy  Help your early reader get ahead with Education.com's new online games. Learn More Arts & Crafts Games & Puzzles Science Experiments Phonics & Reading Numbers & Math Letters & Writing Outdoor Games Science Fair Projects Videos: Activities & Crafts All Activities Preschool Kindergarten 1st Grade 2nd Grade 3rd Grade 4th Grade 5th Grade Middle School High School Videos: Back to School Tips Preschool Kindergarten 1st Grade 2nd Grade 3rd Grade 4th Grade 5th Grade Middle School High School Math Reading Writing Science Social Studies Printable Board Games Coloring Pages Workbooks All Worksheets Featured Topic Get unlimited worksheets with PLUS! Preschool Kindergarten 1st Grade 2nd Grade 3rd Grade 4th Grade 5th Grade Reading Writing Math Science Social Studies Coloring All Workbooks Featured Topic Subscribe to PLUS for Unlimited Workbooks Preschool Kindergarten 1st Grade 2nd Grade 3rd Grade 4th Grade 5th Grade School and Learning Parenting Social Development Bullying Technology Education Issues All Articles Featured Topic The ABC's of Back to School for Parents All Project Ideas Kindergarten Elementary School Middle School High School Physical Science Earth and Space Science Life Science Applied Science Behavioral/Health Science Enter zip or city and state Find a K-12 School Choosing a Preschool Kindergarten Readiness Types of Schools Home Schooling School Data Tools Testing & Standards Study Help Schools Q School Boundaries Collections Colleges Education AZ JustAsk Videos App Reviews Blog  Search Follow Us on Facebook on Twitter Kids' Activities Science Activities Math Activities Reading Activities Arts and Crafts Science Fair Projects Worksheets Math Worksheets Coloring Pages Kindergarten Preschool Education Articles Education AZ Special Editions Blogs A+ Awards En español School Finder Quick Search School Boundaries School Data Tools Local Schools Widget School Boundaries Widget About Us | Contact Us | Help | Submission Guidelines | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Partners | Widgets and Tools | AdChoices Copyright  2006 - 2013 Education.com, Inc. All rights reserved.  