 Subscriptions | Advertise | Login | Register NEWS National News Afro Briefs Washington D.C. News Baltimore News P.G. County News Health SPORTS College High School Columnists ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT Books Movies Music Photography OPINION Editorial Commentary Cartoons LOCAL AFRO Clean Green Block D.C. Community D.C. Events Baltimore Community Baltimore Events Character Education Living for the Weekend Rambling Rose Social Scene BGE Announcements Maryland Government Obituaries - Baltimore Obituaries - Washington D.C. BUSINESS Real Estate MULTIMEDIA Have You Seen This Yet SEARCH AFRO Black History Archives Contact Us JOBS Charities  Advertisements AFRO Poll Question Attorney General Eric Holder has recommended the elimination of mandatory sentencing for low-level drug offenses. What is your opinion: A. Disagree—low level offenses lead to higher drug offenses B. Agree---it's about time we stop ruining people's futures  Become a fan on Follow us on Advertisement Home Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment The movie "The Butler", served up a second helping at the box office, topping the weekend with $17 million. (Courtesy Photo) 'The Butler' Stays on Top with $17 Million Originally published August 25, 2013 NEW YORK (AP)  Lee Daniels The Butler served up a second helping at the box office, topping the weekend with $17 million according to studio estimates Sunday. more more Arts & Entertainment “Law and Order: SVU” to Air Episode Based on Trayvon Martin Case by Zenitha Prince August 23, 2013 - Law and Order: Special Victims Unit, part of a franchise long famous for its stories ripped straight from the headlines will air an episode in its upcoming season based on the Trayvon Martin case. more Kendrick Lamar Nominated for 14 BET Hip-Hop Awards—Snoop to Host by Jonathan Laundrum Jr. August 23, 2013 - ATLANTA (AP)  Kendrick Lamar made a splash with his major label debut. He recently called out some of raps best by name, warning them about his aim for hip-hops top spot on Big Seans Control. more Kanye West Unveils Photo of Baby on TV's 'Kris' by Associated Press August 23, 2013 - LOS ANGELES (AP)  Baby North West has made her television debut. more LeBron James Draws Controversy for Police Escort to Jay-Z Concert by Courtney Jacobs August 23, 2013 - Four-time NBA MVP and two-time NBA champion LeBron James has drawn controversy for the preferential treatment King James was recently shown by the Miami police. more Lemon Zest! by Kam Williams August 21, 2013 - Born in Baton Rouge, La. on March 1, 1966, Don Lemon anchors CNN Newsroom during weekend prime-time and serves as a CNN correspondent out of the networks New York bureau, Don joined CNN in September 2006. more more Movie Reviews Big Words by Kam Williams July 31, 2013 - Its November 4, 2008, and Brooklyn is bristling with anticipation about the impending election returns to see whether or not Barack Obama will be the nations first African-American president. But the magic of the moment is pretty much lost on John aka MC Wordsmith (Dorian Missick), James aka Jay-V (Gbenga Akinnagbe) and Terry aka DJ Malik (Darien Sills-Evans), despite the fact that theyre black and hail from the hood. more Sam Jackson, Snoop Dog Voice a Snail’s Tale by Kam Williams July 17, 2013 - Theo (Ryan Reynolds) is routinely ridiculed by his friends for entertaining what they see as the impossible dream of one day competing in the Indianapolis 500. Even his brother, Chet (Paul Giamatti), suggests that, The sooner you accept the reality of your existence, the happier youll be. more Hot Comic Dazzles at Madison Square Garden by Kam Williams July 03, 2013 - Move over Chris Rock, Eddie Murphy, Steve Harvey and Katt Williams, the hottest black comic around right now is Kevin Hart. The diminutive, 5 2 funnyman has skyrocketed to the heights of showbiz ladder lately, making myriad memorable performances on both TV and film. more Roots and Rise of Venus and Serena by Kam Williams May 15, 2013 - Richard Williams was born and raised in Shreveport, La., where he was left traumatized by having a railroad spike driven through his leg for refusing to behave deferentially towards a gang of white racists. Understandably, that experience played a significant role in shaping the youngster into the highly-ambitious and fiercely-overprotective father he would later become. more Blue-Collar Beau Meets Bourgie Fiancee’s Family by Kam Williams May 08, 2013 - After dating for over a year, Wade Walker (Craig Robinson) is head-over-heels in love with his girlfriend, Grace (Kerry Washington). Hes ready to pop the question, and has even purchased a ring, but theres a slight problem: he still hasnt met her parents yet. more more Music Reviews Mosno Al-Moseeki Bridges the Gap Between East and West with Latest Album by Alexis Taylor July 20, 2012 - Refusing to be placed in any category, Mosno Al-Moseeki is a master of effortlessly commanding the stage and the mind. more Carl Thomas ‘Conquers’ It All by Gregory Dale December 21, 2011 - With timeless ballads such as Emotional and Summer Rain, RB crooner Carl Thomas can easily be classified as a staple in modern RB. His 1999 debut album on Bad Boy Records spawned a bevy of chart-topping singles and was later certified platinum. more The Next Male Heavy Weight of Soul? by Marcus A. Williams October 27, 2011 - RBs teddy bear Ruben Studdard, is gunning to be the next Luther Vandross with his fifth album dropping this January. more Roc SteaD: Old Concept, New Approach by Marcus A. Williams October 05, 2011 - It looks like music is getting a new RB and Hip-Hop duo. Detroits own Roc lyricist Brittany Elliott and SteaD vocalist Jessica Lamarre are LIVE Record Labels debut duo, Roc SteaD. more Songstress Syleena Johnson is Back With the Next Chapter by Gregory Dale September 01, 2011 - With her signature raspy powerful vocals, Syleena Johnson has been RBs best kept secret for over a decade. more more Book Reviews A Speech for the Ages: ‘…I have a dream…’ by Kam Williams August 15, 2013 - A great speech is both timely and timeless. First and foremost, it must touch and move its immediate audience But it must also simultaneously reach over the heads of the assembled to posterity. more God's Graffiti: Inspiring Stories for Teens by Kam Williams July 31, 2013 - I was raised in poverty, surrounded by drug dealers, gangs and community violence. My mother was addicted to crack cocaine and alcohol. I rarely went to church [Yet] somehow Gods grace found and saved me when no one and nothing else could...I was raised in poverty, surrounded by drug dealers, gangs and community violence. more Crime Writing Duo Top List of Best-Read Black Authors by AFRO Staff July 26, 2013 - The writing team of Ashley and JaQuavis Coleman continues to dominate the paperback fiction bestseller list with four titles in the top ten, according to the latest Power List, a compilation of three websites that have published African American literature for more than a decade. more Cynthia McKinney—A 21st Century Gadfly by Kam Williams July 17, 2013 - Elected six times to the House from the state of Georgia, Cynthia McKinney cut a trail through Congressional deceit like a hot ember through ash. She discovered legislators who passed laws without reading them [and] black-skinned individuals shilling for the white status quo. more 'O Say Can You See' May Not Mean the Same for Blacks by Ronald A. Taylor July 04, 2013 - As America celebrates its 237th birthday, it is hard to imagine the nations capital in its infancy, much less as a Southern town that, 20 years before the Civil War, could count more free Blacks than slaves among its 20,000 residents. But thats the setting for A Snow Storm in August , a riveting account of the 1835 race riot in Washington, D.C. and its aftermath. more NEWS AFRO Briefs Baltimore News Cogic Deltas 2013 Deltasuffrage Election 2012 Health Inauguration 2013 National News News from Around the Web Prince George's County News SpecialCoverage Washington D.C. News SPORTS 2012 Olympics Coverage College Columnists High School ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT A Around the Web Books Movie Reviews Music Reviews Photography OPINION Cartoons Commentary Editorial LOCAL AFRO Clean Green Block Baltimore Community Baltimore Events BGE Announcements Character Education D.C. Community D.C. Events D.C. Fab! Exposed Living for the Weekend Maryland Government Obituaries - Baltimore Obituaries - Washington D.C. Rambling Rose Social Scene Social Scene2 BUSINESS Real Estate VIDEO/MULTIMEDIA SEARCH SPECIAL CONTENT BUT HAVE YOU SEEN THIS YET? MLK Memorial Special Coverage The March for Jobs & Justice Rally The October 16, 2011 Dedication Ceremony of the MLK Monument Toll-Free Voice: 800-AFRO-892 (800-237-6892) Toll-Free Fax: 877-570-9297 Baltimore, MD Office 2519 North Charles Street Baltimore, MD 21218 Voice: 410-554-8200 Washington, DC Office 1917 Benning Road Washington, DC 20002 Voice: 202-332-0080 AFRO-American Newspapers The Atlanta Voice The Chicago Citizen The Dallas Weekly Defender (Houston) Indianapolis Recorder Philadelphia Tribune St. Louis American New York Amsterdam News 