 Top College News Subscribe to the Newsletter Home Staff Contacts Policies Projects Radio RSS Advertise Competitions Jobs Photo of the Day  Home News Announcements Features Opinion Arts and Entertainment Sports Options Login Register About Us Letter to the Editor Classifieds Links RWC Main Site UC Main Site RWC Study Abroad The Activist  Arts and Entertainment Movie Review Queen Of Damned movies Published: Tuesday, April 16, 2002 Updated: Tuesday, May 31, 2011 21:05  When I first saw "Interview With The Vampire," I thought it was pretty well portrayed. A few things in the storyline of the novel had been changed for the movie, but it didn't seem to interrupt the flow. Overall, it was a very good movie."Interview With The Vampire" is the only Anne Rice book I had ever read. I had always made a point to read more of her "Vampire Chronicles," but never really had the time to do so. When I heard there was going to be a "Queen of the Damned" movie, I was very excited.until I saw it. In "Queen Of The Damned," Stuart Townsend takes over Tom Cruise's role as Lestat. The creature of the night wakes up from a 200-year sleep and joins a Goth band. This was my first sign that the movie might be a little silly. My suspicions were correct. The other principle character, Queen Akasha (played by Aaliyah), appears first as a statue in a shrine, where Lestat plays his violin so intensely that she is brought back to life. Then she and Lestat make plans to take over the world. After hearing of Queen Akasha's plans, her fellow vampires revolt against her. I won't spoil the ending for you (I use the word "spoil" loosely), but any damned fool could probably figure it out. I don't want to say that "Queen Of The Damned" is a total washout. There are some great special effects and gorgeous costumes. But when you see this movie on DVD, the best way to watch it would be with the sound down and the stereo up. Recommended: Articles that may interest you Facebook Comments Site Comments Be the first to comment on this article! Log in to Comment You must be logged in to comment on an article. Not already a member? Register now Log In  E-mail: Password:  secParents; Most Popular A True Story of the 2004 Tsunami Fun things to do this holiday season UCBA Offers 49 Scholarships for 2013-14 “The Score” by The Fugees New Stevie Ray Vaughan release tells tale of his rise to fame Most Commented Home News Announcements Features Opinion Arts and Entertainment Sports  - The Activist This site is powered by: Official Music Sponsor: 