  A-home More News Opinion Sports Entertainment Join the conversation Log In Register Subscribe Contribute Article Event Photo Video My Account Edit Profile Logout  85 Scattered Clouds Weekly Forecast Wednesday 94 68 Thursday 95 68 Friday 94 63 Saturday 89 60 Current 10-day Forecast Webcams River Levels  sponsored by  Advanced Search | Privacy | About Our Ads News News Web Search Web Search powered by YAHOO! SEARCH Home Events Music Community Movies Dining TV Arts & Theatre Books Games Photo Galleries Video  Hot Topics Rape suspect Former teacher Shooting Fire fund Plagiarism Runaway Union furlough New teachers Wolf shot  Jody Grant named new ABT head of marketing, corporate relations Benefit event Trailhead Brew  Chew set for Sept. 7 Gaelic Storm to play Babcock, tickets on sale Monday Pop star Sparks appreciates her 'Speezys,' views Houston as 'guardian angel' Weekly Webb: Murder by Death mixes mayhem with fun No Cigar hosts CD party Saturday at the Railyard Good Eats: S'more Blizzards at Dairy Queen Foursight: Water Best Bets: 'Bye Bye Birdie'; Daniel  the Blonde Yellowstone Public Radio program highlights Off the charts: Robbie Fulks, Dana Fuchs, The Greencards Review: Blanchett shimmers in note-perfect 'Blue Jasmine' Review: 'Mortal Instruments' robs fantasy-genre graveyard for cash 7th Avenue Band performs Aug. 30 at Laurel's Rock the Block Hodge Podge Koncert for Kidz is Friday at South Park Free tickets for active military members and spouses to Billings Clinic Classic Home / Entertainment / Arts & Theatre / Theatre Venture brings humor to classic Dickens' tale  Saved Save Article My Saved Items Print Email  PAUL RUHTER/Gazette Staff ' );"> Buy Now PAUL RUHTER/Gazette Staff ' );"> Buy Now PAUL RUHTER/Gazette Staff ' );"> Buy Now  2010-11-12T00:00:00Z 2011-01-21T06:47:36Z Venture brings humor to classic Dickens' tale By JACI WEBB Of The Gazette Staff The Billings Gazette November 12, 2010 12:00 am  By JACI WEBB Of The Gazette Staff Loading "God bless us everyone" "God bless us everyone'' Venture Theatre is staging the musical "A Christmas Carol''beginning Nov. 19 and running through Dec. 18. Tickets are $20.Discounts are available for groups of 10 or more. For tickets orshow times, call Venture at 591-9535. For the second time in two years, Billings actor Vincent Rayehas grown out his silvery beard and put on a surly face to playEbenezer Scrooge at Venture Theatre. But this time, Raye is playing a gentler version of the oldcurmudgeon he portrayed in “Jacob Marley's Christmas.” Scrooge isstill a workaholic miser as his creator Charles Dickens intended.But there is humor in his gruffness in Venture's staging of “AChristmas Carol.” For example, Raye does a kick line on top of hisbed with the ghost of his dead business partner, Marley, played byKyle Trott. “It's musical theater,” Raye said. “It has its dark sides, butit has more light than 'Jacob Marley's Christmas.'” Director Robert Wood said the idea was to stay true to theDickens' tale about redemption but add a lighter touch to themusical by including more children and more comedy. “We're trying to play with it and exploit the fun,” Wood saidduring rehearsal Monday. “It's mostly how I interpreted the script.It's about finding the fun.” Thirty kids were added to the adult chorus making the bignumbers, well, bigger. Raye said having kids in the show added tothe energy, even if there were more people to maneuver around onstage. Raye complimented Wood for working on the educational aspectof staging a musical. “I've been acting since the 1970s, for almost 40 years, andRobert is teaching me stuff, which is great,” Raye said. Zach Sheets and Angela Fulkerson play Bob Cratchit and Mrs.Cratchit, a switch from the last show the two actors did together,which was “Hair.” “My singing confidence is up after doing 'Hair,'” Fulkersonsaid. Sheets adds, “It's crazy to go from 'Hair' to such a classicstory as 'Christmas Carol.'” Based on Charles Dickens' 1843 novella, “A Christmas Carol” addsmusic and dancing to the tale of the miserly Ebenezer Scrooge, whois opposed to holiday cheer and indifferent to the sufferings ofthe poor in Victorian London. Scrooge is visited by four ghosts who offer him the opportunityto connect with his fellow man. Among Dickens' famous characters inthe production is the sickly son of the Cratchits, Tiny Tim, whowill be played by two young girls, Jordyn Sartorie and MorganCraig. Steve Zediker plays the Ghost of Christmas Present, Nan Edmondsis the Ghost of Christmas Past, and Kevin Schweigert is thespirited Fezziwig. Cassidy Gamsby Seeman is music director and Kristie ZieglerMartin choreographs. Paul Jangula recreates London of the 1800swith set design and surprise special effects for the ghosts.Longtime Billings costumer and actor Gary Treglown recreated theVictorian era in dozens of costumes for the production. Contact Jaci Webb at 657-1359 orjwebb@billingsgazette.com Contact Jaci Webb at 657-1359 or jwebb@billingsgazette.com Tags Charles Dickens , Jacob Marley , Bob Cratchit , Vincent Raye , A Christmas Carol , Tiny Tim , Robert Wood , Kyle Trott , Angela Fulkerson , Zach Sheets , Jordyn Sartorie , Morgan Craig View Comments More Theatre stories Jody Grant named new ABT head of marketing, corporate relations Benefit event Trailhead Brew  Chew set for Sept. 7 Gaelic Storm to play Babcock, tickets on sale Monday Pop star Sparks appreciates her 'Speezys,' views Houston as 'guardian angel' Recommendations Sponsored Links Copyright 2013 The Billings Gazette. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Follow Enjoy Facebook Enjoy on Facebook Twitter Enjoy on Twitter Follow @BillingsEnjoy Email Get email updates from Enjoy Email Updates RSS Follow Enjoy via RSS RSS Feeds TV Listings MetraPark Tickets Top Stories Aug 23 Benefit event Trailhead Brew  Chew set for Sept. 7 Aug 23 Pop star Sparks appreciates her 'Speezys,' views Houston as 'guardian angel' Aug 23 Weekly Webb: Murder by Death mixes mayhem with fun Aug 22 Hodge Podge Koncert for Kidz is Friday at South Park Aug 16 Free tickets for active military members and spouses to Billings Clinic Classic Deals  Offers Montana 811 is a good start - before you dig follow up with Last Call Locating 406-698-9850 It is tough to know where Private Utility Lines are if you di Don't ever want to paint again? Call us for a free estimate on siding for your home! C's Exterior designs provides both vinyl and steel siding for  FREE Educational Seminar at Billings Last Diet Dr. Dale W. Williams of Billings Last Diet is inviting the fir Did you know that poor fit and adjustment of your eyeglasses can affect your vision and even cause headaches? Call Clear Vision Optical 406-252-8972 If Your Glasses Fall, Call Paul! Clear Vision Optical is locat Let Dahl Funeral Chapel help alleviate the fear associated with planning ahead Contact us today for information for pre-need funeral informat Featured Businesses D'Alton Law Firm P.C. Paws  Reflect Pet Salon, LLC IRET Properties Fas-Break Glass Mcfiny's Convenience Stores Find a local business I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory . Local advertising by PaperG  Services Subscriber Services Advertise About Us Contact Us RSS Other Websites Sell It MT Today's Deal Thrifty Nickel Magic City Magazine Billings Business ReDiscover Montana Welcome Home Montana Land Magazine Special Sections Montana Energy Review  Copyright 2013, The Billings Gazette , 401 N Broadway Billings, MT | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Find Area Businesses Billings Apartments Billings Attorneys Billings Auto Dealers Billings Auto Parts Billings Auto Repair Billings Beauty Salons Billings Car Rental Billings Dentists Billings Doctors Billings Flowers Billings Hotels Billings Insurance Billings Loans Billings Mortgages Billings Movers Billings Pizza Billings Realtors Billings Restaurants Billings Storage Billings Tax Preparation Billings Travel More Billings Lockwood Apartments Lockwood Attorneys Lockwood Auto Dealers Lockwood Auto Parts Lockwood Auto Repair Lockwood Beauty Salons Lockwood Car Rental Lockwood Dentists Lockwood Doctors Lockwood Flowers Lockwood Hotels Lockwood Insurance Lockwood Loans Lockwood Mortgages Lockwood Movers Lockwood Pizza Lockwood Realtors Lockwood Restaurants Lockwood Storage Lockwood Tax Preparation Lockwood Travel More Lockwood Laurel Apartments Laurel Attorneys Laurel Auto Dealers Laurel Auto Parts Laurel Auto Repair Laurel Beauty Salons Laurel Car Rental Laurel Dentists Laurel Doctors Laurel Flowers Laurel Hotels Laurel Insurance Laurel Loans Laurel Mortgages Laurel Movers Laurel Pizza Laurel Realtors Laurel Restaurants Laurel Storage Laurel Tax Preparation Laurel Travel More Laurel Featured  Join the conversation Login Signup Login here with a previously connected Facebook account. Login here with billingsgazette.com account: Email  Password Required! Email: Password:  Remember me on this computer Forgot Password Please Wait Login   Domain: billingsgazette.com BLOX CMS version: 1.13.11 BLOX Calendar version: 2.8.0 LEE Global version: 1.12.13 BLOX Application: editorial BLOX Application Skin: lee-news Timestamp: 1:45:48 pm 