   Celebrate, Participate! Marshall McLuhan 1911-2011 MMXI Events Gingko Press, Inc. 1321 Fifth Street     Berkeley, CA 94710      Phone: (510) 898-1195    Fax: (510) 898-1196       Interviews Gallery News Submission Guidelines About Us Contact H O M E New Titles McLuhan Graphic Design Popular Culture Street Art  Graffiti Architecture  Interiors Art Photography Literature Sidelines  Graphic Design Fu-J  previous 1 2 3 4 more... NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW NEW Fucked Up + Photocopied Functional Packaging Prototypes Generation T Geo/Graphics Graphic Candy Graphics and Space Grotesk: Kimou Meyer Hands On: Interactive Design... Hello, Mr. Package! How to Disappear: Moki I Love Type 01: Futura I Love Type 02: Avant Garde I Love Type 03: Bodoni I Love Type 04: DIN I Love Type 05: Gill Sans I Love Type 06: Franklin Gothic I Love Type 07: Helvetica I Love Type 08: Times Identity Suite Illustrators In  Out Impeccable Scene Design Infinite Illustration Infinite Pattern John Van Hamersveld: 50 Years... Just Kidding: Designs for Children JUXTAPOZ Car Culture JUXTAPOZ Dark Arts JUXTAPOZ Erotica JUXTAPOZ Handmade JUXTAPOZ Illustration JUXTAPOZ Illustration 2 JUXTAPOZ New Contemporary JUXTAPOZ Poster Art JUXTAPOZ Tattoo JUXTAPOZ Tattoo 2  previous 1 2 3 4 more... Juxtapoz Art  Culture Magazine: Juxtapoz Car Culture click image for large view Leave it to Juxtapoz to fully cram the best artists from the hot rod, low rider, and kustom kulture world into one book. It’s pure eye candy for existing fans and an aesthetic eye opener for everyone else. click images for large view Written by underground journalist Kevin Thomson, and edited by Robert Williams in conjunction with the Juxtapoz team, this book is full on graphic auto action from cover to cover. It features core respresentatives of the scene originators such as Von Dutch and Ed “Big Daddy” Roth, together with contemporary maniacs like Coop, Keith Weesner, and Von Franco. J uxtapoz Car Culture provides the unique opportunity to fill your imaginary tank and zoom into a segment of the real world populated by those totally devoted to car culture. Packed with meaty profiles on featured artists together with cartoonists, stripers, painters and photographers working in the field, this book is indeed one of a kind. 216 pages, Hardcover, 8'' x 10'' (205 x 255 mm) 150 color illustrations, English ISBN: 978-1-58423-347-3 $ 29.95 Contributors from A–Z: Anthony Ausgang Jack Butler C. Cruz Jimmy C Church COOP Dirty Donny Marc D'Estout Chris Froggett Pat Ganahl Bruce Gossett Darrell Mayabb M.C. McMillen Pete Millar Ed Newton David Perry The Pizz Sarah Ray Charlie Smith Thom Taylor Peter Vincent Keith Weesner Robert Williams  About: Juxtapoz Art  Culture Magazine Juxtapoz Art  Culture Magazine is a magazine created in 1994 by a group of artists and collectors including Robert Williams, C.R. Stecyk, Greg Escalante and others to both help define and celebrate urban contemporary art. Today, Juxtapoz has the largest circulation of any art magazine in the United States. Website: www.juxtapoz.com  Also by Juxtapoz:  NEW Juxtapoz New Contemporary Jamie Treadwell, Arik Roper, James Jean, Scott Greenwalt, Adam Sorensen ... more... Juxtapoz Illustration 2 Once again an exciting roster of contributors, pushing the boundaries. more... Juxtapoz Tattoo 2 Expands on a subject very dear to the inked hearts of its readers. more... Juxtapoz Erotica Titillating explorations by two dozen of the most exciting artists working today. more... Juxtapoz Handmade Works of art, created with lashings of passion, whimsy and humor. more... Juxtapoz Dark Arts All about a new art form that aims to be unsettling and has its roots in the 20th Century. more... Juxtapoz Photo Artists united by the Juxtapoz stamp of intriguing outsider perspectives. more... Juxtapoz Poster Art Artists stepped away from the psychedelic '60s and developed their own aesthetic more... Juxtapoz Illustration A new generation of artists intent on working outside the ossified art establishment... more... Juxtapoz Tattoo Gifted tattooists are creating a modern twist on a classic archetype. more...  How to order: email to Gingko Press PDF Fax Form | Blank  | HOME | New Titles | McLuhan | Graphic Design | Popular Culture | Street Art  Graffiti | Architecture  Interiors | Art | Photography | Literature | Sidelines | | Interviews | Gallery | News | Submission Guidelines | About Us | Contact | Not Available Anymore | Complete Title List | back to top GINGKO PRESS | POP CULTURE / CAR CULTURE BOOK | ISBN-13: 9781584233473 | ISBN-10: 1-58423-347-8 / 1584233478 