 On TV TV is Good Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home About Tag Archives: arts and entertainment The wardrobe on this show is driving me nuts! Posted on December 2, 2011 by Tracy Briggs 5 I ask you a simple question today. Im a little irked. Why must women on primetime television either being sex kittens or queens of frumpville? Theres no middle ground. Case in point: Body of Proof on ABC. I really love the show. It centers around Dr. Megan Hunt played by Dana Delaney, a former neurosurgeon who is now working as a pathologist solving murders through examining bodies. A modern-day Quincy. But Quincy never dressed like this. On any given day, youll see Dr. Hunt go out to a crime scene stepping over dead bodies in 5 inch platform pumps. Once back in the lab, she works on the bodies while still dressed to the nines. Can those shoes really be comfortable on the hard tile floor of a medical exam room? Her boss, played by Jeri Ryan isnt much different. This hard-charging woman shows up at press conferences in low-cut blouses and tight skirts. Seriously? When is the last time you saw a county official on the news dressed like that. On the flip side, Detective Samantha Baker played by Sonja Sohn. Apparently producers want her to be one of those stern and serious police officers. None of that Charlies Angels stuff. But they go overboard. Her wardrobe consists of the same ugly grey or black suit with a plain colored shirt underneath. She looks like Elliot Ness. And of course, it looks like shes wearing orthopedic shoes. I look around my office right now. I dont see women dressed like any of these three people. My female co-workers are dressed appropriately. Practical but feminine and fun. Lets send some of these producers or costumers to the real offices of America. I know TV is supposed to be fantasy. But just watching these women makes me want to jump off my stilettos. Posted in Uncategorized | Tagged arts and entertainment , tv | 5 Replies Search Recent Posts Hollywood Game Night  Celebrities and games and drinking Sharks + a tornado = SyFys Sharknado The show where funny celebrities have a game night, and more to watch this summer Mad Men conspiracy theories Even more new shows and spring finales Recent Comments John Solberg on House of Cards  a different kind of TV Tracy Briggs on My Idol days might be numbered shannon olson on My Idol days might be numbered Tracy Briggs on My Idol days might be numbered wisky fan on My Idol days might be numbered Tags american idol amy poehler arts arts and entertainment celebrity Dancing with the Stars desperate housewives downton abbey entertainment family game show hate the bachelor hollywood game night jane lynch jason sudeikis media Top Brady moments tv variety Subscription Options: Archives July 2013 June 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 June 2012 May 2012 January 2012 December 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 Categories Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Log in WordPress.org Documentation Support Forums Feedback 