 The Alternative Press Your Neighborhood News Online NJ Monthly Twitter Facebook RSS Sign Up/Contribute Content Change Town ▾ To find local news, enter your town name below: Berkeley Heights Chatham East Brunswick Hardyston Hopatcong Livingston Madison Maplewood Mendham/Chester Millburn / Short Hills Milltown/Spotswood New Providence Newton Paterson Plainfield Scotch Plains/Fanwood South Orange South Plainfield Sparta Summit Sussex Vernon Warren West Essex West Orange Westfield Please sign in so we can remember your choice Return to Homepage E-Newsletter Signup Start TAP in Your Town Home News/Sections ▾ Arts  Entertainment Business  Finance Education Elections Food  Wine Garden State Green Giving Back Government Health  Wellness Home  Garden Law  Justice Police  Fire Real Estate Religions and Spirituality Sports Press Releases Opinion Columns Events Directory Classifieds Real Estate TAP Into Your Town's News Berkeley Heights Chatham East Brunswick Hardyston Hopatcong Livingston Madison Maplewood Mendham/Chester Millburn / Short Hills Milltown/Spotswood New Providence Newton Paterson Plainfield Scotch Plains/Fanwood South Orange South Plainfield Sparta Summit Sussex Vernon Warren West Essex West Orange Westfield Go You are here Madison Arts  Entertainment Arts  Entertainment Top Stories Madison Artist Larry Ross Illustrates with Humor    Madison Arts  Entertainment Top Stories Photos Larry Ross  Madison Artist Larry Ross Illustrates with Humor TheAlternativePress.com Staff Monday, July 29, 2013  8:33am Content Options MADISON, NJ - The MACA/DDC Sidewalk Gallery Banner Art Project is a new public art installation that will be on exhibit throughout downtown Madison through October 2013.This collaborative endeavor is the first in what we hope will be many more projects to promote local artists, and the town of Madison as an arts destination.All the banners will be auctioned at the Gala Auction event on October 18 at the Hartley Dodge Memorial Building with proceeds benefiting the individual artists, MACA and the DDC. This weeks featured artist is Madisons own Larry Ross, a self-describedhumorous illustrator with many years of experience working in editorial, books, and advertising.He enjoys working with a variety of clients, managing to bring warmth, humor and style to their ideas with his natural ability to create unique concepts based on articles, ads or manuscripts. Ross originally began drawing humorous pictures while growing up in Pennsylvania and went on to attend Pratt Institute, where he earned a BFA.After graduation he began his professional artistic career while living in Brooklyn, or as he calls it, The Funny Borough which was the perfect location for this humorist--close enough to Manhattan to find some serious clients. These days, the computer has joined his pad, pencil, pen and ink, as tools of the trade. Ross work has been chosen for The Society of Illustrators Annual Show and The Best of The New York Times as well as winning awards at The New York Art Directors Club and The New Jersey Art Directors Club.In addition, over the years, Ross has illustrated more than 20 childrens books, numerous humor books for adults and award winning book covers for all ages, and he has created  original artwork for The New York Times,  New York Magazine, Harpers Magazine and  The National Lampoon.Larry has also illustrated ads and created advertising campaigns for IBM, Perdue Chicken, AlkaSeltzer, USA Network,  CBS, Master Card, and Newsweek to name a few. Ross and his wife Nancyhave two sons and have called Madison home for many years. Ross was one of the first artists chosen to be part of the Banner Art Project, and he considers it an honor to be included in the Madison Arts Sidewalk Gallery. Im glad I could contribute and be part of this excellent project, which adds an element of beauty and surprise to the already very lively and interesting downtown area. His banner can be found on Waverly Place. The Madison Arts  Culture Alliance is a local non-profit arts and cultural organization.Guided by its Strategic Plan, MACA focuses on enhancing communication with individual members, member organizations and the general public as well as strengthening the relationship with our local government officials and schools.MACA explores new initiatives to advocate the central role of arts and culture in everyday life by engaging key participants to help create an integrated arts community.The leadership of MACA believe that fostering collaboration with and among all the people and organizations in the creative ecosystem is the highest priority of the Madison Arts  Culture Alliance. This is the second in a series of articles on the MACA/DDC Sidewalk Gallery Banner Art Project.  TAP into your town! Get Your Town's News In Your Inbox: Click here to sign up. Recent Articles Nearby » Madison Artist Featured in Gallery Banner Art Project MADISON, NJ - I really enjoyed being included in this great event, Dan Fenelon said. Its wonderful to see all unique visions from each artist.The Sidewalk Gallery Banner Art Project sponsored by MACA and the DDC is on exhibit throughout downtown Madison. A Gala Auction event featuring all the sidewalk gallery banners will be held on October 18 at the Hartley Dodge Memorial Building. The proc... August 27, 2013 Waverly Place Welcomes New Merchants MADISON, NJ - Three new merchants are coming to Waverly Place.Zenful Living will be located at 20 Waverly Place on the second floor.My job is to listen and help people on a one to one basis connect with their core, said Jo Jimenez, owner of Zenful Living. Jimenez is determined to provide a service to her clients that combines a total togetherness of body and mind--a process of internal healing.The Brass El... August 26, 2013 Madison Marching Dodgers Making Music and Marching Toward a New Season MADISON, NJ - The Madison Marching Dodgers enter their fourth year of performance under the leadership of Madisons High School Director of Bands, Russell Batsch. Theres nobody better, Jay Oh, senior and main drum major said of his mentor.We started with 50 kids. Weve grown to 140, and the first three years we were undefeated, Russell Batsch said. We have three goals  t... August 23, 2013 Friends of the Livingston Library Presents 'Shop for a Cause' LIVINGSTON, NJ  On Aug. 24, shoppers will receive a ticket to Macys discounts as well as a chance to win a $500 gift card when they donate $5.00 to Friends of the Livingston Library (FOTLL).The Shop for a Cause program benefits the FOTLL organization and those who participate in the program. Individuals who donate $5.00 to the Friends of the Livingston Library receive a Macys Shop for a Cause ticket.On Saturday,... August 22, 2013 Madison's Farmers' Market, Free Pizza and More MADISON, NJ - Get free pizza samples from participating pizzerias at Madisons Farmers Market on Thursday. Pizza samples will be available from Il Porto, Roccos, Papa Johns, Nickys Firehouse and Chianti.Live music will be provided by Bakersfield Breakers, an instrumental trio, from 1 to 2:30 pmThe maroon and gold balloons youll see between Kettle Korn and Melicks are markers fo... August 22, 2013     Advertise On TAP Login / Register Contribute Content Sign Up For Email Alerts About Us | Contact Us | TAP in the News | Useful Links | Advisory Board | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright  2013 The Alternative Press LLC. All rights reserved. 