 Engineering/Geek Entertainment Humor Engineering Dilbert Dilbert's Salary Theorem Women (as explained by engineers) TV Sherlock Holmes Art imitates life ? Movies Girl with the Dragon Tattoo Check out my Science-Fiction page Humor Engineering Humor http://jensorensen.com/ home of the Slow Poke cartoon which used to be here www.slowpokecomics.com Dilbert will help progress beyond Murphy's Law www.userfriendly.org is the home of Illiad's Technical Support comic strip You're a True Engineer if... A German Internet ? Achtung is for the German in all of us Evolution of a Programmer Engineer vs. Programmer you need to wear an Iron Ring to understand this. An truly invaluable real life Engineer's Flow Chart Creators admit that both the 'Unix OS' and the 'C Language' are a hoax Borland's Dead C Scrolls (how the popularity of Turbo Pascal resulted in the creation of .NET and C#) excerpt from: The Book of Anders (page 88 of The Best of Verity Stob By Verity Stob ) And it came to pass that the sons of Kahn, who dwelt in the valley of Scotts, in the land of Cali-fornia, fell upon hard times. For they were hard plagued by the Mic-rosoftees who dwelt in the north, yet ruled all the lands around, and forced all to bow down and pay tribute before their god Vi Su-Albahsic. And there was much wailing and gnashing of teeth in the valley, and also much careful reading of the Situations Vacant columns. And then An-ders, an elder in the tribe of the sons of Kahn, dreamed a dream. And he called together all the tribe and spake unto them saying: Brothers - last night I dreamed that everyone in the world paid tribute to the god Vi Su-Albahsic. And the Mic-rosoftees did come down into the valley of Scotts, and forced all men who dwelt there to worship Vi Su-Albahsic. And the sons of Kahn gave in and became programmers like Jerripur-Nel, the scribe of Bytemag, who toileth still upon Robertas Basic flash-card program; yea, yet he hath toiled upon it for seven and four-score years or more, as it seemeth to me. And An-ders spake, saying: Do you want this to happen? And the sons of Kahn replied as one saying: Indeed, we sodding well do not. And so the sons of Kahn looked once more upon Tur Bhopas-kal, and into the void which was called Owl. And they saw that , while calling it a void was a tad unfair, there was plenty of scope for improvement. And An-ders and Garee and Zackur-Lockur and Giant I and many others girded up their loins, and toiled long and hard. And together they fashioned TObject. And TObject conceived, and begat TPersistent. And TPersistent begat TComponent, and TComponent begat TControl, and TControl begat TWinControl, and TWinControl begat TCustomControl, and TCustomControl begat TCustomGrid, and TCustomGrid begat TDrawGrid, and TDrawGrid begat TStringGrid. And TObject also begat Exception, and Exception begat EMathError, and EMathError [ thats enough begatting - Ed. ] And so it came to pass that the fruit of TObjects loins were indeed fruitful, and the whole multiplied much. And the tribe of TObjects children was known as Veesee-ell. And Tur Bhopas-kal was henceforth named by the name of Delphi, by decree of the department of market, who had once spent a happy fortnight in Corfu, and was wise in the ways of the Greeks. When the sons of Kahn looked upon Veesee-ell and Delphi, and they saw that Delphi micturith upon the head of Vi Su-Albahsic, as though from the top of the mountain of Rockee. And the sons of Kahn were glad within their hearts, indeed they were well chuffed. And there was much wining and celebration and slaughtering of fatted calves in the valley of Scotts, with plenty of alcohol-free and meat-free alternatives laid on for those who cannot partake of strong drink or murdered animals for reasons of medication or creed or obstinacy, or because their girlfriends wont let them. And by all a good time was had. And it came to pass that two seasons came and went. And the first season was rich and fruitful for the sons of Kahn, and their bellies grew round and plump with milk and honey. But the second season was thin and lean, and was a time of famine. For verily the department of market of the sons of Kahn was not unpractised at snatching defeat, yea even from the very jaws of victory. And the sound of weeping and wailing was heard once more in the valley. And one day An-ders journeyed to the wilderness, and wept and wailed and cried out unto the Lord, saying Shall I spend the rest of my days tinkering with a Pascal compiler I wrote 15 years ago? Couldnt I have a go at something else? Shall I never have stock options which consistently increase in value? Can I not be on the winning side for a change? And it so happened that nearby stood a scout for the tribe of the Mic-rosoftees, disguised as a juniper bush. And he heard An-ders cry out. And he came forward to An-ders, saying, Can I be of assistance? And one thing led unto another. And when the sons of Kahn heard what had happened, they put upon the matter a brave face saying: An-ders hath worked but a little on recent releases, we will be on time with Delphi 3.0, we are sorry to see him go, of course, but this will not impact any of our technology. But friends of the sons of Kahn remembered the wisdom of Mandee-rice Davis. And such men were sore afraid for the sons of Kahn. More: Reg1... and Google... and Reg2... and Reg3... Dilbert Searchable Dilbert . Become a gold member at www.dilbert.com and you'll be allowed to search Dilbert cartoons by character dialog or keyword or both) Access this free third-party tool to search for words like COBOL or Java :-) Look: Actual Code Spaghetti Logic When I Started Programming... Dilbert's Salary Theorem  Engineers and scientists can never earn as much as business executives and sales people .  This theorem can now be supported by a mathematical equation as follows: Postulate 1: Knowledge is Power Postulate 2: Time is Money As every engineer knows: Power = Work / Time Since: Knowledge = Power And: Time = Money Then: Knowledge = Work / Money Solving for Money, we get: Money = Work / Knowledge. Analysis: As knowledge approaches zero, Money approaches infinity, regardless of the amount of work done. Conclusion: The less you know, the more money you make. (ask any CEO or MBA) Women (As Explained by Engineers) Part I Part II Part III Part IV Part V TV Sherlock Holmes Many people are not aware of the best reincarnation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's most famous character. Starting in 1984, Granada Television in the UK spent an enormous amount of money to recreate a section of London England (circa 1895-1905) right down to the carriages, gas lanterns, and costumes . They only used stories by Doyle so you won't find Holmes fighting the Nazi's as we have seen in other incarnations from Hollywood. Jeremy Brett plays Holmes and is the most believable of all to date. Granada even goes so far as to end certain scenes with the actors standing in the same positions as the illustrations as originally published in The Strand Magazine . The series is always running on PBS in North America and you can now purchase all 41-episodes as part of a DVD collection. Official Sherlock Holmes Museum at 221b Baker St. London, England. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherlock_Holmes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Conan_Doyle http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sherlock_Holmes_(1984_TV_series) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/221B_Baker_Street Recently released information from the UK tells us that a gentleman by the name of Joseph Bell (who was Doyle's medical professor in Edinburgh) was the model for Sherlock Holmes. I just (2001.01) viewed a PBS program exploring this new info. Click here for more details. Free ebook downloads: http://spellbreaker.org/~chrender/Sherlock_Holmes/ http://ebooks.adelaide.edu.au/d/doyle/arthur_conan/ Art imitates life Sonny: I just might get to like this place. Let's see if the Braves are on. How do you turn on this here teevee? Riker: Teevee? Sonny: Yeah, boob-tube... you know. I'd like to find out how the Braves are doin' after all this time. Probably still finding ways to lose. Data to Riker: Oh -- I think he means television, sir. Sonny: Or maybe catch up on the soaps. Data to Sonny: That particular form of entertainment did not last much beyond the year Two Thousand Forty. Reference: STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION - Episode 126 - Titled: The Neutral Zone Reality: Television died in 2004; not 2040 Reason: in order to maximize their profits, the networks decided to replace programs based upon professional writing and acting with so-called Reality TV Movies Girl with the Dragon Tattoo The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (official web site ) A discredited journalist and a mysterious computer hacker discover that even the wealthiest families have skeletons in their closets while working to solve the mystery of a 40-year-old murder. Inspired by late author Stieg Larsson's successful trilogy of books, THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO gets under way as Mikael Blomkvist and Lisbeth Salander are briefed in the disappearance of Harriet Vanger, whose uncle suspects she may have been killed by a member of their own family. The deeper Mikael and Lisbeth dig for the truth, however, the greater the risk of being buried alive by members of the family who will go to great lengths to keep their secrets tightly sealed. The Girl Who Played With Fire (official web site ) Mikael Blomkvist is about to run a story that will expose an extensive sex trafficking operation between Eastern Europe and Sweden, implicating well-known and highly placed members of Swedish society. On the eve of publication, the two investigating reporters are murdered and the fingerprints found on the murder weapon belong to Lisbeth Salander. The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (was theatrically released in North America on Oct-29, 2010) In this last installment, Lisbeth Salander (Noomi Rapace) lies in critical condition, a bullet wound to her head, in the intensive care unit of a Swedish city hospital. Shes fighting for her life in more ways than one: if and when she recovers, shell be taken back to Stockholm to stand trial for three murders. With the help of her friend, journalist Mikael Blomkvist (Michael Nyqvist), she will not only have to prove her innocence, but also identify and denounce those in authority who have allowed the vulnerable, like herself, to suffer abuse and violence. And, on her own, she will plot revenge  against the man who tried to kill her, and the corrupt government institutions that very nearly destroyed her life. Charlie Rose Interviews: A look at the film  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo  www.charlierose.com/view/interview/10970 (click on the Niels Oplev's face to start the interview) A look at the life and work of  Stieg Larsson  who authored: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl Who Played with Fire, and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest www.charlierose.com/view/interview/11025 (click on Eva Gedin's face to start the interview) Interview with actor Noomi Rapace, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo www.charlierose.com/view/interview/11260 (click on Noomi's face to start the interview) Back to Home Neil Rieck Kitchener - Waterloo - Cambridge, Ontario, Canada. 