 Your browser, , is out of date and not supported by www.automotive.com.It may not display all features of our site properly and could have potential security flaws.Please update your browser to the most upated version. Update Now Close x Automotive.com My Profile Logout x Search New Cars Research New Cars Compare Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Rebates  Incentives Lease Calculator Get a Quote Used Cars Research Used Cars Explore Pricing View Photos Buying  Selling Tips Cars for Sale Basic Car Search Advanced Car Search Certified Vehicles Find a Dealer Car Reviews and News Car Reviews Video Reviews Latest News Auto Shows Features and Advice Hot Lists Traveling  Events Car Maintenance  Ownership Tools and Tips View Tools Insurance Tips  Tools Loan Tips  Tools Get an Auto Loan Loan Calculator Check Gas Prices Explore Forums  Home | Car News | Infiniti Developing New Entry-Level Crossover Infiniti Developing New Entry-Level Crossover By Megan Stewart | May 26, 2013 COMMENTS  1 PHOTOS Thanks to the partnership between Infiniti and Mercedes-Benz , an entry-level Infiniti QX30 crossover may soon enter the lineup, positioned below whats currently known as the EX, but will be renamed the QX50 for the 2014 model year. In a surprising twist, it will be built on the same Mercedes chassis that is used for the CLA-Class and GLA-Class. The new QX30 will resemble the brands Etherea concept , making it almost as high as a crossover, and it will also feature a hatchback. It is projected that 60,000 units of this vehicle will be produced annually, and it will potentially make its way to the states. Currently, Infinitis lineup is mostly filled with rear-wheel drive vehicles like the G37 and EX, FX, and QX SUVs, with the only front-wheel drive vehicles being the JX. It looks as if Nissans luxury brand will be offering both front- and rear-wheel drive models as it continues to make a greater impact on the global luxury car segment. Infiniti still plans to produce a fully electric vehicle using the Nissan Leaf platform, but the production car is being delayed because its headline technology will be inductive charging, where owners simply park their cars over a charging pad and it does the rest. The technology works, but theres no global homologation. Were hoping for a global open-architecture standard, and were working with Daimler and Renault for that, Said Infiniti chief Andy Palmer in a recent interview. Source: Motor Trend Tags: Infiniti More on this Car: Specs, Compare, Safety, Pricing, Reviews, Rebates, Photos, Warranty  Next Article Behind the Wheel: 2013 Acura ILX With your average BMW 3 Series and its competition trading hands at more than $40,000, a new segment of luxury cars has emerged around $30,000. Among the first to the new segment is the 2013 Read more Related Articles 2013 Infiniti FX Crossover Gets New Name, Engine, Starts at $45,195 Nissan has released pricing information on its Infiniti FX mid-sized crossover for model year 2013. Pricing has increased across the board for the 2013 Infiniti FX, from an additional $545 for the 2013 FX37 to Read more Driven: 2012 Infiniti FX50 We recently had a chance to get behind the wheel of the 2012 Infiniti FX50, a hulking beast of a crossover that shares its underpinnings with some surprising vehicles in the Infiniti and Nissan lineups. Read more 2013 Infiniti JX35 Crossover Being Investigated by NHTSA for Unintended Deceleration The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is opening an investigation on the 2013 Infiniti JX35 crossover after receiving two complaints of the vehicle unexpectedly braking on its own. While the investigation has just started, the Read more  Logout Profile Log in or Register to comment   Tweets by @MyAutomotive  About Us Advertising Affiliates Sitemap Terms Newsletter  Ad Choices Dealer Inquiries Privacy User Content  Automotive.com, LLC (a Source Interlink Media, LLC company) All rights reserved. HALWBBLG7 Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes Your browser does not support iframes   