  CURRENT OFFERS: HOURS OF OPERATION: Mon. - Fri. - 8:00am to 5:00pm Saturday - 9:00am to 1:00pm Sunday - CLOSED Are you looking for top notch auto repair at the BEST prices ... and to keep your vehicle running as well as possible to maximize your car or truck's value and fuel economy? Introducing a Spokane auto repair facility doing things a little differently; keeping their loyal customers coming back year in and year out by fixing cars and trucks the right way and backing it by a rock solid 12 MONTH FULL WARRANTY! Welcome to: Save More Automotive; a quality auto repair shop located in Spokane, WA that many of your neighbors have been trusting with their full service needs for over 20 years! Go from this.... ...to this Save More Automotive technicians are ASE Master Certified and take pride the work they perform. They have a passion for automotive technology and strive to be the BEST mechanics in the industry. Specializing in domestic AND import cars and trucks! Save More Automotive is your one stop shop for FULL SERVICE and REPAIR! WE FIX EVERYTHING! Auto Repair Home Certified Emissions Specialist Check Engine Light Engine Repair / Overhaul Engine Performance Transmission / Drive train Clutch Heating and Air Conditioning - A/C Vehicle Diagnosis Electrical Systems Alternator and Starter Tune Up Fuel Systems Brakes Alignment Tires Steering and Suspension 4x4 and Off Road Exhaust Systems / Muffler Preventative Maintenance Oil Change Batteries and EVERYTHING IN BETWEEN... Today's vehicles are more sophisticated than ever... By staying on the cutting edge with the most up to date diagnostic equipment  constantly training our staff for the newest automobile technology and repair strategies, we continue to offer our customers the same services as the dealer but at a much lower cost and much higher integrity. Do you enjoy sitting in boring waiting rooms while your car or truck is being serviced? YOU DON'T HAVE TO at Save More!!! Although we have a very comfortable waiting room, w e also offer a FREE local shuttle service to get you to where you need to go. We are also across the street from NorthTown Mall so you can shop while you wait! Free Online Quote OR CALL: (509) 482-SAVE 7 2 8 3  Special Offers Save More Blog brakes, tune up, oil change, engine repair, alignment, auto repair, spokane 