  Skip Menu Skip to Search Skip to Main Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Featured Content Skip to Footer   Return to Skip Menu Search Select Your Search Criteria Career Services VT People Enter your search here  Return to Skip Menu Main Navigation A-Z index FAQs Events Location Office hours Contact us Our staff Advising: walk-in | appts  Return to Skip Menu Main Content Arts | Fine Arts | Graphic Design | Performing Arts | Entertainment | Music Industry You are here: Career Services   Job  internship search guide  Websites with jobs, internships  career info   Career field menu  Arts | Fine Arts | Graphic Design | Performing Arts | Entertainment | Music Industry On this page: General: .com, .org, .net, etc. AND U.S. federal  state gov't depts  agencies Virginia Tech academic colleges, school, departments General: .com, .org, .net, etc.  U.S. federal  state goverment departments  agencies  Actor  Site.com  Casting notices, links to other resources.  AIGA  = was American Institute of Graphic Artists; now the professional association for design AIGA Design Jobs includes career resources: what is graphic design?; advice for getting started; a career guide. Job listings categories: professional, internships, pro bono.  Art Career Project.com  Includes information about a wide variety of careers in art and myths and realities about careers in art.  ArtJob.org  jobs, internships, fellowships, and other employment opportunities in all areas of the arts, including visual arts,  performing arts, commercial art and design firms, film, public arts agencies, academic arts departments, galleries, conferences,  commissions, non-profit organizations engaged in the arts and cultural policy, and more.  ArtJobs.artsearch.us  Types: full-time, part-time, contract.  Categories: arts  culture; education; library; museum and gallery; theatre; other.  Casting  Society of America.com  Career information about acting, industry links, more.  Current  Jobs in Art  Art education, graphic arts, illustration, advertising, arts admin,  more. Career Services pays a fee to give you access to this website: you must enter USER NAME=vt and PASSWORD=scc24061  Current  Jobs in Performing Arts  Music education, dance, theatre arts  drama, speech, voice,  cinema. Career Services pays a fee to give you access to this website: you must enter USER NAME=vt and PASSWORD=scc24061  EntertainmentCareers.Net  Jobs, internships, and career information. Search at studios, networks, production  companies, record companies, radio stations, VFX, animation, broadcasting.  Graphic Design Bids.com  Freelance and telecommute jobs and projects posted.   Graphic Design Jobs.org Search engine to find jobs by keyword and location; searches other job boards, employer career pages, newspapers and associations. About : member of the JustJobs.com family of job search engines with origins in 1997.  Guru.com  Find freelance work online, includes graphic design and multimedia, illustration and art, photography and videography, fashion and interior design.  John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts  See Education  Arts Management for internships and fellowships  National Assembly of State Arts Agencies.org State Arts Agency Directory  Depending on the state, the state agency may be a .org or a .gov  National Endowment for the Arts  See About Us  employment; includes information on volunteer internships  National Gallery of Art  See  Education  for internshps/fellowships: - internships (volunteer, graduate, and summer) and - fellowships (CASVA, conservation and curatorial)  Showbiz  Jobs.com  Search jobs by region, category, more; browse by company, industry.  Site quote: A career center dedicated to matching professional candidates and media enterprises since 1996. ... focus is on job disciplines that drive the entertainment business. Operations, accounting, finance, marketing, sales, legal, graphic arts, production, post-production, production management, internships and administration to name a few.  Smithsonian Institution , Washington, DC  See Interns to find detailed information on internships.  Browse to see 45 museums/centers/departments offering internship programs.  Internships by subject include art; history  culture; libraries, archives  preservation; professional services; science  research. Read the information to appreciate extent and variety of opportunities and compatible college majors.  Taubman Museum of Art, Roanoke, Virginia Summer and school-year Internships  Open to undergraduates and recent graduates who are passionate about the arts and curious about museum work. Project work in a department of interest: curatorial, education, development, or marketing.  Summer:  Ten-week full-time, paid/stipend.  Early March application deadline.  School-year: semester-long, flexible timing, approx. 8 hours/week; unpaid.  Theatre  Jobs.com  Jobs, internships, summer stock, audition notices,  more.  Virginia Commission for the Arts  Resources include Art Jobs, which is a list of resources to find art jobs  not just in Va.  Virginia Museum of Fine Arts , Richmond, Virginia  See Learn  College for internships and visual arts fellowships (graduate and undergraduate students) and other college student opportunities.  Summer internships (24 - 40 hours per week)  Fall or spring semester internships (8-12 hours per week)  Visual Nation.com Scroll down (below the annoying moving graphic) to see 197 careers related to visual arts.  WebJobs for Young Professionals | NicholasCreative.com/jobs  Categories: web graphic designer, web developer, multimedia designer, online marketing, other  Wolf  Trap Internship program  Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts, Vienna, Virginia. Meaningful hands-on training and experience in the areas of arts  administration, education, and technical theater. Extensive list  of internships related to a wide variety of academic subjects and  career interests.  Site quote: One of America's Top 100 Internships   The Princeton Review Virginia Tech academic colleges, schools, departments Why this list is here: Many academic departments and colleges provide career-related information, services and events; some post jobs/internships for students.  For a full list, see academic departments, by college, at Virginia Tech   Art History Major at Virginia Tech Within School of Visual Arts, in the College of Architecture  Urban Studies  Communication  Department at Virginia Tech  Within College of Liberal Arts and Human Sciences  Creative Technologies M.F.A. Program at Virginia Tech  Within School of Visual Arts, in the College of Architecture  Urban Studies  Music  Department at Virginia Tech Within School of Performing Arts  Cinema, in the College of Liberal Arts  Human Sciences  Studio Art Major at Virginia Tech Within School of Visual Arts, in the College of Architecture  Urban Studies  Theatre  and Cinema Department at Virginia Tech Within School of Performing Arts  Cinema, in the College of Liberal Arts  Human Sciences  Visual Arts, School of  Within College of Architecture  Urban Studies, at Virginia Tech  Visual Communication Design Major (formerly Graphic Design) at Virginia Tech  Within School of Visual Arts, in the College of Architecture  Urban Studies Return to Skip Menu Featured Content Websites with jobs, internships, career info: Return to main menu  career field list ABOUT WEBSITES WE LIST / LINK: Career Services does not own or maintain the websites linked on this page, and we have no control over their content.  We provide links as a service to Virginia Tech students. Want to suggest a site? Suggestions especially welcome from Virginia Tech faculty, staff, and students. Return to Skip Menu Footer Career Services | Smith Career Center | www.career.vt.edu Our Mission and Core Values Location Office hours Contact us Our staff Events FAQs A-Z index Advising: walk-in  appointments Practice interviews Request presentations Explore careers & majors Get experience Job search Plan for grad or prof school Grad student job search Services & resources FOR: EMPLOYERS Alumni Faculty-Staff Parents Page last updated 08/20/2012  Jobs at Virginia Tech Equal Opportunity Privacy Statement Principles of Community Acceptable Use Policy Accessibility  Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University 