 800-321-8173  Auto Lift Cables Auto Lift Equipment Auto Lift Parts Auto Lift Products - Misc Brake Lathe Repair Parts Compressed Air Repair Parts EDCV Evac Extrac Systems Exhaust System Products Fluid Delivery System Products Forestry Equipment Repair Parts Gasboy Consumer Series Repair Parts Hose Reels Hydraulic And Pipe Fittings Lubrication Equipment Repair Parts Marketing Kit For SVI Distributors Service Station Pump And Tank Products Tire Changer Repair Parts Vehicle Lifting Systems Wheel Balancer Accessories History Careers News Lift Safety Twin Post Newsletter  Auto Lift Parts For Every Lift... Repair Parts For Older Lifts, Production Parts for New Lifts If you own an auto lift or you manufacture them, SVI International should be on your speed dial. Because sooner or later, you'll need an automotive lift part for your auto, truck or bus lift. SVI is your answer with over 20,000 auto lift parts in stock for virtually every brand and model ever made  even the obsolete ones. Auto Lift Parts for Old  Obsolete Lifts Some lifts last longer than the companies that made them. This is where SVI shines. Bring us a challenge... a broken or worn out piece from a long-out-of-production lift... and we'll set you up with a replacement auto lift part as good as new. Even if your lift was manufactured 60 years ago, chances are good we'll have the right car lift part in stock or we will make it readily available. Why go to the huge expense of buying a whole new lift when your old lift can be brought back to life with some TLC and some SVI. Automotive Lift Parts for Current / New Lifts SVI doesn't just sell vehicle lift parts; we've been making them since 1977  for old lifts and for brand new ones. Distributors and lift owners come to us for custom made parts and many lift manufacturers even come to us for auto lift parts for their production runs. Three decades in business have taught us a thing or two about car and truck lift parts. Like how to make them just as good as brand name parts but at a much lower price. Our customers like that about us. Other Parts and Products We may be the car lift parts specialists, but you can also turn to us for many other automotive parts and products. Here is just a small sampling of our other products. Auto Lift Cables Auto Lift Equipment Auto Lift Parts Auto Lift Products - Misc Brake Lathe Repair Parts Compressed Air Repair Parts EDCV Evac Extrac Systems Exhaust System Products Fluid Delivery System Products Forestry Equipment Repair Parts Gasboy Consumer Series Repair Parts Hose Reels Hydraulic And Pipe Fittings Lubrication Equipment Repair Parts Marketing Kit For SVI Distributors Service Station Pump And Tank Products Tire Changer Repair Parts Vehicle Lifting Systems Wheel Balancer Accessories Same Day Shipping Across The US Your automotive lift is a vital part of your business. So we ship pronto to anywhere in the US and Canada, zipping your auto lift parts out to you the same day  the fastest order turnaround time in the industry. SVI International has three Ready Ship auto lift parts warehouses: Chicago, Baltimore and Los Angeles. Our expert staff will help you identify and order the parts you need, even the tricky ones. That's what we're here for!  Parts Search SVI International, Inc. is the lift industry's leading supplier of both parts used in the repair and production of all types of automotive lifts. Power Post Lifts No lift is more reliable or economical to operate than a Power Post in-ground lift SVI Exhaust System Products SVI exhaust removal products are used everywhere vehicle service is performed to keep service technicians safe. Sign up to our email newsletter and special offers. Your Email: Web Site Signups Sign Up Auto Lift Cables Auto Lift Equipment Auto Lift Parts Auto Lift Products - Misc Brake Lathe Repair Parts Compressed Air Repair Parts EDCV Evac Extrac Systems Exhaust System Products Fluid Delivery System Products Forestry Equipment Repair Parts Gasboy Consumer Series Repair Parts Hose Reels Hydraulic And Pipe Fittings Lubrication Equipment Repair Parts Marketing Kit For SVI Distributors Service Station Pump And Tank Products Tire Changer Repair Parts Vehicle Lifting Systems Wheel Balancer Accessories  Home | Products | Custom Requests | Company | Contact Us 2013 SVI International, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Warranty | Resources | Site Map Chicago Web Development  