 Printer Friendly 21,899,025 articles and books Periodicals Literature Keyword Title Author Topic Member login Username Password Rememberme Join us Forgot password?  The Free Library Entertainment/The Arts  Arts, visual and performing  School Arts  October 1, 2003 The Free Library Social Sciences  Education  School Arts  October 1, 2003 The Free Library  Date > 2003   October   1   School Arts  Integrating Art and Language Arts through Children's Literature. Debi Englebaugh. Westport, CT: Teacher Ideas Press/GreenwoodPublishing Group, Inc. (800-225-5800), 2003. Illus., softcover, 211 pp.,$25.00. This book explores the interesting concept of integrating artactivities that relate to well-known examples of children'sliterature children's literature, writing whose primary audience is children. See also children's book illustration. The Beginnings of Children's Literature The earliest of what came to be regarded as children's literature was first meant for adults. . Directed primarily to students in grades one through three,the book begins with explanations of more than fifty art techniques thatmay be integrated with almost any of the books listed in part two of thepublication. These art techniques cover the usual range of art activities foruse at the primary grade levels, along with several more challengingactivities such as batik batik (btk`) , method of decorating fabrics practiced for centuries by the natives of Indonesia. It consists of applying a design to the surface of the cloth by using melted wax. , suminogashi, and the use of a computer scannerto create images. Directions are minimal with a list of needed supplies relating to relating to relate prep  concernant relating to relate prep  bezĂźglich +gen , mit Bezug auf +acc sparse step-by-step directions. These technique listings arefollowed by suggestions for integrating lessons applying the techniquesto the content from more than 140 favorite children's books, mostpublished within the past decade. A sampling of books includes Charlotte's Web Charlottes Web story of a spider who saves a young girls pet pig. [Am. Lit.: E. B. White Charlottes Web ] See : Insect , Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Harold andthe Purple Crayon, and Tar Beach. Author's represented include EricCarle, Lois Ehlert, Leo Leo, in astronomy Leo [Lat.,=the lion], northern constellation lying S of Ursa Major and on the ecliptic (apparent path of the sun through the heavens) between Cancer and Virgo; it is one of the constellations of the zodiac. Lionni, Faith Ringgold, Shel Silverstein, J. K.Rowling Joanne "Jo" Murray nĂŠe Rowling OBE (born 31 July 1965), [2] who writes under the pen name J. K. Rowling , [3] is an English writer and author of the Harry Potter fantasy series. , Tomie DePaola, and many more. There is no reference to the book's contents, only the titleand author, a suggested art technique, a list of supplies and a sequenceof how-to instructions, usually listing no more than two or threesuggested procedures. Drawings related to the activity are sparselyinterspersed throughout the book. An interesting idea and resource thatwould have benefited from more supportive words and illustrations. COPYRIGHT 2003 Davis Publications, Inc. No portion of this article can be reproduced without the express written permission from the copyright holder. Copyright 2003, Gale Group. All rights reserved. Gale Group is a Thomson Corporation Company. Reader Opinion  Title: Comment: Article Details Printer friendly Cite/link Email Feedback Author: Anderson, Kent Publication: School Arts Date: Oct 1, 2003 Words: 260 PreviousArticle: Planning an Arts Centered School. NextArticle: Mona Lisa Mania--The Ultimate Online Tribute. Related Articles Literature Based Art and Music. Making the connection: children's books and the visual arts. LOCAL SCHOOLS BALANCE PHONICS WITH LITERATURE : MIXED METHOD HELPS YOUNG READERS. Visual tools for visual learners. Unlocking the imagination. Merging literacies: a case study. Crossing borders: the arts engage academics and inspire children. Announcing ICAF e.V. and UNESCO support. Creatively incorporating standards in the artroom. An arts-integrated approach for elementary level students. Publications by Name Publications by Date Authors Literature A-D E-O P-T U-Z before 1995 1995-1999 2000-2004 2005-2009 2010- A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Terms of use |Copyright  2013 Farlex, Inc. | Feedback | For webmasters | Submit articles 