 About Interstate Auto Auction Donated Vehicles Contact Us Directions How to buy at Auction Main Page How an Internet Auction works Bidder Agreement Auction Fees FAQ's Online Bidding Help How to view the auction online Owners Guided Tour Bidder Testimonials Auction Photo Clips Auction Video Clips Auction Bloopers Directions to our site in Salem, NH Contacting Interstate Auto Auction  SELL YOUR CAR Thank you for choosing Interstate Auto Auction (IAA) to assist you with selling your vehicle. We will present your vehicle for sale at one of our weekly public auctions where it will receive exposure to hundreds of potential buyers on our web site, at our live auction gallery in Salem, NH and through our popular online auction. How it works: In order to sell your vehicle at IAA, you will have to deliver it to our location at 20 Hampshire Road in Salem, NH. Along with the vehicle and keys, youll need to bring us the title and a $200 registration fee. Our office staff will evaluate your vehicle and give you an idea of how much your vehicle typically sells for at our auction. You will have the option of setting a minimum selling price (floor price). If your vehicle does not yield the desired floor price at the first auction, it may run in one additional auction. If it doesnt sell at either auction, your options are to take the vehicle back, or lower your floor price and try the process again. We divide our auction sale into two categories, Green Light and Red Light. A Green Light vehicle is defined as having a good running engine, transmission, and having no safety issues. A Red Light Vehicle may be in any condition, as we sell these vehicles AS-IS. A member of our staff will determine if your vehicle will run in the Green Light or Red Light sale. When you deliver the vehicle to the auction, we will have you fill out a Sell Your Car registration form. From there, we will take multiple photos and create a detailed description of your vehicle for publication on our web site and in our online and auction gallery catalogs. The auction will take place on Wednesday or Saturday. If your vehicle sells, a $40 Sellers Fee will be deducted from your check. You may pick up your check at the auction or we will mail the proceeds to you. Checks are available one week after the sale. * You may fill out the Request More Information form below and a staff member will contact you. Alternatively, you may simply deliver your vehicle to the auction and we will provide you with the Sell Your Car registration form to complete. We accept vehicle deliveries on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays. We can not accept vehicles on auction days, which are Wednesdays and Saturdays. If you have any questions about our Sell Your Car program, please contact us at 603-893-7777. *Note: All green light sales are subject to arbitration. Buyers who purchase your vehicle have the right to return the vehicle to IAA for reasons of engine or transmission failure. In the event that IAA agrees with the arbitration issue, the sale will be cancelled and no sale proceeds will be issued to the seller. All arbitration issues must be presented to IAA prior to issuance of sellers check About  us | Donate Your Vehicle | Public Auction  Catalog | Online  Car Auction Interstate Auto Auction blog | How to Buy at Auction | Recently  Sold Vehicles | Directions | Email  Sign-Up | Site Map | Contact us | Home | Towing  Interstate Auto Auction - NH Lic 5037 20 Hampshire Road | Salem NH 03079  Phone: 603-893-7777 | Fax: 603-893-7117 Email: carauction@comcast.net Click for Boston Area Auto Auction Directions Interstate Auto Auction 2005 