  Insurers Military Federal Careers Contact Us Site Map Get A Quote Vehicle Insurance Auto Motorcycle ATV RV Boat / PWC Commercial Auto Collector Auto Property Insurance Homeowners Renters Condo / Co-op Mobile Home Flood Other Umbrella Life Overseas Identity Theft Protection Collectibles Business Manage Your Policy Billing Make a Payment Vehicle Insurance Auto Motorcycle ATV RV Boat / PWC Commercial Auto Collector Auto Property Insurance Homeowners Renters Condo / Co-op Mobile Home Flood Other Umbrella Life Overseas Identity Theft Protection Collectibles Business Claims Center Report a Claim View a Claim Estimate  Repair Locations About the Claims Process About Auto Repair Xpress Catastrophe Center Information Center Product Information About Our Products Discounts State Specifics Billing Make a Payment Payment Options GEICO Programs Military Personnel Federal Employees Articles  Resources GEICO Publications Safety Information Insurance Terms Tools  Planners Car Buying  Financing Coverage Calculator Home Buying  Mortgages Life Event Planning About GEICO Contact Us Careers Mobile Apps Locations GEICO Local Agents Estimate  Repair Locations Vehicle Inspection Sites Partner with GEICO B2B Services GEICO Affiliate Program Sponsored Marketing About Our Company Corporate Information In the Community Press Releases Blogs  Social Media Marketing Commercials GEICO Websites GEICO Merchandise Home  Information Center  Car Buying And Financing Resources GEICO Car Buying Service Powered by TrueCar Ill take it to my manager. Make me an offer and Ill take it to my manager. Its one of those painful moments at the car dealer. Despite your best haggling, youre left scratching your head wondering if you got a good deal or, worse yet, red-faced knowing you didnt. Shop with the Gecko. The GEICO Car Buying Service is a free online tool that lets you compare the prices and specs of new and used vehicles. You can browse by make, model, cost, mileage, location, and get a price and your haggle-free Dealer Guaranteed Savings* before you even talk to a dealer. See savings on NEW cars Customers have seen an average savings of $2,973 off MSRP** Get your Dealer Guaranteed Savings Work with trusted dealers Search new cars View a wide range of USED cars See dealer-guaranteed prices Search an extensive inventory by make, model, price, etc. Get free CARFAX reports and/or warranties on select vehicles Search used cars Take a look under the hood. Here's how it works : See what others really paid for the new car you want and get market reports for used cars Get a price and your Dealer Guaranteed Savings on new cars before you even talk to a dealer and see dealer-guaranteed used car prices Save time and money and enjoy a hassle-free car buying experience The advanced online tools and in-depth Price Reports give you the information you need to buy with confidence. Buying a car can be a stressful experience, so the GEICO Car Buying Service has been designed to make this process as hassle-free as possible. Take our free car buying service for a spin. We've partnered with TrueCar, who carefully screens and selects dealers to provide you with an easier, friendlier experience. Kick the tires; this isn't just an internet service. Arrange for a test drive and check the availability of the car you configured online. Remember, there's no obligation to buy.Shop now with the tools you need so you can buy with confidence. SEE HOW MUCH YOU COULD SAVE!  Let's chat. Questions? Please call (877) 638-4127 to speak with one of our program representatives. There is no cost for the service and there is never any obligation to buy. Not ready to buy? Need more help? See our Car Buying And Financing Resources for information on buying a vehicle . When you click on the "GEICO Car Buying Service" link above, you will be taken to a TrueCar website that is not owned by GEICO. GEICO has no control over TrueCar's privacy practices and assumes no responsibility in connection with your use of its website. Any information that you provide directly to TrueCar is subject to the privacy policy posted on TrueCar's website . There are no participating dealers in Alaska or Hawaii. * Each dealer sets its own pricing. Your actual purchase price is negotiated between you and the dealer. Estimated Price and Savings currently not available in AR, CO, KS, MD, NE, OR, TX, VA, and WA. In these states, a "Target Price" is presented, which reflects a market-based example of what you can reasonably expect to pay for a vehicle configured with your desired options. ** Between 04/01/13 and 04/30/13, the average estimated savings off MSRP presented by TrueCar Certified Dealers to users of TrueCar powered websites based on user new vehicle configurations was $2,973, including applicable vehicle specific manufacturer incentives. Your actual savings may vary based on multiple factors including the vehicle you select, region, dealer, and applicable vehicle specific manufacturer incentives which are subject to change. The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price ("MSRP") is determined by the manufacturer, and may not reflect the price at which vehicles are generally sold in the dealer's trade area as not all vehicles are sold at MSRP. Contact Us Email Phone Mail Learn More Car Buying Resources Safety Information Insurance Terms Auto Coverage Explained Extra Protection Time to leave your parent's GEICO policy? Legal Privacy Policy Security Policy States of Operation Terms of Use Fraud Awareness NY Residents Get in Touch Contact Us Agent Locator B2B Services Accessibility Policy Associates  Retirees Just for Fun Commercials GEICO Blog GEICO Store Ringtones On the Web Mobile Apps Careers Magazine Other Sites Site Map Facebook Twitter YouTube  1996-2013 GEICO 