 This object may be found here Continue to  Learn how to disable this ad  This object may be found here Halo 4 and Skyfall On Mix'd Reviews! SECTIONS  Reviews  Videos  Images  Features  News  Movies  DVD  Music  Comics  Gear  Sports  Cars  Stars  Download Movies  Download TV CHANNELS Insider  Features  Video Features  Founders' Club Games  PC Games  PlayStation 2  PlayStation 3  Sony PSP  Xbox 360  Xbox Live  Nintendo Wii  Nintendo DS  Wireless  Retro  PC Downloads  Top Games  VE3D  Vault Network Entertainment  Movies  TV  DVD  Blu-ray  Music  Comics  Anime  Gear  Sports  Cars  Stars Cheats  Codes  PC Cheats  PS2 Cheats  PS3 Cheats  Xbox 360 Cheats  Wii Cheats  DS Cheats  Top Cheats  FAQs  Game Guides Club.IGN  Message Boards  Blogs  Lists  My Account GET GAMES AROUND THE WEB VE3D Your gaming news resource. Go GameSpy Gaming's multiplayer destination. Go more Marvel in December 2008 Dark Reign debuts under a cloud of mystery while What Ifs rock major events of the past. X4 Review Sports Night Weeds Finale Review Stage Kit Review Today on IGN The Killers Give Thanks Third studio album hitting before the holidays. The Desperate Avenger Housewife may be up for a role in a Marvel movie. From Manhattan With Love? A Quantum of rumors about 007's future. Smallville: The New LutherCorp Boss Cassidy Freeman talks. Week in Reviews Pushing Daisies (BD) The Love Guru The Mist (BD) Box Art Bonanza 09/16/08 Summer Slamming Bloody Mary's Avatar. Transformers Case New Megatron disc revealed. Vice Grips DVD Gripping thriller due. Weekly Reviews Invasion And King Raid your wallet. MacBook Rumors Coming This Month? Analyst Suggests Yes. IGN Digigods Podcast Ep. 53 Pacino & Myers. Tell-All Book Eminem's Mom She spills the beans. Latest Entertainment Updates All My Updates News Reviews Videos Images Features Updated 24 hours a day. All times Make this my default tab  DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 272 The Gods say farewell to 2012 with Total Recall, Trouble with the Curve and Resident Evil. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 271 The Gods split on The Bourne Legacy, roll their eyes at the latest Ice Age opus and praise Hope Springs and Brazil.  DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 270: Holiday Special Giveaways galore on our Holiday Show! Also, the Gods drool over boxed sets from Quentin Tarantino, Watchmen, Entourage, TMNT and Power Rangers plus special guests! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 269 Is it possible for Shia LaBeouf to not suck? Lawless has the answer. Plus, the Gods enjoy Paranorman and bow down to Charlie Brown! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 268 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows 1 and 2, Whitney Houston's final film and... Snowmageddon? DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 267 Lawrence of Arabia arrives on Blu-ray and it was worth the wait. Not worth the wait? The Watch and Brave. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 266 The Amazing Spider-Man swings onto Blu-ray! What do the Gods think? Also, Sunset Blvd. and a boxed-set of Javier Bardem's best.  DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 265 Stanley Kubrick's Fear and Desire makes its long-awaited home video debut. Also, Chernobyl Diaries, The Campaign and music from The Doors and Peter Gabriel. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 264 It's never too early to talk Halloween Blu-rays! That means Halloween II, Halloween III and Re-Animator! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 263 The Gods bow to the greatness of Moonrise Kingdom, Princess Bride and porn! Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 146 We will never clone dinosaurs, and Amazon will never make a dime selling Kindle Fires. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 262 The Gods take a Magical Mystery Tour with the Beatles, drive down Wall Street and wonder Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? Comics: IGN Assemble! #0 - From the Basement Joey and Erik record an epic episode together in person for the first time ever from Joey's parents' basement.  Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 145 The razor blade, the epic return of science news and duck-sized horses. Movies: Keepin' It Reel, Episode 185 Marvel, X-Men, Apes 2, Hunger Games, Skyfall, and more. TV: Channel Surfing Podcast, Episode 182 Dexter's season premiere, S.H.I.E.L.D. characters and WWE's recent storylines discussed! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 261 The Gods are enraged by Whit Stillman's Damsels in Distress, TV's Hart of Dixie and 90210 (they pretty much hate everything on The CW). DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 260 The Gods step up to the plate with two great baseball boxed sets and chow down on Raoul (listen and you'll know what we mean)! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 259 The Gods demand you purchase the Indiana Jones collection on Blu-ray! And don't forget Steve Martin's wild and crazy DVD collection. Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 144 iPhone 5 review, iOS 6 gripes, and we got presents! Comics: IGN Assemble! #56 - You've Been Dooped We talk the end of zero month, the end of Punisher, Doop's show stealing appearance, and more.  TV: Channel Surfing Podcast, Episode 181 Homeland dominates the Emmys, A Knight's Tale and Fargo come to TV, Last Resort arrives and more.  Comics: IGN Assemble! #55 - Reality Punches and Stuff We talk Daredevil, Spider-Men, Darth Vader, Captain America as president and more! Movies: Keepin' It Reel, Episode 184 The Hobbit, Apes 2, Robocop, Dredd, JLA, and 47 Ronin. Movies: Resident Evil: Retribution Set Visit Poor Alice. TV: Channel Surfing Podcast, Episode 180 Revolution and Mob Doctor's debut, Boardwalk Empire's return, HIMYM's uncertain future and more. Comics: IGN Assemble! #54 - Dinosaurs with Jetpacks We talk big AvX happenings, more zero month goodness, Rocketeer, dinosaurs, and more! Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 143 The crew talks Wii U, iPhone 5 and yes even more time travel. Movies: Keepin' It Reel, Episode 183 Marvel, Transformers 4, Trek 2, ID4, Pirates 5, Avatar & more! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 258 Snow White and the Huntsman is ready for your dismissal and the Gods enjoy four new Universal 100th Anniversary Blu-rays. Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 142 The crew talks new Kindles, absolutely bananas TV displays and more time travel talk . TV: Channel Surfing Podcast, Episode 179 We talk Joss Whedon's S.H.I.E.L.D. series, Wonder Woman's Amazon return and Breaking Bad's midseason finale! Comics: IGN Assemble! #53 - Zero to Hero We talk DC's zero month, digital comics mishaps, Hawkeye, Spider-Man, football vs. soccer (yep) and much more! Movies: Keepin' It Reel, Episode 182 The Hobbit, Iron Man 3, Avatar 4, God of War, Robocop & 007. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 257 The Gods dissect Two and a Half Men, 2 Broke Girls and two foreign classics. Plus, The Raid: Redemption rocks! Comics: IGN Assemble! #52 - The One Looking Back on 52 We take a long, hard look back at DC's seminal weekly series, 52. Movies: Keepin' It Reel, Episode 181 Batman, JLA, Robocop, Avengers, Metal Gear, and Ninja Turtles. Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 141 Apple sued Samsung, Apple won big. We talk specifics, and OnLive, and Neil Armstrong. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 256 The Gods announce the winner of their limerick contest, praise Quadrophenia and cry tears of sadness over Battleship. TV: First Footage Shown from Seth Green and Matt Senreich's Star Wars: Detours Animated Series May the comedy be with you.  Comics: IGN Assemble! #51 - Agoraphobia We talk Rocketeer, Scalped, Punisher, Joey's car accident, Spidey's 50th birthday, Before Watchmen, and more. Movies: Keepin' It Reel, Episode 180 Marvel movies, Rocketeer, Dark Tower, Tony Scott and more. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 255 Giveaway time! A party pack for The Dictator Blu-ray is up for grabs! It includes the Blu-ray, a t-shirt and other goodies! Plus, the Gods are split on The Hunger Games. Comics: IGN Assemble! #50 - Choking Hazard We talk Wonder Woman revelations, Saga, AvX, Rorschach, Uncanny X-Force, and more. Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 140 We answered loads of reader questions in this week's podcast. Did yours get answered? Movies: Keepin' It Reel, Episode 179 Expendables, Avengers 2, Daredevil, Man of Steel, Walking Dead. TV: Channel Surfing Podcast, Episode 178 Alphas' Azita Ghanizada guests to chat about what's to come on the series, including fallout from the big episode this week.  DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 254 The Gods go bonkers for three must-buy Blu-rays: Jaws, The Royal Tenenbaums and Full Metal Jacket. Gear: Tech Fetish Podcast Episode 139 Why Starbucks' deal with Square matters, why Nic isn't afraid of velociraptors and why we're excited about the Mars Curiosity rover. Comics: IGN Assemble! #49 - Fan-Fiction Valhalla We talk Batman, Spider-Men, Marvel NOW!, perfect 10s, Gambit, Fantastic Four, Punisher in space, and more!  TV: The Walking Dead: Season 3 Photos With season three in production, we now have a few new photos of Michonne, Rick Grimes, The Governor, and Merle Dixon. TV: Burn Notice: Season 6 Premiere Photos Michael Westen is back for another action-packed summer. In the premiere, he chases Anson while Fiona goes to prison. TV: Young Justice: "Depths" Pics Artemis rejoins the team to defend a critical satellite launch  but will her first mission back also be her last? TV: Game of Thrones: Season Finale Photos Get your first look at the highly anticipated season finale of Game of Thrones. TV: Arrow Image Oliver Queen gets ready for action.  MOVIES: New Django Unchained Photos Check out these new shots of Jamie Foxx, Christoph Waltz and Leonard DiCaprio from Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained. TV: New Green Lantern Pics Atrocitus wreaks vengeance on Oa, as the Red Lantern armada crosses into Green Lantern space  with only Kilowog to stop them. TV: Young Justice: "Beneath" Pics Jaime Reyes searches for a missing friend, while Miss Martian, Batgirl, Bumblebee and Wondergirl return to Bialya to discover what lies beneath. MOVIES: New Dark Knight Rises Posters New domestic and international one-sheets for Niolan's final Batman film. TV: New Game of Thrones Photos Get a look at the next two episodes with these brand-new stills from HBO. TV: Supernatural Season Finale Photos In Friday's finale, the Winchesters work with Castiel, Bobby, Meg and Kevin to bring down Dick Roman. TV: Nikita: "Homecoming" Photos In Friday's intense season finale, Nikita and Michael invade Division in an attempt to capture Percy. TV: Community Finale Photos Gear up, Greendale fans. It's Community finale night and we've got photos of all THREE of tonight's new episodes. TV: The Carrie Diaries Photos AnnaSophia Robb stars as a 16-year-old Carrie Bradshaw, the familiar character from HBO's Sex and the City. TV: Photo of The CW's Cult Get your first look at Prison Break's Robert Knepper in this new CW series. TV: Emily Owens, M.D. Photos Mamie Gummer stars as the titular character, a new doctor who realizes working in a hospital is not unlike being in high school. TV: Beauty and the Beast Photo Kristin Kreuk and Jay Ryan star in The CW's new series, Beauty and the Beast. TV: Arrow Photo Stephen Amell stars as Oliver Queen in The CW's new series, Arrow. TV: Photos of ABC's Neighbors ABC's new comedy centers on a community of aliens who have taken up residence in the US and are awaiting instructions from home. TV: Malibu Country Photos Check out Reba McEntire's new comedy. TV: How to Live with Your Parents (For the Rest of Your Life) Photos Sarah Chalke stars as Polly, a recently divorced single mom who moves in with her eccentric parents. MOVIES: Anchorman 2 Gets a Poster More of The Legend of Ron Burgundy! TV: Photos of The Family Tools Kyle Bornheimer stars in ABC's new family comedy about a guy who takes over the family handyman business. TV: Zero Hour Photos Anthony Edwards stars as a paranormal junkie who gets wrapped up in a vast, compelling mystery when his wife is abducted. TV: Partners Photo Partners is a new comedy about two life-long best friends and business partners whose "bromance" is tested when one of them is engaged to be married. TV: Made in Jersey Photo Janet Montgomery stars as a young working class woman who uses her street smarts to get a leg up on her colleagues. TV: Vegas Photos Dennis Quaid and Michael Chiklis star in this new CBS drama about Vegas in the 1960s. TV: Elementary Cast Photo Elementary stars Jonny Lee Miller as detective Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson in a modern-day retelling of Sherlock Holmes. TV: Red Widow Photos Radha Mitchell stars as the widow of a recently-assassinated criminal syndicate leader who is forced to take over and protect her family. TV: Nashville Photos Connie Britton and Hayden Panettiere star as two country singers whose careers are on two very different trajectories. TV: Photos of Mistresses Alyssa Milano stars in ABC's new sultry drama about a group of women caught in storms of excitement and self-discovery, secrecy and betrayal. TV: Last Resort Photos Andre Braugher headlines the cast of this new ABC drama about an American submarine crew that becomes the enemy of the US. TV: 666 Park Avenue Photos Terry O'Quinn and Vanessa Williams star in ABC's new drama about an odd building with supernatural forces. TV: Photos of The Goodwin Games Becki Newton, Scott Foley, and Jake Lacy star as siblings who inherit their late father's fortune -- if they agree to his crazy terms. TV: The Following: Photos Kevin Bacon stars as an FBI profiler chasing the minions of a serial killer he had previously captured in this new FOX thriller. TV: Photos of The Mob Doctor Jordana Spiro stars as a doctor who juggles her promising medical career with her lifelong debt as a doctor to Chicago's Southside mob. TV: Ben and Kate Photos Dakota Johnson and Nat Faxon star in this new comedy as odd-couple sibblings who are forced to move in with one another. TV: The Mindy Project: Photos Get your first look at Mindy Kaling's new comedy on FOX. TV: Green Lantern: "Flight Club" Pics The Green Lanterns travel to a prison asteroid to find a legendary code that holds the key to crossing an impenetrable asteroid barrier called. TV: Young Justice: "Alienated" Images The Team and the Justice League continue to hunt the Kroloteans that have invaded earth  but the aliens have help from an unexpected source. TV: Fringe Season Finale Photos Sci-Fi icon Leonard Nimoy returns to guest-star in the highly-anticipated season finale. TV: Supernatural: "There Will Be Blood" Photos In order to defeat Dick Roman and the Leviathans, Sam and Dean set out to locate three key items and come up against some familiar obstacles. TV: Nikita: "Crossbow" Photos When Percy calls the President the United States and threatens to set off a nuclear explosion, Nikita and the team look to bring him down. TV: True Blood Character Posters Get a look at these sweet new character posters. Season 5 debuts on HBO on June 10th. Mark your calendars. TV: The Office: "Free Family Portrait Studio" Photos Andy goes undercover as a janitor and stages a takeover. And a new business opportunity arises for Robert California. TV: The Vampire Diaries: Season Finale Pics Bonnie makes a secret deal that has heartbreaking consequences in the finale. TV: Community: "Curriculum Unavailable" Photos Abed becomes convinced that there is a conspiracy afoot and that Dean Pelton is an imposter. TV: Photos of The Big Bang Theory Season Finale When Howard and Bernadette decide they want to be married before his NASA launch, the gang rushes to put on a wedding. TV: Spartacus: Season 3 Boot Camp Images The Spartacus cast gets ready for the new season in these behind-the-scenes images.  TV: The New Normal Photos Get your first look at this new NBC comedy about a blended family of a gay couple and the woman who becomes a surrogate to help them start a family.  DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 272 The Gods say farewell to 2012 with Total Recall, Trouble with the Curve and Resident Evil. DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 271 The Gods split on The Bourne Legacy, roll their eyes at the latest Ice Age opus and praise Hope Springs and Brazil.  DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 270: Holiday Special Giveaways galore on our Holiday Show! Also, the Gods drool over boxed sets from Quentin Tarantino, Watchmen, Entourage, TMNT and Power Rangers plus special guests! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 269 Is it possible for Shia LaBeouf to not suck? Lawless has the answer. Plus, the Gods enjoy Paranorman and bow down to Charlie Brown! DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 268 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows 1 and 2, Whitney Houston's final film and... Snowmageddon? DVD: IGN Digigods Podcast Episode 267 Lawrence of Arabia arrives on Blu-ray and it was worth the wait. Not worth the wait? The Watch and Brave. Sign up for Entertainment RSS Feed Recently Released Upcoming Releases Entertainment Texas Chainsaw 3D Cosmopolis Cosmopolis (Blu-ray) Mardock Scramble: The Se... Mardock Scramble: The Se... Justified - The Complete... Justified - The Complete... Looper Looper (Blu-ray) The Stand Entertainment An Idiot Abroad - Season... Archer - The Complete Se... Archer - The Complete Se... Dallas (2012) - The Comp... Doctor Who: Shada Dredd (Blu-ray + DVD + D... Dredd (DVD + Digital Copy) Driving Miss Daisy (Blu-... Enlightened - The Comple... Enlightened - The Comple...  Promotions and Sweepstakes IGN Australia and MySpace Australia Competitions Writer of the Month ChaosDemon gets the nod for giving us a hand. Dolphin Olympics Squeeeee eee ee aaa EEEaa ee EEEE eeeeeh! More Promotions and Sweepstakes   IGN Spoiler Alert Dead Space ending. Advance Screening Final Fantasy XIII. FFXIII Masterbit Uncut HD footage. Most Popular Based on recent user activity All IGN Games Entertainment 1 Star Trek Into Darkness Release: May 17, 2013 2 Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 3 Assassin's Creed 3 4 0x10c 5 Prometheus 6 2 Guns 7 Halo 4 8 Skyrim 9 Community 10 Django Unchained 1 Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Published by: Activision Developed by: Treyarch Release: November 13, 2012 2 Assassin's Creed 3 3 0x10c 4 Halo 4 5 Skyrim 6 GTA 5 7 Pokemon Black 2 8 Meriwether 9 Dishonored 10 Ace of Spades More Games  1 Star Trek Into Darkness Release: May 17, 2013 2 Prometheus 3 2 Guns 4 Community 5 Django Unchained 6 Da Vinci's Demons 7 Iron Man 3 8 Bates Motel 9 Spartacus 10 Texas Chainsaw 3D More Entertainment   This object may be found here This object may be found here 