  OLD SWF    Options Optional Mopar  Vehicle     Protection Plans Certified Added Care Certified Added Care Plus Certified Maximum Covered Components   Accessories Mopar Accessories   To get started, please enter your ZIP code:   Arriving in style isn’t just an option. It’s a necessity. And substance? We’ve got plenty. Every Chrysler, Jeep ® , Dodge, and Ram Certified Pre-Owned Vehicle (CPOV) has to pass our stringent certification process guaranteeing that only the finest vehicles get certified. And every vehicle undergoes a rigorous 125-point inspection and a thorough reconditioning process using Authentic Mopar Parts.  Add to that a 3-Month/3,000-Mile Maximum Care Limited Warranty (1) , up to  7-Years/100,000-Mile Powertrain factory-backed Limited Warranty (2) , 24-Hour Towing and Roadside Assistance (3) , Car Rental Allowance (4) , CARFAX ® Vehicle History Report TM , and an introductory 3-month subscription to SiriusXM Satellite Radio (5) and you don’t have just any used vehicle, you’ve got one that’s Certified .   And here is something you won’t find from any other manufacturer: Available Lifetime Upgrade Plans (6) for Certified Pre-Owned Chrysler, Jeep ® , Dodge and Ram vehicles. That’s right. A plan that will cover your CPOV for as long as you own it! No repair bills ever (7) , just worry-free motoring for as long as you own the vehicle. Download Consumer Brochure PDF (1) 3-Months/3,000-Miles (whichever comes first). Maximum Care Limited Warranty runs from the date of sale of the vehicle or at the expiration of the 3/36 Basic Warranty. For more details and a copy of the limited warranties, see your dealer or call 1-800-677-5782. (2) 7-Years/100,000-Miles (whichever comes first) for 2010 model year and newer vehicles or 6-Years/80,000-Miles (whichever comes first) for 2009 model year and earlier vehicles. Powertrain Limited Warranty runs from the date vehicle was sold as new. A deductible may apply. See dealer for details. (3) Administered by Cross Country Motor Club, Inc., Medford, MA 02155. You must call 1-800-521-2779 for prior authorization to receive these benefits. (4) With Rental Car Coverage, Chrysler Group LLC will reimburse you up to $35 per day for a rental vehicle ($175 maximum per occurrence) any time if: A) a component fails and the component is covered by the 6-Years/80,000-Mile or the 7-Years/100,000-Mile CPOV Powertrain Limited Warranty, B)any coverage is under the New Vehicle Basic Limited Warranty, C) the vehicle is inoperable because of the failure and D) repairs take overnight. Car Rental Allowance coverage is not provided where loaner vehicle coverage is provided by the warranty or the dealer. (5) Three-month SiriusXM Satellite Radio trial only available on vehicles already equipped with a satellite-enabled radio. See your dealer for more details. SiriusXM Satellite Radio requires a subscription, sold separately after trial subscription included with vehicle purchase. Prices and programming are provided by Sirius XM Radio Inc. (“SiriusXM”) and are subject to change. See SiriusXM Customer Agreement for complete terms at www.siriusxm.com. SiriusXM satellite service is available only to those at least 18 and older in the 48 contiguous United States, D.C. and Puerto Rico (with coverage limitations). (6) Eligible vehicles include Chrysler, Jeep®, Dodge, and Ram vehicles with an active 3-Month/3,000-Mile Maximum Care Limited Warranty, 6-Years/80,000-Mile or 7-Years/100,000-Mile CPOV Powertrain Limited Warranty with a maximum of 74,999 miles at the time of purchase. For Lifetime coverage beyond powertrain (Added Care Plus and Maximum Care plans), eligible vehicles must be within 48 months of the in-service date and maximum 48,000 miles. Lifetime Certified Upgrade Plans exclude Dodge Viper and all SRT® vehicles, as well as vehicles used for police service, taxi, limousine, postal delivery or ambulance service. A deductible may apply. For more details and a copy of the limited warranties, see your dealer or call 1-800-677-5782. Warranty is non-transferable; exceptions apply; see dealer for details. (7) A deductible per covered repair may apply. See dealer for details. 2012 Chrysler Group LLC. All rights reserved. Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Ram, Mopar and SRT are registered trademarks of Chrysler Group LLC. CARFAX and the CARFAX logo are registered trademarks of CARFAX, Inc. SIRIUS, XM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of SIRIUS XM Radio Inc. and its subsidiaries.  The information on this website is intended to provide only an outline of the coverages, benefits and exclusions regarding Mopar Vehicle Protection Plans as offered and issued by Chrysler Group LLC or a Chrysler subsidiary. FL Lic. #65505. CA Lic. #0G94472. Services/component repairs made prior to the purchase of a plan are not covered. Complete details and coverage are provided in the Plan Provisions. All transactions relating to any plan are governed solely by the Plan Provisions of the purchased plan. Chrysler Group Service Contracts LLC (CGSC LLC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Chrysler Group LLC. Your Plan is sold and administered by CGSC LLC if you purchased your Plan in: Florida, Hawaii, Maine, Mississippi, Montana, Oregon, Puerto Rico, Texas, Virginia, Washington or Wyoming. Your Plan is sold and administered by CGSC LLC if your Plan covers a Chrysler Group vehicle and you purchased your plan in: New Mexico. Your Plan is sold and administered by CGSC LLC if your Plan covers a non-Chrysler Group vehicle and you purchased your Plan in: Alabama, California, Illinois, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, South Carolina, Utah or Vermont. Privacy | International | Site Map ©2013 Chrysler Group LLC. All rights reserved. Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Ram, Mopar and SRT are registered trademarks of Chrysler Group LLC. All rights reserved. CARFAX and the CARFAX logo are registered trademarks of CARFAX, Inc. SIRIUS, XM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of SiriusXM Radio Inc. All rights reserved. 