 Skip to main content Agero Cross Country Automotive Services and ATX Group are now Agero. Learn More Home Careers Contact Us AgeroSupport for Service Providers About Agero Agero What’s best for your business is what’s best for your customers. Which is what we do. Our proven solutions integrate industry-leading technologies and deliver what you need to know to assist customers in their moment of need. So you can provide exactly what’s required in each case. Quickly. Simply. Safely. More More History The Cross Country Automotive and ATX Group Legacy Awards Management Team Careers Products  Services Connected Vehicle The safest, easiest, most comprehensive solutions in the market. Roadside Assistance Our network protects over 75 million motorists each year. Claims Management Our robust network manages the chaos so you can focus on the customer. More Field Information Services Consumer Affairs Consumer Perks News  Events Latest News Release 08.15.2013 Agero, Inc. to Divest its Connected Vehicle Services Division to SiriusXM Radio Inc. More Media Mentions Talks  Videos Online Media Kit About Agero History 1972 Cross Country Motor Club receives licenses to operate and begins selling motor clubs in the Boston region and beyond. 1977 Cross Country provides motor club program to first automotive distributor. 1981 Cross Country creates a new industry approach by signing up the first national automobile manufacturer for warranty roadside programs. 1984 Cross Country national dispatch network created. 1986 Cross Country creates the first national motorcycle program for roadside benefits. 1988 Cross Country wins Call Center of the Year Award for Excellence. 1989 Cross Country develops and launches the first of its kind comprehensive owner assistance program, providing concierge and roadside benefits. 1990 Cross Country creates the first seamless North American roadside assistance network, combining Canadian and Mexican services for U.S. consumers. 1992 Cross Country introduces dispatched roadside assistance to the insurance industry. 1993 Cross Country administers its first fully outsourced consumer affairs program for the automotive industry. 1994 Cross Country develops the first OEM roadside assistance program for physically challenged motorists. 1996 Cross Country supports its first client with connected vehicle (telematics) services. 2000 Cross Country introduces an industry leading service provider billing and performance portal. 2001 Cross Country introduces closed-loop technology to follow-up with drivers requiring assistance. 2005 Cross Country launches its comprehensive suite of accident management claims services. 2006 Cross Country introduces industry-leading electronic dispatch software to the service provider community. 2007 Cross Country expands its reach internationally with strategic investments in China, providing motorists with a full range of auto and travel-related services. 2008 Cross Country acquires ATX Group, provider of connected vehicle services. 2008 ATX Group enrolls one millionth subscriber in their connected vehicle programs. 2010 ATX Group introduces iRoute™, a downloadable app that extends access to connected vehicle services beyond the dashboard and Web portals to vehicle owners’ smartphones. 2010 Cross Country introduces Automatic Location Spotting, which can quickly and precisely locate motorists requesting roadside assistance even when they’re not sure where they are. 2010 ATX Group enrolls two millionth subscriber in their connected vehicle programs. 2010 ATX Group launches electric vehicle wireless support programs. 2011 Cross Country introduces Roadside Connect™, a smartphone and Internet accessible site that provides motorists with real-time status updates of en-route roadside assistance providers. 2011 Cross Country launches the nation’s first electric vehicle (EV) mobile charger. 2011 Agero is introduced as the new combined brand of Cross Country and ATX, reflecting its position as the most dominant player in the combined connected vehicles services, roadside assistance, and claims management market. About Agero Overview History The Cross Country Automotive and ATX Group Legacy Awards Management Team Careers Contact Us Serving over 75 million customers annually while maintaining our clients’ standards of excellence . An Impressive Legacy Born from two of the most trusted and technology-enabled names in the business. A Cross Country Group Company Agero, Inc. © Copyright 2013 Media Inquiries Site Map Terms of Service Privacy Policy 