 Find Your Local Maaco  Reshape Your Future Maaco expertly does away with dents, dings, and accidental damage. Our standards are simple: repair cars so expertly that no one can tell they were ever in an accident. We guarantee our auto body repair work. And with over one million cars serviced annually, our results speak for themselves. Raising the Bar Maaco uses original manufacturer parts, factory specs, and precision assembly to  rebuild damaged cars. Cars are designed more safely today than ever before. Maaco's collision repair services carefully and expertly rebuild crash design into your car. Your car's performance (how it steers, handles, operates) and appearance will be restored to pre-accident condition. Committed to Value If you're looking for increased value, Maaco can install used or aftermarket parts.  Our auto body repair experts will help find a solution that fits your budget. Surface Repair In many cases, a car's existing finish provides an excellent surface for new paint.  However, often times a car will need extra attention before the new paint can be  applied. Painting over chips and scratches can intensify the problem. At Maaco, we surface sand your car to ensure proper paint adhesion. Some surface damage such as cracking, peeling or excessive chipping can only be  corrected by completely removing of the old finish or paint. Cracks and peeling  require stripping since they penetrate to the bare metal and sanding alone is not  enough. Dent Repair At Maaco, all of our repairs start with top tier metalworking technique. Body fillers  cover minor defects that can remain after the damage has been straightened. Proper welding is critical to car repair. Replacement parts must be welded with updated MIG welding techniques and equipment to protect their structural integrity. Bumper Repair or Replacement Depending on your car, and your plans for it, you may need to remove or repair the  bumper. Doing this guarantees the best paint coverage, prevents any overspray on  the car, and ensures there will be no paint bridging the gap between the bumper  and the rest of the car. Our experienced technicians repair peeling, torn and dented bumpers for much less  than other auto body repair shops. We expertly paint match the color of your bumper,  using the highest quality paints to keep it looking like new. Maaco's standard practice is to use only original equipment (OE) parts. In some cases - if the car is older, if OE parts aren't available or if you or your insurance company want to economize - we can provide either used or aftermarket parts. Find a Maaco Near You Want to see the potential in your car? There’s a Maaco waiting to show you. Contact Us | Refer a Friend | Fleet | Franchise Opportunities | Real Estate | Insurance | Maaco Canada | News | Privacy Policy  2013 MAACO Franchising, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 