  Performers For Every Occasion (206) 547-0990 Home Page Featured Performers Entertainment Types What Our Customers Say Contact Us Hawaiian Dancers  Music Dance Bands Mariachi Bands Karaoke Hosts Featured Performers the Beatniks Definitive '60s and '70s:Music From the Cultural Revolution The Beatnik history can be traced back to the steamy coffee shops and poetry dens of Soho, in New York's Greenwich Village. Today, the Beatnik legacy lives on in four young men who adhere to the ideology that music is more than a mere background for our lives. They perform the music of the 60's & 70's (and 80's, too) with an energy and passion that you won't find anywhere else. Capturing the essence of the music with their Charisma, Chemistry and Natural Talent is why people all over the world are devoted fans of the band. Since their explosive debut in the early 90s, the Beatniks have been pleasing Audiences ranging in age from eight to eighty with their signature energy, classic sound and Vigorous stage presence. With over 5,000 performances since their inception, they have Headlined shows that have drawn crowds of 35,000 people, and have proven to be the Largest drawing bands, consistently selling out the venues they play. Variety Pack Variety Pack was formed in 1990 by Jennifer Ivester and her husband Mark. Since that time the band has played hundreds of engagements- weddings, corporate parties, and conventions- in the Puget Sound area. They were the house band on the Spirit of Puget Sound boat for four years, working six nights a week. This experience together, as well as the band's excellent musicianship, has made Variety Pack on of the tightest variety bands around. JENNIFER IVESTER, lead vocalist, has toured the world with the Larry Elgart big band, whose album Hooked On Swing, is the biggest selling swing album of all time. She is also a widely recorded studio musician whose work is currently heard on five major Seattle stations as well as hundreds of others across the United States. Her husband MARK is also a first call studio musician in the Seattle area. The drummer has worked with Mel Torme, Charlie Byrd, Mose Allison, and many other nationally and internationally known musicians. Bass player DOUGLAS BARNETT plays with many local groups. Nationally he has been heard with The Temptations, Deniece Williams, and The Drifters. Keyboard player TOM KELLOCK has toured with Melissa Manchester, Manhattan Transfer, and Al Jarreau. As well as being accomplished instrumentalists, the members of Variety Pack all sing both lead and backup vocals. Together they bring expertise and experience unmatched by other Seattle bands to your party The Islanders Steel Band The Islanders steel band is led by Bob Quarless, who has been a professional steel drummer since 1979. His career has included a nine year stint working for Carnival Cruises and appearance for Queen Elizabeth II and President Ronald Reagan.Bob moved to the Pacific Northwest in 1988 and formed the Islanders, a three piece steel band, then. The Islanders are one of the only full time steel bands in the Pacific Northwest. They have played in Washington, Oregon, and California and have worked for all the major hotels, ski resorts, and cruise ship companies in the Pacific Northwest. The band's three members play steel drums and sing and play along with midi tracks that include bass lines, trap set, etc. to produce a full sound. Their repertoire includes both traditional steel drum band music and reggae. Chris Alpine As a professional comedian, Chris has excelled at every level in every venue. Whether it's a corporate event, comedy club, military tour, cruise line, television program, or a personal appearance, Chris delivers laughs every time. A Northwest native, Chris still makes his home in Seattle but travels the world making people laugh. His travels have taken him to Iraq, Kuwait, Japan, Australia, Italy, Greece, and Turkey. He's an accomplished film director, author, and producer but his first love is and always will be standup comedy. He's versatile, adaptable, and hysterical. When your event needs some punch, let Chris deliver the knockout. Toby Wessel Toby Wessel performs his award winning magic shows for thousands of children, families, and corporations every year. A professional magician for the last 25 years, Toby counts among his clients Microsoft, Boeing, the Seattle Supersonics, AT & T, First Mutual Bank, Pacific Science Center along with literally hundreds of other companies. He has appeared on the internationally viewed PBS television special, The Art of Magic. Toby received the Parents Award from Seattle's Child/ Eastside Parent magazine for his work with children. He is versatile-strolling, doing closeup magic, and standup shows for audiences of all ages. Mariachi Fiesta Mexicana Group created in 1988, since then many different musicians have been part of this musical organization. They perform mostly in the greater Seattle area. Paco Garay leader has been the pillar for this group since it started. They are by far one of the most popular Mariachi groups in the greater Seattle area. The group ( all of Mexican desent ), have played for hundreds of weddings, nightclubs, restruants, fairs, corporate events etc. and have entertained thousands of people. If you have an event coming up and you need a great Mariachi Group give us a call at the number below or simply send us an email and we will respond ASAP.If you can't fit the seven piece group into your buget,they also feature a duo and a trio. Happy Hans' Band Happy Hans was born in a small village (Lanersbach) in the Tyrolean Alps, where he grew up singing, yodeling and playing old Austrian tunes. Although Happy Hans, Sr. is no longer with us, the band continues on under the leadership of Happy Hans, Jr. Hans, Jr., born in Seattle, started playing in the band at 11 years old. He is multi-talented with his ability to play the button-box accordion, trumpet and can yodel with the best of them. Rolf Sellhast, the drummer, comes from Kassel, Germany. His happy beat is an asset to the group. The OOM-PAH of the group comes from our tuba player, Bert MacDonald. He is originally from Minnesota and truly enjoys playing. Kory Tideman on the button-box accordion adds harmony to the group with his rich Scandinavian background. Happy Hans has been together for over 30 years and has played all over the Northwest. Although they specialize in Oktoberfest, they play a wide variety of European/American music. They liven up any party and remember...No home is a happy home without Happy Hans' Music. Email:  Copyright 2010, Solomon Arts and Entertainment. This page last updated: Sunday May 30, 2010 Site design by RainPlanet Visit Mark's Seattle Cheese Making Classes Web Site 