   AutoNation direct - Car Buying Program Have an expert Personal Auto Shopper provide you upfront information. Let us do the work: 1.888.263.7575  Home Lifestyle Advisor Tools  Tips My Account Finance Sell Us Your Car  Login Password [Login Button] Forgot your password? I would like to register.  About Us Who is AutoNation Direct? AutoNation Direct is a subsidiary of AutoNation, Inc. --- America’s Largest AutoRetailer. AutoNation Direct is exclusive to corporate buying programs, offeringa simple and easy means of researching, locating and acquiring a vehicle withoutthe hassle, negotiations or games often played when purchasing a vehicle. Best ofall, you can do this from the convenience of your home or office. Personal Auto Consultants are designated to assist you in finding the perfect vehicle,any make or model new or pre-owned, handle your trade-in, and assist in financingbut most important make your buying experience easy and convenient, like it shouldbe! AutoNation is America’s largest automotive retailer, on and off the web. It hasnearly 350 franchises in several states. AutoNation stores consistently rank nearthe top of independent measures of on-line buyer satisfaction by providing all userswith an intelligent buying decision. AutoNation gives you control over the vehicle-buyingexperience. The following are common questions and answers. Click any question to jump downto its answer. If you have a question that you don’t find answered here, please contact us. Shopping and Buying Process Vehicle Pricing Vehicle Inventory Listings Trade-Ins Shopping and Buying Process What are the steps in the Shopping Process? Look through our vast vehicle inventory or better yet, tell us about the vehicleyou want and we can do the searching for you right up front. You’ll be contactedusually within two hours by a Personal Auto Consultant who will answer your questions,locate a specific vehicle, provide you pricing, trade value and arrange for a viewand ultimately take delivery of your car. Who is the contact? Every AutoNation Direct customer deals directly with a specialized, trained PersonalAuto Consultant to help guide you through the auto buying process. Auto Consultants arebased at AutoNation Corporate -- not at remote call centers -- so they have directaccess to vehicle available through the pace of the sales process --- online andoffline. I’m not interested in haggling over price. How can I be sure I’m getting a greatdeal? The days of horse trading are over. By leveraging the power of America’s largestretailer we have pre-negotiated competitive pricing eliminating your need to negotiateor haggle. How long does it take to get a vehicle once the request has been submitted? Once an on-line vehicle request has been submitted, getting your vehicle can rangefrom the same day to several days based on vehicle availability and the area ofthe country you are in. How do I select options on the vehicle? You can specify your preferred vehicle options when submitting an on-line vehiclerequest, or at any point after. Is an on-line deposit required? A deposit is not required to receive specific pricing or inventory information on-line.A refundable deposit is only required to hold a vehicle. Where can I take delivery of the vehicle? Delivery of your vehicle will take place at an AutoNation dealer or, if you prefer,may be delivered to your home or office. Am I obligated to purchase the vehicle once I've submitted an on-line vehicle request? An online vehicle request does not obligate you to buy anything. By submitting yourrequest, you are asking our Personal Auto Guide to contact you to assist you andanswer your questions. You are free to stop contact at anytime with no obligations. What if I don’t like the vehicle, can I bring it back? Yes. AutoNation Direct gives you a 3-Day or 150 Mile Money Back Guarantee on anyAutoNation owned new or certified used vehicle. So, whatever the reason and thevehicle is brought back in the same condition, AutoNation Direct will take the vehicleback. No fees. No problem. What kinds of warranties are available on used vehicles? You can buy with confidence. Every Certified Used Vehicles come with the manufacturer’slimited powertrain warranty or AutoNation’s sixty (60) day, no deductible, powertrainlimited warranty. Your Personal Auto Consultant has all of the details. Vehicle Pricing How can AutoNation Direct offer such low Prices? AutoNation is America's largest automotive retailer both on and off the web. Wesell more cars than any other auto retailer and have lower costs. Your corporatebuying power along with our efficiency helps lower overhead, and the savings canbe passed on to you; and - unlike online car buying services or referral services- we are NOT a brokerage or a referral service that ADDS additional cost to thesales process. What is the real vehicle selling price? Vehicles listed on the site have been specially priced with a low, no-haggle sellingprice. This price is generally the lowest price that we are willing to sell thevehicle for to an on-line buyer. By eliminating the need to negotiate, you are freeto review product specifications and make real price trade-offs without the needto waste time haggling. This makes shopping more pleasant and usually affords bettervalue. Are there other costs? Typically the selling prices listed do not include state and local sales tax, handlingcharges and rebates or incentives. Since these amounts vary by city, state, consumer,and date, it is not possible to show them on the site. It is always best to contactus to get a specific ''all-in'' price for the vehicle chosen. What is a dealer invoice? A dealer invoice, also called a factory invoice, is the bill an automobile manufacturersends to a dealer for a particular vehicle the dealer acquires for the purpose ofselling. A genuine dealer invoice always shows the name of the manufacturer, thename of the original dealer who ordered it (name may be different from the dealershipthat the customer is visiting due to dealer trades/inventory balancing etc.), andthe vehicle's identification number, or VIN. Listed on a dealer invoice are thecharges the dealer must pay the manufacturer for a vehicle, and also the price thatthe manufacturer recommends that the dealer charge consumers when selling the vehicle. Is invoice price the same as dealer cost? No, invoice price is different from dealer cost. Dealer cost is comprised of invoiceprice plus additional expenses associated with selling the vehicle. These addedcosts include interest (''flooring charges'') the dealer pays to finance the purchaseof a vehicle from the manufacturer, vehicle insurance, sales commissions, and dealeradvertising and other business-related costs. The longer a car remains unsold ona dealer's lot or in a showroom, the greater the dealer cost for the vehicle. What is a destination charge? Delivery or "destination charge" is the amount a manufacturer charges a dealer todeliver a new vehicle from the factory to the dealer. This charge varies betweendifferent manufacturers and sometimes even between models from the same manufacturer.The destination charge for a given vehicle is the same amount for every dealer inthe entire country -- whether the car has to travel across town to a dealer in Detroit,or across the continent to a dealer in Los Angeles. And because it is a fixed, unavoidablecost to a dealer, destination charges are not negotiated. What is MSRP? The Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) is a vehicle's retail selling priceas recommended by the manufacturer. What are Customer Incentives? To stimulate sales, a manufacturer may offer price reductions in the form of rebatesor special financing consumers. Rebates are refunds made to customers by the manufacturer. Rebates can be ''national''and apply to all customers or ''regional'' and apply only to residents of certainstates or regions of the country. Typically, a customer can choose to have the rebateamount mailed to him or her after the purchase, or the rebate can be signed overto the dealer and immediately deducted from the purchase price of a new vehicle.However, sales tax still applies to the full price of a vehicle, not the price afterthe rebate has been deducted. Special Financing or Leasing is typically offered as an alternative to a Rebate.Financing incentives are only available through the Manufacturer's Finance Companyand are subject to ''Credit Qualification''. Be sure to ask what rebates and financeor lease incentives apply to specific vehicles. Vehicle Inventory Listings What kinds of vehicles do you sell? All makes. Any model. It doesn’t matter. AutoNation Direct has access to virtuallyevery make and model. Whether it is a new or used, car, truck or sport utility wefind the vehicle you want at a competitive price. How do I find out what equipment is on a vehicle? Unfortunately, Manufacturers do not provide specific vehicle equipment data thatcan be posted on-line for consumers to view. Most vehicle listings include StandardEquipment for the specific vehicle. Additional Optional Equipment may also be foundon a specific vehicle. Please contact us for the exact equipment on a vehicle selected. Why do prices vary between similar vehicles? Usually vehicles that appear the same (but are priced differently) have differenttrim levels or have been modified with additional equipment. It is best to contactus for the exact equipment on a vehicle selected. What if the vehicle I am interested in is no longer available? We work hard to update our on-line vehicle listing to match the vehicles available.Though we have thousands of vehicles listed for sale on-line at any given time,a vehicle may be sold at any time. If a vehicle you request is unavailable, pleasebe patient. Chances are additional vehicles have been added which may meet yourneeds or we could order a vehicle for you from the Manufacturer. If you are willingto travel, you have the option of expanding your search to a greater distance tofind the vehicle you are looking for. Your dream car may be just over the horizon.We can arrange alternative delivery options and other accommodations, which maymake the additional distance worthwhile. Trade-Ins I have a vehicle to trade. Should I sell it privately before I buy from AutoNationDirect? You could try and sell it yourself…but do you really need the hassle. AutoNationDirect is committed to providing you true market value for your trade-in and bakingit up with a buy offer. This will be guaranteed in writing for 3 days or up to 150miles from the time you receive the offer. Can I sell my car without buying another vehicle from AutoNation Direct? Absolutely! AutoNation Direct will buy the car or truck you are now driving … NOPURCHASE NECESSARY. Simply ask your Personal Auto Consultant for a vehicle appraisaland offer. And, we will buy your car, whether you make a purchase from us or not. AutoNation Direct is a facilitator of sales and leasing transactions and is not acting as an agent for the consumer. Call Us: 1.877.600.3011  Email Us: info@AutoNationDirect.com About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Tools  Tips Finance Sell Us Your Car 