 Skip to main content  AOL MAIL You might also like: Autoblog , Autoblog Green , Translogic and More AOL Autos Main New Cars Research Cars ChooseControl Free Price Quotes Best Deals Car Finder Find Inventory Dealer Directory Compare Cars Owner Reviews Available Incentives Financing Used Cars Used Car Search Certified Pre-Owned Kelley Blue Book Values Owner Reviews Vehicle History Reports Ownership  Repair Get a Repair Estimate Repair Shop Directory Dealer Directory Do It Yourself Tips Auto Insurance Recall Center My Wheels Sell Sell Your Car Kelley Blue Book Values Technology All Car Technology Technology Award Translogic Techsplanations Audio  Infotainment Articles  Videos All Articles All Photo Galleries Auto Topics Autoblog Autoblog Green Auto Videos AOL Autos Giveaway Car Safety Send Feedback You are here: Cars > Articles > Buying and Selling Used Cars Buying and Selling Used Cars Taking the guesswork out of how to sell a used car or buy a used car from a private individual instead of a dealer Posted: Oct 08, 2008 |By: Jim McCraw, AOL Autos 0 Comments A A A Share Email This Google + When you tire of your faithful transporter, when your family size goes up (or down), when it just doesn't feel like fun anymore, or when the miles have piled up too high, it's time to move on. From here, you have two choices: use your car as a trade-in on your next car and probably take a small beating on its value. Or sell the used car to someone who wants it more than you do and, with any luck, make a nifty profit. Get the Word Out The first order of business when you sell a used car is to tell the world your vehicle is for sale, through a newspaper or magazine classified ad, or through an Internet auction. Whatever you do, take an enticing photo of the car. You might browse automotive magazines for suggestions of flattering angles. In the ad copy, state its equipment, features, mileage and wear as honestly as you can. Name your price in the ad in order to attract earnest shoppers when you sell a used car. Preparation Is Everything To sell a used car, make your vehicle look as pristine as possible. If it's a late-model and you expect to bring a lot of money for it, invest in a complete inside, outside and under-hood detailing by a professional detailer, which could run as high as $200. If your car is an older vehicle, take a Saturday or a Sunday and do your best with the exterior paint finish (wash and wax), the wheels and wheel wells ( car wash detergent, and a strong stream of water) the chrome (polish), the carpeting (vacuum and shampoo), and the upholstery (household cleaner and/or spot remover.) Don't forget the headliner. Pump up the tires to their recommended inflation pressures, and be sure to wash the brake dust off the wheels when you wash the car . If the tires are worn, you can expect the buyer to ask for a deduction in price, or you can invest in new or slightly used tires to help sell a used car. Remove everything from the trunk, clean the trunk mat, and check to see that the spare tire, wheel and jack are all there and in good shape. Clean under the hood with a steamer or a bucket, soap and a hose. Be careful of the electrical and electronic parts, which are notoriously allergic to water. Make sure the battery is clean and fully charged, and the oil and filter have been changed before you show the car to its first potential buyer. A dipstick full of dirty motor oil is an absolute turn-off to a savvy buyer. Showing it Off Once you've been contacted about selling your used car, make arrangements to meet the potential buyer in a safe, neutral place like a shopping center or a gas station . No one needs to see where you live in order to buy your car. Make it after work or on a weekend morning so there's plenty of time for inspection and driving and nobody's in a rush to get back to work. Be prepared to host more than one person, from a whole family, to a buyer and a mechanic when you sell a used car. Hold on to the keys of the buyer's vehicle and jot down the license number, just to be sure about your buyer returning with your vehicle. If you feel comfortable, don't accompany the buyer and his entourage on the test drive, so they feel completely free to discuss the pros and cons without you. Agree on a time period for the drive before they leave. The Paperwork Tangle AWhen it's time to sell the used car, there's very important paperwork to attend to in the form of the vehicle's title, registration, license plates and insurance policy. Do your homework prior to selling your used car. Go to your nearest state motor vehicle office and make sure you know what all of the legal requirements for a vehicle sale are in your jurisdiction. Inquire about the steps to take for transfer of title, payment of fees and sales taxes. Payment of fees and taxes can be part of your final sale negotiations with your buyer if that will seal the deal when you sell the used car. In some states, you can transfer your license plates to your new ride. Other states require the plates remain with the car after the sale. Be sure you understand all of your legal obligations in a sale. Notify your insurance agent of your intention to sell the used car and have the insurance canceled as soon as the funds have changed hands. Check to see if you are entitled to a rebate . Transfer of Funds Be prepared when you sell a used car for some degree of haggling and hesitation. Don't go beyond your preset haggling limit, take your time and don't get frustrated. Never, ever accept a personal check from the buyer. Insist on cash, a certified or cashier's check, or a wire transfer of funds into your account before signing over the title to the buyer when you sell a used car. Once the funds have been deposited to your account, you can sign over the title, cancel the insurance on that vehicle and begin the search for your own next car. The Flip Side: Buying a Used Car If you're looking at saving money by buying a used car from a private party instead of from a used-car lot or from a dealer's stock of certified used cars , a number of cautions apply. When go to buy a used car, always take a trusted expert with you, whether it's a professional mechanic or inspector. Once you obtain the vehicle serial number, do a CARFAX history check on the vehicle's service, recall and crash history. Consider this a considered mandatory precaution. Agree to meet the seller in a busy public area for your inspection and test drive. Always perform the inspection and test drive in broad daylight. Take a flashlight and rags with you to inspect for flaws, crash damage and leaks when you buy a used car. Examine the vehicle meticulously for evidence of abuse. Check the level, odor and color of the engine oil, brake fluid, transmission fluid and coolant. Look for wear and tear. Take your time, and have your expert go over the vehicle carefully and make written notes for later discussion or haggling. The Test Drive Does the engine start instantly? Prolonged cranking is a bad sign. Before you put it in gear, give a long listen to the way the engine idles when you buy a used car. It should be smooth, quiet and regular. A little smoke from the exhaust pipe on engine start is nothing to worry about if the engine is cold. Exhaust smoke under full throttle is, however, something to worry about. It could indicate a possible problem with piston ring or valve guide wear. Check that everything electrical is functioning, all the lights, turn signals, instruments, radio and speakers (crank it up slowly), heating and air conditioning . When you're satisfied about those, put it in gear and take a test drive for at least 20 minutes. Try to find a freeway on-ramp so you can test full-throttle acceleration when you buy a used car. No untoward mechanical noises? Strong acceleration? Does the steering feel smooth from left to right? Are the brakes quiet? Do they stop without noise, chatter or fuss progressively? These 20 minutes are important, so note as much as you can before you go back and start haggling with the owner when you buy a used car. The Buying Decision Whatever you do, don't allow yourself to be rushed into a decision when you buy a used car. Take a day or two. If the CARFAX report is positive and your expert's opinion is that it's a good buy, make a sincere, reasonable offer based on what you've researched about the fair market value of comparable vehicles, similarly equipped with equivalent mileage. The seller will take it from there. Filed under: Car Buying Guide , Used Car Buying Guide , Car Selling  AOL Autos accepts vehicle loans from auto manufacturers with a tank of gas and sometimes insurance for the purpose of evaluation and editorial content. Like most of the auto news industry, we also sometimes accept travel, lodging and event access for vehicle drive and news coverage opportunities. Our opinions and criticism remain our own – we do not accept sponsored editorial. More Auto News Car Buying Tips To Outsmart Dealerships Buying a car is one of those huge occasional purchases that can get any consumer's blood pressure rising. As with buying any big-ticket purchase consumers can avoid bad deals and financial distress... Read More April Auto Sales Best Since 2007 Automakers posted their strongest April sales since 2007, before the recent Recession started and the economic meltdown that drove General Motors and Chrysler into bankruptcy took place, as consumers... Read More Chrysler Reports Small Profit For First Quarter Of 2013 Chrysler reported a small profit for the first quarter, reflecting lower shipments of vehicles to Europe and a slow down in production for the U.S. connected with new model launches. The company's... Read More AOL Picks: Florida Mom and Her Son Need To Find Common Ground Two things you should know about Denise Cardwell's search for a new car. She knows exactly what she wants. A MINI Countryman. Also, she's not buying a MINI Countryman. Read More Lexus Tops Consumer Reports' Brand Report Card Lexus topped all automotive brands in Consumer Reports magazine's 2013 brand report card. Japanese automakers again dominated the rankings, taking eight of the top 10 spots. Read More Quick Shopping Tools: Research New Vehicles Cars for Sale in Your Area Follow Us On Twitter Friend Us On Facebook Add a Comment Sign in  Add a Comment Type your comment here *0 / 3000 Character Maximum Submit ABUSE REPORT From: Your Comment: Send Report Cancel Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ RSS Newsletter Latest Auto News Video: Watch and hear Renault's awesome Twin'Run driven in anger Video: Motor Recall app makes game out of identifying vehicle lights at night Study: Car customer satisfaction down for first time in two years Study: The safest driving cities in America listed for 2013 Official: Nissan promising autonomous car production by 2020 Followup: NHTSA upgrades Corvette headlight investigation Report: Quartet of classic Chevys stolen during Monterey week More Autos News  Great Auto Loan Rates Low Rates on New and Used Autos Presented By Apply In One Easy Step  Research A New Car Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche RAM Rolls-Royce Saab Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo  Find A Used Car Research, Buy and Sell Used Cars!   FIND A GREAT USED CAR Just Say - SHOW ME THE CARFAX Powered by Have VIN? Go  News From Our Automotive Partners  NHTSA Expands Chevrolet Corvette Headlight Investigation Mazda Expands SkyActiv Engine Production Cadillac Vsport to Claim Up to 15 Percent of XTS Sales More Stories   2014 Toyota Corolla First Drive New Nissan Z Car, Code-Named Z35, in Pipeline World's Greatest Drag Race 3! 2013 Motor Trend's Best Driver's Car More Stories   2014 Ford C-Max 2014 Ford Edge 2014 Ford Escape 2014 Ford E-Series More Stories   Hyundai Gets Sued for 40 MPG Failure Ford Challenges Toyota Prius v with All-New C-Max How Luxury Carmakes Have Made Concierge Services a Battlefield How China Helps Expand Cadillac, Acura, Lexus, and Audi's Rear Row Seating More Stories  AOL Autos Send Feedback Most people believe you can make more money if you sell a used car to another individual vs. trading it in. AOL Autos gives you tips to sell used cars and also how to buy used cars from a individual instead of a dealer. Learn Car Finder Best New Cars Compare Vehicles Article Archive Site Map Buy Calculators Cars for Sale Kelley Blue Book Free Price Quotes Auto Loans Own My Wheels Owner Reviews Auto Repair Insurance Automotive Technology Drive Cheap Gas Prices Rental Cars Road Trips Safety Traffic Reports Hot Rides 2015 Mustang Porsche Macan BMW i3 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel BMW 4 Series More Auto News Autoblog AutoblogGreen DailyFinance Autos Engadget Transportation TRANSLOGIC  Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Our Ads Trademarks AOL Downloads Help AOL A-Z  2013 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved. 