 Deep Space Sparkle HOME ABOUT PATTY ABOUT PATTY Contact Deep Space Sparkle SHOP BLOG ART LESSONS LIBRARY ART LESSONS by Grade Kindergarten Art Lessons First Grade Art Lessons Second Grade Art Lessons Third Grade Art Lessons Fourth Grade Art Lessons Fifth Grade Art Lessons Sixth Grade Art Lessons ART LESSONS by Subject America Art and Literature Animals Birds Boats, Cars and Trucks Buildings and Architecture Color Wheels  Theory Cowboy and Old West Culture Based Dinosaurs and Dragons Fall Art Famous Artists February Holidays Fish and Sea Life Inclusion/Special Needs Art Projects Mexican Unit Pirate Theme Portraits Recycled Art Materials Reptiles ART LESSONS by Technique Ceramics Chalk Pastels Line Drawings Painted Paper Watercolor Projects IN THE ARTROOM How to Teach Art Artroom Management Curriculum Planning Organization Teaching Philosophies Art Shows Art Standards Blogging Art Videos Book Reviews Art Supplies E-COURSES Art and Literature Art Lesson Plans Posted on January 9, 2010 by Patty Palmer / 19 comment Picture books and art projects go hand-in-hand. These four art lessons inspired by popular childrens books, contains full-color tutorials, prep and set-up tips, drawing handouts, templates and student galleries. The lessons include: Pie in the Sky by Lois Ehlert: Lower grade students create painted paper and use templates to create stunning birds. Great lesson for color, composition and cutting skills. Splat the Cat by Rob Scotton: Perfect for first or second grade, children will love reading this delightful book and creating their own Splat using tempera paint and chalk pastel. Scraps of paper turn into Splats bookbag and school supplies. Do You Have a Hat by Eileen Spinelli: Use one of the six templates (sombrero, wool hat, beach, top hat, sun hat, crown and cowboy) to draw a favorite hat. Watercolor paints and crafts unite in this creative art lessons for little ones. Saturday Night at the Dinosaur Stomp by Carol Diggory Shields and Illustrated by Scott Nash: Use the two drawing handouts to guide the children through a series of steps of drawing a dancing dino and then explore cool watercolor techniques to finish the project. Handouts Included: Do You Have a Hat drawing Aid How to Draw a Dancing Dino #1 How to Draw a Dancing Dino #2 Birds in a Cherry Tree Templates Included: Bird wings, body, head and tail Woolen Hat Book for Splat Magicians Hat Beach, Sun or Garden Hat Sombrero Crown Cowboy Purchase in Art  Literature SHOP .  Post navigation  Previous Next  19 comments Mary says: January 9, 2010 at 9:28 pm Patty, The timing of these lessons could not be better as I have 2 classes dealing with childrens book art. I thought I had my 6 week line-up ready to go.(your Giraffes Cant Dance being one of my projects.) But I am always open for some last minute changes. (BTW  I am loving the lesson on those beautiful watercolor birds as well.) Thank you and Happy New Year! Mary Reply  Patty P says: January 10, 2010 at 10:20 am Fantastic! I love incorporating books into my lessons as much as possible. Love giraffes. A perennial favorite. Reply  learningparade says: January 16, 2010 at 4:12 pm Patty, You know how important picture books are to us all and its great to have some more inspiring activities! Good choice of stories! Reply  pakosta says: June 11, 2010 at 9:00 am I paid the 5.00 for this, but cant figure out how to get the PDF files? its under my husbands email. Michael pakosta. Please help! thanks! tara pakosta Reply  Patty Palmer says: June 11, 2010 at 9:08 am Hi Pakosta, No problem. But can you send me an email with the date of purchase? Just makes it easier to find. Im assuming its PayPal. Ill forward the email to tech support and theyll send you a link directly. (FYI, Paypal will send the download link to the email you paid with but every so often, something seems to go wrong!) Patty patty.palmer@cox.net Reply  pakosta says: June 11, 2010 at 11:00 am yes, it was paypal! just sent you an email from my husbands email address! thanks so much! Tara Pakosta Reply  Heather says: November 1, 2010 at 10:13 pm Hi Neil, I, too, cant find the PDFs that I paid for. I looked at my paypal email, but there isnt a link. I bought this plan today 11/1/2010. Great website btw. Reply  Patty says: November 2, 2010 at 1:53 pm Hi Heather, Sometimes Paypal can take a while to send the link. Maybe even a few hours. Its no problem though. Well send you a direct link. Ill email you at the email associated with this comment Reply eva says: January 9, 2011 at 3:20 pm Please email with instructions for accessing my purchase. I bought 5 lesson plans and have not received. I am very excited to see and experiment with my students. Will you update and do any type of lesson plans for month of February, maybe ideas for Dr. Seuss Thank you, e.ulibarri@comcast.net Reply  Patty says: January 9, 2011 at 3:32 pm Hi Eva, Please refer to the Customer Support page under Products in the menu bar. If you still have questions, email me privately with your order information. Patty Reply Kristin says: January 23, 2011 at 12:46 pm I am so grateful to have found your site! I will be student teaching this semester K-6 with 400 students as well and have some literature based art lessons I need to come up with! Your site has been very insightful and helpful in so many ways. Thank you for sharing the art love! Reply Deep Space Sparkle – Watercolor Dinosaur Art Lesson says: March 7, 2011 at 3:15 pm [...] Drawing Handouts and full lesson tutorials available in my Art  Literature PDF. [...] Reply  Mrs. Tannert says: March 8, 2011 at 4:21 am Oh no! I just bought this pdf, but now I dont know how to download it! Help! Thanks! Reply  Patty says: March 8, 2011 at 7:59 am Hi Mrs. Tannert, Please go to the Customer Support link under Products in the menu bar. You can find commonly asked questions and this might help. If you paid via Google Checkout, a link will have appeared immeditaly. If you paid via Paypal, a link will arrive in an email (its been taking up to two hours for the email with the link to arrive). Let me know if you were successful. Reply Heather Cox says: August 17, 2011 at 6:36 pm Hi Patty, I purchased 3 of your wonderful lessons last week. I was able to open and save two of them but one is saying that is damaged and will not open. The lesson that is damaged is Art  Literature Thanks for your help! I love your website!!! Heather Reply  Patty says: August 18, 2011 at 3:30 am Hi Heather, We dont know why this happens but it does happen randomly. Neil will send you a direct link. Look for it in your mailbox. So sorry for the problem! Best, Patty Reply  Heather Cox says: August 23, 2011 at 6:41 pm Thanks Patty, I have not received the direct link from Neil yet. I have check my junk mail also. Thanks! Heather Reply Colleen @F5th @pinterestmama says: December 6, 2011 at 7:46 pm I did a post and mentioned you and your wonderful pdf full of neat art lessons! Here is the link: http://sunriselearninglab.blogspot.com/2011/12/splat-cat-fun-for-little-ones.html We are going to do the Splat the Cat lesson hopefully tomorrow. Have to buy more black tempera and black chalk pastels. We did our own projects to go with Merry Christmas Splat. Thanks for the inspiration! Cannot wait to do your lesson and the others in this pdf. The boys are super excited about the Native American lessons we are going to do from your Inidans pdf that we ordered. Happy holidays! Colleen Reply Deep Space Sparkle – Do You have a Hat art lesson says: January 21, 2012 at 11:05 am [...] Summer Fun ,etc.) In a way, it makes it easier to help the students. This lesson is featured in my PDF Art Booklet, Art and Literature. It includes step-by-step tutorials, handouts and [...] Reply Deep Space Sparkle – Kinder portraits says: January 30, 2012 at 10:18 am [...] paper (Sulphite Construction paper) and a pre-cut crown. Note: I used the crown templates from my Art and Literature Art Lesson Plan booklet but you can create your own or have the children draw their own crowns directly onto their paper. I [...] Reply Deep Space Sparkle – Bird Art Project using paper scraps says: March 18, 2012 at 10:08 am [...] stacks of art the other day and came across these beautiful pieces. I featured these birds in my Art and Literature PDF Booklet but wanted to share the images with all of you. This project was highly successful, meaning that [...] Reply Deep Space Sparkle – Winter Birds Art Project says: March 18, 2012 at 2:57 pm [...] I gravitated towards the wonderful birds in birch trees. I created bird templates before for my Pie in the Sky art lesson and was excited to use them [...] Reply Art and Literature | Momsense in NJs Blog says: February 2, 2013 at 6:41 pm [...] idea for this Splat ar project came directory from a fantastic blog Deep Space Sparkle. She shows you how the project went in her class room and also has instructions in a PDF to [...] Reply  Debbie Selene says: March 7, 2013 at 11:14 am How long does it take to get purchases sent to our email? Reply  Patty Palmer says: March 7, 2013 at 11:35 am The transaction is immediate. Please refer to our customer support page for the easy answers then you can contact Neil for more help. His email is on the Customer Service page. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong Welcome to Deep Space Sparkle. I'm Patty Palmer and I teach art to 400 elementary school kids in Goleta, California. I've been blogging about my life as an art teacher and sharing my art lessons since 2008. Have fun looking around. Disclosure Statement. This is a for-profit blog. I use affiliate links to direct my readers to books and art supplies that are directly related to my posts. I hope these links provide you with easy access to these products. I never link to a product I have never used or don't like. Categories Select Category ART LESSONS by Grade(332) America(12) Animals(68) Birds(23) Art and Literature(33) Boats, Cars and Trucks(4) Buildings and Architecture(16) Ceramics(28) Chalk Pastels(20) Color Wheels  Theory(12) Cowboy and Old West(1) Culture Based(14) Dinosaurs and Dragons(7) Fall Art(24) Famous Artists(49) February Holidays(9) Fish and Sea Life(20) Inclusion/Special Needs Art Projects(28) Mexican Unit(14) Pirate Theme(1) Portraits(17) Recycled Art Materials(13) Reptiles(6) Seasonal(13) Spring Art(23) Watercolor Projects(41) ART LESSONS by Subject(1) ART LESSONS by Technique(5) Art Shows(10) Art Standards(2) Art Videos(9) Artroom Management(13) Beyond the Basics eCourse(3) Blogging(32) Book Reviews(22) Contests(7) Drawing with Glue(2) Fairytales(6) Fifth Grade Art Lessons(54) First Grade Art Lessons(79) Fourth Grade Art Lessons(54) How to Teach Art(62) Kindergarten Art Lessons(69) Line Drawings(11) Living the Artful Life(13) Organization(4) Painted Paper(15) Planning(16) School Auctions(1) Second Grade Art Lessons(66) SHOP FOR LESSON PLANS(28) Sixth Grade Art Lessons(53) Spotlights!(6) TEACHING ART E-COURSE(3) Teaching Philosophies(15) The Best Art Supplies(15) Third Grade Art Lessons(64) Winter Art(24) About Patty Welcome to DSS. I'm an art teacher to 400 elementary kids in Goleta, California. This is where you will find a library of art lessons, handy PDF lesson plans and resources to make teaching art to kids a whole lot easier. Enjoy your stay! From the blog Whats Making me Happy. Posted on August 26, 2013 by Patty Palmer Ill admit it.  Autumn is my favorite  Degas Dancer Art Lesson Posted on August 22, 2013 by Patty Palmer Ive always been partial to drawing the  Shape Robot Art Project Posted on August 19, 2013 by Patty Palmer An excellent back-to-school project for Kinders,   © [2013] Deep Space Sparkle [www.deepspacesparkle.com] FAQ BLOG ABOUT PATTY Contact Deep Space Sparkle COPYRIGHT  