 S5 Coupe Home Models Inventory Innovation myAudi Search   Find a dealer  About Audi  Help  Careers  Disclaimer  Privacy policy  Interest based ads  Audi collection store  S5 S5 Coupe Features and Specifications Galleries Details quattro Lighting Engine  Compare  Find a Dealer  Starting at$52,000*  Build   View Inventory Contact a Dealer Features and Specs  Premium plus3.0 TFSI®  Starting at$52,000  View Technical Specifications   View all features  Prestige3.0 TFSI®  Starting at$58,250  View Technical Specifications   View all features The epitome of supercharged style, the Audi S5 Style meets finely engineered substance in the 2014 S5 Coupe. Experience the V8-like performance of the 3.0-liter TFSI® V6 engine, knowing it's performing with the efficiency of a V6.* Feel the confident handling of Audi quattro® all-wheel drive. Stay connected using available technologies like Audi connect® with Wi-Fi hotspot and MMI® Navigation plus with voice control.** And do it all with nimble efficiency. S5 Coupe Trims Premium plus Starting at $52,000 Prestige Starting at $58,250 Available Engines 3.0 TFSI®  View Technical Specifications 3.0 TFSI®  View Technical Specifications Key Features Xenon plus headlights with LED daytime running lights Audi S exterior appearance Audi concert radio with ten speakers and single CD player with MP3 playback capability Audi advanced key—keyless start, stop and entry Audi drive select View all features Build Adaptive xenon plus headlights with LED daytime running lights Audi S exterior appearance Audi MMI® Navigation plus with voice control system Bang  Olufsen® Sound System with 14 speakers and 505 watts Audi side assist View all features Build Galleries Galleries Galleries The new S5 Coupe Beauty is in the details. Take a closer look and discover why every Audi is worthy of wearing the four rings. Follow the progressive lines through the subtle curves to the distinctive profile. The interplay yields an aerodynamic brilliance that's as pleasurable tearing down an open stretch of road as it is staring at it in the driveway.* View gallery Technology engineered for the driver The available technologies in the Audi S5 Coupe inspire the perfect drive. The Audi MMI® Navigation plus with voice control helps you find your way. Audi connect® with Google Earth™ 3D satellite imagery and Wi-Fi hotspot helps passengers stay connected.* And Audi side assist helps heighten awareness of drivers approaching from your blind spot. It's technology there when you need it. View gallery Designed for driving The 2014 Audi S5 Coupe is a world-class performance car with handsome styling. Aggressively shaped headlights and signature Platinum Gray Audi Singleframe® grille serve as a reminder of potential. And finely crafted details including a three-spoke multifunction flat-bottom sport steering wheel, Aluminum-optic accents, and power sport seats put you in the perfect mindset for a drive. View gallery quattro You'll see curves differently with quattro® The Audi S5 pairs Audi quattro® all-wheel drive with torque vectoring for confidence-inspiring handling around most weather and curves.* Under normal conditions, the S5 has a 40:60 front to rear power split. When the road conditions become more challenging, quattro® distributes power to the wheels that need it the most. Take a turn with the S5 and the road bends for you. Experience quattro® * Disclaimer Lighting Drawing attention with LED lighting Strikingly designed LED daytime running lights turn heads and help cut through gloom from dawn to dusk. And brilliant LED taillights grab much needed attention, helping alert approaching drivers quicker by illuminating faster than traditional brake lights. For a smart twist, add available xenon plus headlights. As you round corners, they pivot up to 15 degrees. Talk about good looking. Discover LED technology Engine  Swipe to See 360 View An engine worth a thousand words Punch the accelerator and you have to smile.* The Audi S5 combines TFSI® direct injection with the lightweight all-aluminum Audi 3.0-liter engine to produce V8 power and torque with the efficiency of a V6.** Producing 333 hp and 325 lb-ft of torque, this supercharged engine can deliver substantial power at nearly any engine speed. That's performance worth savoring. See the power of TFSI® 3.0 TFSI®  Technical Specifications * Disclaimer find-a-dealer S5 Find a Dealer  search  View Inventory Contact a Dealer  View brochure  Sign up for news and updates Explore Audi Find a dealer About Audi Help Careers Disclaimer Privacy policy Interest based ads Audi collection store Audi of America. All rights reserved. © Copyright 2013 [if lt IE 9]>