 Convertible Car Club Home Members Sponsors Photos Pages Discussions More Polls Files Promote Join us! Let's Ride!   How cool is it going to be when you are riding around town and you know the driver of another passing convertible? How about when you park in a lot and you say... Oh look "So and so" is here ! ? That's my goal, for all of us to share that sense of community wherever we are...all over town.   Care to share the dream? Then put your clothes on and your tops down... let's go cruise and have some fun!  I believe there is something unique about people that love convertible cars, and I bet you will agree with me on that! The events will be what we want to create, from good beer to fine wine and of course from greasy burgers to the BLT. The ideas are limitless! Please take a moment to share your favorite drive ..and why...on the message board, since we will try to join you! Let's go take some drives, have some wine and get some good eats!   Also don't forget to tell others to join our group!     Join us Who do I know here? Join us and be the first to know when new Meetups are scheduled Log in with Facebook to find out By creating a Meetup account, you agree to the Terms of Service  Welcome! Join and suggest a new Meetup Upcoming 8 Suggested 0 Past Calendar Meetup Cars  Coffee Cruise In Sat Sep 07 8:30 AM   RSVP  7 attending 2 comments Matties Diner 915 Hamilton Street, Charlotte, NC( map )   This event is Weather permitting and if Raining, moves to the Second Saturday of the month!Can't be there by 8:30 in the morning? Let someone know in the group and ask... Learn more Hosted by: madison (Organizer) This Meetup repeats on the 1st Saturday of every month Cars  Coffee Cruise In 2 attending Sat Oct 5,8:30 AM Cars  Coffee Cruise In 1 attending Sat Nov 2,8:30 AM Cars  Coffee Cruise In 1 attending Sat Dec 7,8:30 AM More Meetups Meetup Downtown Mooresville Cruise In Sat Sep 07 4:00 PM   RSVP  4 attending 1 comment Needs a location Coming soon!  This event is weather permitting.Greetings Ragtops...I saw this on the web and thought I would put it on the board in case anyone wanted to go check this cruise In out... Learn more Hosted by: madison (Organizer) Meetup Saturday Afternoon/Eve Cars Cruise In Sat Sep 14 5:00 PM   RSVP  2 attending 0 comments Fort Mill BBQ Company 737 Stockbridge Drive, Fort Mill, SC( map )  This event, as all of our events, is weather permitting.Cars of all types will be at this event. Bring chairs if you want to sit and have a drink and wait to win door... Learn more Hosted by: madison (Organizer) This Meetup repeats on the 2nd Saturday of every month Saturday Afternoon/Eve Cars Cruise In 1 attending Sat Oct 12,5:00 PM Saturday Afternoon/Eve Cars Cruise In 1 attending Sat Nov 9,5:00 PM Saturday Afternoon/Eve Cars Cruise In 1 attending Sat Dec 14,5:00 PM More Meetups Meetup Tail of the Dragon! Sat Sep 28 9:00 AM   RSVP  12 attending 15 comments Edna Inn 3213 Moores Glen Drive, Charlotte, NC( map )   This event is weather permitting. If it rains out this weekend, we will move to the next weekend in spite of the coffee cruise in conflict.Okay, I wanted the guys to... Learn more Hosted by: madison (Organizer) Meetup Brunch at Biltmore Sun Sep 29 11:30 AM   RSVP  1 attending 0 comments Needs a location Coming soon! Greetings Ragtops!This event is weather permitting.The Tail of the Dragon run is the day before this and I plan to overnight in AVL. With that said, who wants to join... Learn more Hosted by: madison (Organizer) More Meetups Recent Meetups 3 days ago  2:45 PM 3rd Annual Music Festival 2Ragtops| 2Photos Okay I just wanted to let everybody know about this event. If you have never seen the Eagles tribute band...they are a must and they start at 730.The other music starts... Learn more 3 days ago  12:00 PM Wine tasting and lunch!   10Ragtops| 5.00 7 | 8Photos Greetings Ragtops!I was contacted by this business owner who wants to invite us to a FREE wine tasting (normally $50) pp, and then we can grab a late lunch afterwards... Learn more August 10  5:00 PM Saturday Night Special Cruise In 4Ragtops| 5.00 2 Okay...the owners of this place gave us this flyer at the coffee cruise in this past Saturday...so I wanted to share. I will not be there, but should be fun!This... Learn more August 3  8:30 AM Cars  Coffee Cruise In  7Ragtops| 5.00 2 This event is Weather permitting and if Raining, moves to the Second Saturday of the month!Can't be there by 8:30 in the morning? Let someone know in the group and ask... Learn more July 13  5:00 PM Saturday Night Special Cruise In  2Ragtops Okay...the owners of this place gave us this flyer at the coffee cruise in this past Saturday...so I wanted to share. I will not be there, but should be fun!This... Learn more See all past Meetups What's new More New comment madison commented on Cars & Coffee Cruise In Yesterday Dont forget to bring your chairs! Mine is packed! Read more New Photo Tag madison tagged 8 members in Wine tasting and lunch! 2 days ago Thomas Ross Chess Joe Monico Mary madison Jim Chambers Rebecca Harrison Tammy Russell Mary Joe Monico New Photo Comment madison commented on a photo 2 days ago Thanks for the photo upload! :-) New Photos " data-offset="-1 0"> " data-offset="-1 0"> " data-offset="-1 0"> " data-offset="-1 0"> Tammy Russell added 4 new photos to Wine tasting and lunch! 2 days ago New RSVP madison RSVPed Yes for 4th Annual Music Festival 2 days ago Aug 14 23 4th Annual Music Festival Saturday 2:45 PM at Music Festival 1 attending New comment madison commented on Wine tasting and lunch! 2 days ago I wish I had known y all were coming! :-) I may never forget that comment coming from a business owner...sor t of. I cant stop laughing! Glad to see new faces. Fun .:-) Read more New comment Mary commented on Wine tasting and lunch! 2 days ago I had a nice time and will see you all at the next meetup. Gracie Read more New comment Jim Chambers commented on Wine tasting and lunch! 3 days ago Great group of people. I look forward to the next meetup! Read more New comment Joe Monico commented on Wine tasting and lunch! 3 days ago lunch was fun! Read more New comment Joe Monico commented on 3rd Annual Music Festival 3 days ago Music rocked! Read more More activity Convertible Car Club http://www.meetup.com/Convertible-Car-Club/ http://photos3.meetupstatic.com/photos/event/e/0/c/6/global_193077542.jpeg Charlotte , NC 28209 FoundedJun 17, 2012 20120617 Ragtops 67 Group reviews 6 Upcoming Meetups 8 Past Meetups 41 Our calendar We're about: Sports Cars  Cars  Fun Times  Meeting New People  Friends  Adventure Organizer: madison View The Leadership Team Contact Our Sponsors TNT AUTO GLASS  WINDOW TINTING 10 % Off window tinting Greenway Express Carwash $5 off Ultimate Car Wash People in this Meetup are also in:  Carolina Trail Run  Mountain Bike Group 847 Members Next Meetup: Thursday, Aug 29 Good Eats  Meets! Charlotte 4,244 Members Next Meetup: Tuesday, Aug 27 Charlotte Latin Dance Meetup: Salsa | Mambo | Bachata 1,150 Latin Music  Dance Fanatics Next Meetup: Tuesday, Aug 27 Hiking - Charlotte/Piedm ont Areas 3,456 Outdoorsy types Next Meetup: Sunday, Sep 15 Mecklenburg Athletic Club 1,622 Prospects Next Meetup: Wednesday, Aug 28 The Charlotte Euchre Meetup 362 Euchre Players Next Meetup: Tuesday, Aug 27  114,471,658 RSVPs! hide What's new Log in Sign up Find a Meetup Group Start a Meetup Group  Show me the Meetups About Careers Help Blog Tech Blog API Made in NYC Meetup Everywhere Offer a Perk 2013 Meetup Privacy  Terms English Deutsch Espaol Franais Italiano Portugus Log in Not registered with us yet? Sign up Email address: Password: Forgot your password? Keep me signed in  or Log in using Facebook Sign up Meetup members, Log in Your name Your email Pick a password  or Sign up using Facebook By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service  Privacy Policy 