 Asheville.com  Your guide to all things Asheville, NC.   Current Weather 77.2 F Hi: 84 | Lo: 64 Search Asheville.com (press enter to search) Movies Calendar of Events Menu Skip to content Accommodations Eat  Drink Attractions Shopping Entertainment Things to Do Accommodations Lodging: Hotels  Motels Bed  Breakfasts Cabins  Vacation Rentals Camping  RV Parks Corporate Rentals Fly Fishing Lodges Gay  Lesbian Friendly Lodging Pet Friendly Lodging Resorts  Spas Retreats  Conference Centers Weddings Activities Biking Guide Brew-Hoppers Guide Family Fun Guide Fishing Gem Mining Guide Golf Great Outdoors Hiking Hot Air Balloon Guide Kayak and Canoe Guide Parks, Playgrounds, and Activity Guide Rafting Guide Skateboarding Guide Ski Resorts Summer Camps Travel  Vacations Water Sports Shopping Antiques  Interiors Apparel Beer  Wine Book  Cards Camping Equipment Flowers Grocers Jewelry Music Stores Pets and Pet Supplies Seafood Weddings Attractions All About Asheville Entertainment Summer Camps Travel  Vacations Real Estate Directory Home Sites, Acreage, Undeveloped Land Lenders  Mortgage Brokers Log Cabins and Rustic Homes Manufactured Homes Master Planned Community Developments Modular Homes Real Estate Attorneys Residential Properties Residential Rental Properties including Apartments and Houses Retail, Office and Warehouse Space for Lease Retirement Communities and Developments Self-Storage Facilities Arts  Entertainment Art Crafts Galleries  Museums Home  Garden Electrical, Plumbing, and Carpentry Etc Special Services Gardening Green Living Guide Heating  Cooling Historic Preservation  Restoration Home Building  Design Home Furnishings Home Improvement Housewares Interior Design Lawn  Garden Security Systems Restaurants American Classics Asian American Bakery BBQ  Ribs  Burgers Breakfast  Brunch Cafe Catering Continental Desserts Downtown Fine Dining French Cuisine Indian Italian Japanese  Sushi Mexican-Californian Pizza Pubs  Mirco-Breweries Seafood Steakhouse Vegetarian Subs  Salads Community Guide Animal Shelters Arts  Culture Bridge Clubs Civic Clubs Employment Agencies, Consultants  Businesses Libraries Local Resources Media Membership Organizations Newcomers Guide Public Safety Recreation Seniors Social Services Spiritual Support Groups Volunteer Ops Professional Services Accountants  Accounting Firms Attorneys  Law Firms Banking and Mortgage Brokers Carpet and Flooring Dealers Computer Connection Builders and General Contractors Employment Agencies, Consultants  Businesses Graphic Design Internet Service Providers Marketing  Advertising Medical Clinics and Specialists Payroll Processing Photography Search Engine Placement and Marketing Security Services  Personnel Travel  Vacations Web Site Design and E-Commerce Development  Advanced Search Arts  Entertainment Flat Rock Playhouse Flat Rock, NC The State Theatre of North Carolina, and one of the finest local playhouses in the United States. Highly acclaimed throughout the theater world. The Playhouse’s dual mission of producing the performing arts and providing education in the performing arts includes a ten-show professional series; a summer and fall college apprentice and intern program; performances and cabaret series by the YouTheatre; year-round classes and workshops for students from kindergarten through adults. Flat Rock Playhouse now hosts over 90,000 patrons annually and is a major contributor to the local economy and the Arts in North Carolina. LYLAS LYLAS, Ashevilles first all-female sketch comedy troupe. Written, directed, and performed by women, but performed for all genders without any pesky political or social messages, LYLAS is just plain funny. lylashaha@gmail.com  Asheville Lyric Opera Pack Place, Downtown Come see Ashevilles premier opera company as it makes a quantum leap of artistic development. (ACT) in Western North Carolina, a full season of opera is to be experienced by all fans of the opera. 236-0670 Diana Wortham Theatre Pack Place, Downtown. The intimate 500-seat theater is host to more than 150 performances annually by professional touring artists and local arts organizations. Performances normally last around two hours. Call for performance schedule. 828-257-4530 Smith-McDowell House Museum, Ashevilles First Mansion If you are planning a visit to the Asheville area for the color season, you might want to plan a visit to the Smith-McDowell House Museum. Built circa 1840 by James McConnell Smith, the Smith McDowell House is Ashevilles oldest surviving house and the oldest brick house in Buncombe County, North Carolina. Small admission fee.   828-253-9231 Folk Art Center Located on the Blue Ridge Parkway, The Folk Art Center is the home ofthe Southern Highland Craft Guild, representing craft artists fromSouthern Appalachia. The Allanstand Craft Shop carries the work of over300 of these guild members. Open daily 9am-6pm, Apr.-Dec.; 9am-5pmJan.-Mar. 298-7928 Song OSky Chorus (Sweet Adelines International) Invites all women 18 and over to join the fun of singing 4 part barbershop harmony every Tuesday at Covenant Community Church. We sing many different genresgospel, blues, Broadway show tunes, folk songsjust to mention a few. No previous musical instruction is required; you dont have to be able to read music. A good ear, a love of harmony, and the desire for instant friends and fellowship are all thats necessary. Please visit our website www.songosky.org or call toll free. Better yetplan to visit a rehearsal and see what we are all about: REAL women-REAL harmonyREAL fun! 1-866-824-9547 Brevard Music Center Nestled in the foothills of North Carolinas Blue Ridge Mountains, this premier summer music festival and comprehensive music center has set the highest standards in performance and education for nearly seven decades. They offer over 80 performances over seven weeks, from mid-June through early August. 828-862-2100. 828-862-2100 Asheville Area Arts Council The Asheville Area Arts Council was founded more than forty years ago as a community arts council serving the needs of Western North Carolina. Designed as an umbrella service organization, AAAC is dedicated to developing cultural resources, city and audience development, fund raising and grant allocations, and administrative assistance. 828-258-0710 Asheville Community Theatre Every year since 1946 ACT has offered Western North Carolina superb productions of comedies, dramas, and musicals, and this year will be no exception. 828-254-1320 Colburn Earth Science Museum Explore the rich treasures of the earth at this museum called a mini-Smithsonian of gems by the Washington Post. Allow one to three hours for a visit. Open Tues.-Sat. 10am-5pm. 254-7162 YMI Cultural Center For years, the 18,000 square foot YMI building was the social and economic center of Ashevilles Black community. Currently YMI is a cultural center operating with support from the City of Asheville. Its impressive Tudor-style structure is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and features four galleries and a 300-seat performing arts theatre. Asheville Bravo Concerts Brings world-renowned performing artists to western North Carolina. Because the arts are integral to the well being of a community, we believe our community should have the opportunity to experience a variety of internationally acclaimed musical artists in live performance.  Blue Goldsmiths Two women in Biltmore village are making jewelry the old fashioned wayone piece at a time. The two designers also offer the opportunity to collaborate with you to make a heirloom of your own design.. 828-277-2583 Asheville Art Museum As the single visual arts facility serving Western North Carolina, the Asheville Art Museum, its collection and programs are the only such resources available to the diverse communities in the region. The L.O.F.T. Lost objects, found treasures. A very special gift shop. An old attic of a place where you can discover objects of beauty or find treasures that have been given new life through creativity and, ocassionally, a [smallish] glass of vino blanco.   (828) 259-9303 Haywood Arts Repertory Theatre This award-winning Waynesville-based company will performs several times thoughout the season. Most shows take place at the Waysville Performing Arts Center, 250 Pigeon St. 828-456-6322 Pack Place Education, Arts and Science Center Downtown across from Pack Square, Pack Place Education, Arts and Science Center houses Three Centuries of Pack Square, and is the home for the Asheville Art Museum, Diana Wortham Theater, Colburn Earth Science Museum, the Health Adventure and the YMI Cultural Center. A must see when visiting Asheville, NC. (828) 253-3227 Southern Appalachian Repertory Theatre SART’s purpose has been to produce quality theatre by a professional non-profit company and to present plays concerning Appalachia that portray the rich culture and heritage of its people and to promote the development of original plays. 828-689-1384 Asheville Symphony Orchestra Thomas Wolfe Auditorium, Downtown The brightest starsthe greatest musicthe finest performances 254-7046 Blue Spiral 1 One of Ashevilles premier art galleries featuring contemporary fine art and craft by artists of the Southeastern United States. 38 Biltmore Avenue, Downtown 828-251-0202 Hendersonville Symphony The brightest starsthe greatest musicthe finest performancesthe Hendersonville Symphony. P. O. Box 1811, Hendersonville, NC 28793 828-697-5884   Professional Services Attorneys  Law Firms Banking and Mortgage Brokers Computers Employment Agencies, Consultants  Businesses Weddings Arts  Entertainment Galleries  Museums Theater Music Stores Education  Learning Colleges K-12 Alternative Education Family Pets Weddings Child Care Medical Resources Hospitals Dentistry Chiropractic Healthy Living Fitness Eating well Dentistry Green Living Activities Biking Guide Hunting Guide Brew-Hoppers Guide Ski Resorts Water Sports Ashevilles Visitor Center Accommodations Activities Employment Agencies, Consultants  Businesses Entertainment Real Estate Spas Golf All About Asheville Restaurants Shopping Shopping Beer Guide Flowers Grocers Weddings Real Estate Lenders  Mortgage Brokers Master Planned Community Developments Residential Properties Sports  Recreation Golf Great Outdoors Fishing Running Skateboarding Guide Ski Resorts Watch Sports UNC-A Sports Big South WCU-Sports NASCAR Asheville Tourists Community Guide Animal Shelters Arts  Culture Civic Clubs Employment Agencies, Consultants  Businesses Local Resources Membership Organizations Media Newcomers Guide Public Safety Recreation Seniors Social Services Spiritual Support Groups Volunteer Ops Home  Garden Electrical, Plumbing, and Carpentry Etc Special Services Heating  Cooling Historic Preservation  Restoration Home Building  Design Home Furnishings Home Improvement Gardening Green Living Guide Lawn  Garden Pets Security Systems Travel  Vacations Adventure Travel Cruises Travel Deals and Specials Have feedback on the new website? Leave it here! For listing and advertising information, click here .  2013 asheville.com | contact: info@asheville.com or 828-253-2880  