  Post Profile for Your Business Submit Press Release Join Now Sign In  Businesses Articles Press Releases  Business Directory Products  Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products  Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site Arts & Entertainment: Movies & Film News Press Releases Submit your press release via PR.com for Free Receive press releases from this Industry Distribution Channel: By Email RSS Feeds: PR.com is a leader in paid and free press release distribution.To reach journalists, increase online visibility, and attract new customers, submit via our global online news and press release distribution service to top search engines, thousands of websites, social media, blogger networks, as well as via print, broadcast, radio, mobile channels, and more. UFO Film Festival Seeks Entries The nations longest running UFO related event, the 2013 EBE Film Festival is now accepting entries for the February 26th - March 3rd events at The Fort McDowell Radisson in Fountain Hills, Arizona.A celebration of paranormal filmmaking, the 2013 EBEFF includes screenings, social events and networking... - January 06, 2013 - International UFO Congress Celebrating the Legendary Dance Career of Mikhail Baryshnikov Celebrating the Legendary Dance Career of Mikhail Baryshnikov on DVD  Blu-ray - January 06, 2013 - Kultur International Films Ltd Escalante Lundy Describes Experience as Madingo Fighter in Quentin Tarantinos Django Unchained New Orleans Actor Makes Film Debut in Tarantinos New Spaghetti Western Django Unchained. - January 06, 2013 - Escalante Lundy Grave of the Vampire, The Jitters, and four Edgar Wallace Thrillers Coming to DVD in March from Retromedia  BayView BayView Entertainments DVD catalog from the cult movie experts at Retromedia Entertainment adds four new titles, including two new to DVD features: Grave of the Vampire and The Jitters, in March 2013. - January 05, 2013 - BayView Entertainment Two Celebrated Korean Feature Films - The Suicide Forecast and Punch - Coming to DVD in March 2013 from BayView BayView Entertainment releases two new acclaimed Korean feature films in March 2013 on special edition DVDs: Punch and The Suicide Forecast. - January 04, 2013 - BayView Entertainment Casting Director James Levine Launches New Company Los Angeles casting director James Levine is pleased to announce the launch of a new company, Action Casting, which is comprised of a team of experienced casting directors. - December 29, 2012 - James Levine Casting Drift Surf Movie Trailer Released The first trailer of the new Australian surf film Drift has been released and can now be watched online. The film was shot last year at various locations along Western Australias south west coastline, from Cape Leeuwin to Cape Naturaliste, Margaret River, Gracetown, Nannup and Augusta.The... - December 28, 2012 - The Margaret River Guide Grauer School Hosts Film Screening of Sundance Film Festival Documentary, Miss Representation The Grauer School will host the film screening and post-film discussion of Miss Representation on Thursday, January 17, 2013, at 6:00 pm in the Great Hall on the school campus located at 1500 S. El Camino Real in Encinitas. Written and directed by Jennifer Siebel Newsom, the 90-minute inspiring... - December 26, 2012 - The Grauer School Claes Nobel, Gabe Reed Productions and World Peace One Press Conference Streams to an Audience of Over 2 Million Viewers Gabe Reed Productions, Claes Nobel and World Peace One held a news conference at the Rolling Stone club in Hollywood on December 20, 2012 to announce a series of global concerts in 2013 as part of a 10 year global peace multi-media initiative. The press conference was streamed live to over 2 million... - December 23, 2012 - Gabe Reed Productions Amma Ki Boli Being Readied for Release Next Year Amma Ki Boli is a comedy film which also has instances of satire. It takes a dig at the essence of relationships in the present world. - December 22, 2012 - Ammaa Ki Boli Adrain Washington and NDDFTV Are at It Again, This Time Theyre Bringing the Drama NDDF TV and its creator Adrain Washington have been focused on entertainment based talk and cooking shows with the inception of The Healthy Season, Online Movie Review Show and Entertainer Spotlight, Now they are venturing into dramatic television. - December 21, 2012 - No Deals With The Devil Filmworks, llc. Sundance Lab Finalist Launches Indiegogo Campaign San Francisco Film Society sponsored film The Purple Onion begins fundraising efforts for production in 2013. - December 20, 2012 - The Purple Onion Post Production Professionals Learn Invaluable Color Correction Tips at AlphaDogs Editors Lounge Film and television editors learned how waveform monitors aid in perfecting the craft of color-correction with the seminar now available on The Editors Lounge Channel. - December 19, 2012 - Alpha Dogs Post Production Bizzy Fizz Bath Treats Adds Some Luxury to GBKs Golden Globes Gifting Suite The unique bath and body line of Macomb, Michigan based designers Laura and Skylar Bisel, owners of Bizzy Fizz Bath Treats, will be showcased at the official 2013 GBK Golden Globes Gift Lounge in Beverly Hills, California on January 11-12. - December 18, 2012 - Bizzy Fizz Bath Treats Emmy-Nominated Filmmakers Bring Documentary About Ioway Indians to Iowa Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska December 17 Event Sponsored by the Kansas Humanities Council will Feature QA with Ioway Tribal Elders and Filmmakers Kelly  Tammy Rundle of Fourth Wall Films - December 17, 2012 - Fourth Wall Films Why Whiskey  Apple Pie is Good for Your Health ICareVillage, one of the largest distributors of videos on health and aging, just released a new movie called Whiskey and Apple Pie: Delicious Wit  Wisdom Across America. This inspiring award-winning movie is based on a journey of two 40-something women who travel the country for three years seeking the wisdom of men and women over the age of seventy-five. Tippi Hedren, Mickey Rooney and 30 other seniors share the secret of happiness and offer their messages to younger generations. - December 17, 2012 - ICareVillage Emmy Nominated Filmmakers New Documentary Lost Nation: The Ioway 23 to Preview in Miami, Oklahoma Ioway Tribal Elders to Appear at Oklahoma Humanities Council Event. - December 17, 2012 - Fourth Wall Films Sean Young Shoots em Up Gangster Style in Her New Movie Send No Flowers Sean Young Stars in Award Winning Director Fred Carpenter Film - December 15, 2012 - Send No Flowers Bronx Boys Show AlphaDogs Post a Good Time AlphaDogs ensures high standards in post-production delivery of the new feature-length documentary hosted by Carl Reiner. - December 15, 2012 - Alpha Dogs Post Production Amethyst Jeans to Partner with Cheer Channel as Major Brand Sponsor of Secret Diary of an American Cheerleader Amethyst Jeans, major youth denim manufacturer, will partner with Cheer Channel Inc. for the second season of the CCI hit web-series, Secret Diary of an American Cheerleader. - December 14, 2012 - Cheer Channel, Inc. Cheer Channel Announces Glitterbug Cosmetics as a Sponsor for New Series, Cheer Mashup Glitterbug Cosmetics, makeup provider for Season 1 of the Cheer Channel Inc. original web-series, Secret Diary of an American Cheerleader, will partner with CCI on a new series, Cheer Mashup. - December 14, 2012 - Cheer Channel, Inc. Gypsyland - Searching for Sarah - Wisefool TV in Partnership with Espresso TV and the Community at Large Are on Track to Complete the Gypsyland Documentary In these days of double dip recession and misrepresentations by the media, funding and distribution for films is changing. A new documentary film entitled Gypsyland is forging new collaborations. The filmmakers are using the Kickstarter crowd-funding platform to fund the project. Martyn Bray the films director says, Crowd funding will allow the Romani community to get involved with the creative process and have a direct say in whether this film gets made or not. - December 14, 2012 - Gypsyland Three Feature Films Coming to DVD in February from BayView Entertainment BayView Entertainments DVD feature film catalog adds three new titles, including two from the cult movie experts at Retromedia Entertainment, in February 2013. - December 13, 2012 - BayView Entertainment Oak3 Films and Xtreme Media Grants Access to Premium Content Interactive Drama TERRORVILLE Following the success of TERRORVILLEs launch in the Philippines last year, Oak3 Films and Xtreme Media Pte Ltd have decided to open access to the interactive drama for all audiences this Christmas. - December 12, 2012 - Oak3 Films Film Vet Ashaine Briscoe Enters the Spotlight with Quirky, Heartfelt New Shorts Long-time production assistant and art director Ashaine Briscoe is making her writing, directing, and producing debut with new short film Roadside Assistance. - December 09, 2012 - Ashaine Briscoe Inc The Whittier Rio Hondo Aids Project  P.E.A.R.L. Project Present a Special Free Screening of Straightlaced - How Genders Got Us All Tied Up The Whittier Rio Hondo AIDS Project and Pearl present a one night only screening of the gender questioning Straightlaced  How Genders Got us all Tied Up Thursday, December 20, 2012 at The Christopher Wahl Center located at 12401 Slauson Avenue, Unit G, Whittier, California 90603 at 6:30PM. - December 08, 2012 - Whittier Rio Hondo AIDS Project The Bully Film Short to Premier at the Anthology Film Archives at 32 Second Ave. New York, NY 10003 The Bully Film short to hold its first press and VIP screening January 10th, 2013. The film depicts a Muslim high school student, who endures bullying at the hands of her school mates; she finds allies in unexpected places. This production is based on the single Stop Bullying by aspiring recording artist, Jiggy Jada, and is a collaborated effort between parents, teachers, students and up and coming actors. - December 07, 2012 - Mynding My Own Bizness/ M.M.O.B. Independent Film in Brothers in Arms Need of Your Help Independent Film Looking to raise funds to start production on Film while helping Americas Heroes... - December 02, 2012 - Brothers In Arms: The Movie Malfunction Films Introduces Project Nine An experimental program to produce short and feature films. - December 01, 2012 - Malfunction Films Smart Television Could Change Our Culture For centuries television has determined the course of our actions, trends, cognitive thinking skills, and so forth in society. - November 30, 2012 - AD VYBE Public Relations & Promotions Firm Celebrating Life in Union, a Documentary Narrated by Andy Garcia and Featuring Stories of Cubas Former Political Prisoners, to Make Miami Premiere at Doc Miami Film Fest HBR Productions and Producer/Director Gladys Bensimon are pleased to announce that the Miami premiere of their documentary, Celebrating Life in Union, will take place Saturday, December 8th at 6:30 pm at the DocMiami Film Festival.Celebrating Life In Union captures the tragedy and brotherhood of a... - November 29, 2012 - HBR Production IFP Films Names First Local Executive Producer After a return to original programming this Fall, IFP Films names its 1st local Executive Producer in Saratoga Springs, NY after an exhaustive search. - November 26, 2012 - IFP Films Sensory-Friendly Showing of Rise of the Guardians, Fox Theatre Taft, CA Rise of the Guardians will be shown in a sensory-friendly and accepting environment on Saturday, December 1, 1:00 pm, Fox Theatre, Taft, CA. - November 25, 2012 - Fox Theatre Taft G-Movies: Fun Entertainment for the Entire Family Sky Angel announces the addition of G-Movies to their On Demand offerings on their FAVE and Faith Everywhere services. - November 21, 2012 - Sky Angel Actor/Co-Producer Kathy Krantz Stewart, Queen of Sci-Fi Magazine, is Vyla/Pamera and the Hag in Ethyrea: Code of the Brethren Vic and Andy Armstrong Signed on to Co-direct Ethyrea: Code of the Brethren - November 21, 2012 - Ethyrea Kultur is Proud to Announce the Release of J.R.R. Tolkien, Now Available on DVD J.R.R. Tolkien Now Available on DVDKultur is proud to announce the release of J.R.R. Tolkien, now available on DVD.This informative and entertaining film tells the story of John Ronald Reuel Tolkien, English writer, poet, philologist and author of many stories, including most famously The Hobbit,... - November 21, 2012 - Kultur International Films Ltd Kultur Announces Trip to Asia: The Quest for Harmony with Sir Simon Rattle  The Berlin Philharmonic Available on DVD December 18th Trip to Asia: The Quest for Harmony With Sir Simon Rattle  The Berlin Philharmonic Debuts on DVD December 18 - November 21, 2012 - Kultur International Films Ltd The Monster Movie Fans Guide To Japan Holiday Discount Sale The Monster Movie Fans Guide To Japan is now available at a holiday discount of 20% off the cover price. The Monster Movie Fans Guide To Japan is the worlds first and only Japan travel guide tailored to fans of Japanese science-fiction and fantasy films.This holiday special... - November 19, 2012 - Armand Vaquer, Author Bible Storyland Awarded Best Documentary Film at the Hollywood Reel Independent Film Festival Film about never-built 1960s theme park to hold West Coast Premiere in Hollywood, CA. - November 17, 2012 - Bible Storyland Hot Supermodel Turns Cool Vampire Super-model Judi Shekoni will sail to Alaska with a shipload of Twi fans. - November 16, 2012 - Cruises Cruises Cruises, Inc. Given Our Chance Movie Trailer Released from Alex King of A.K. Film Production and Editing and Izidor Ruckel of Abandoned For Life The documentary trailer for Given Our Chance has been released. Alex King of A.K. Film Production and Editing and Izidor Ruckel of Abandoned for Life/Ruckel International are happy to announce their documentary trailer. - November 15, 2012 - A.K. Film Production and Editing Man Discovers the Secret Behind His Mothers Disappearance James Saylors mother disappeared when he was a child. Now the mystery of her disappearance is solved...but more mysteries are uncovered. These videos are a prequel to the upcoming web series Shotgun Mythos. - November 15, 2012 - Growth Media AlphaDogs Post Sheds New Light on Gang Culture Using color as a storytelling tool makes a good story more interesting visually and helps to convey the emotion of the film. - November 15, 2012 - Alpha Dogs Post Production Hot Tub Cinemas New Indoor Series Opens to Sold Out Shows in London. December Dates Are Announced. Hot Tub Cinema, Londons most unique underground event has moved indoors for its autumn/winter season. Five nights of sold-out shows celebrated the Halloween season, and the fun is set to continue with the announcement of seven shows from 3rd to the 9th of December.Hot Tub Cinema, an unforgettable... - November 12, 2012 - Hot Tub Cinema offmyshelf.com Offers Worldwide Licensing Exposure for Feature Films If youve made a feature film and it is now sitting on your shelf, there is now a solution created by co-founders Abi Sirokh and Vincent Curry, its called offmyshelf.com - November 12, 2012 - offmyshelf.com Armstrong Brothers to Tag-Team Direct New Fantasy Blockbuster Film Franchise Ethyrea Coming soon to theaters is an all new, all original, fantasy adventure series that will be tag-team directed and produced by the latest edition to the Ethyrea Elite Crew: the world renowned, legendary Armstrong brothers: Vic and Andy Armstrong. From the brilliant mind of Danica Fontaine,... - November 11, 2012 - Ethyrea POP Video Launches Redesigned Website to Commemorate 2 Years POP Video has redesigned their website in honor of their 2 year anniversary. The new website will increase ease of usability for all of their clients. - November 11, 2012 - POP Video Houston Alex King of A.K. Film Production and Editing Joins with Izidor Ruckel of Abandoned for Life to Create a New Documentary Romanian Adoptees Alex King and Izidor Ruckel begin collaborating on a new documentary. Alex King, award winning filmmaker and director and editor of Born To Be Our Children, Romanian Adoption Stories has joined forces with Izidor Ruckel author of Abandoned for Life and public speaker. Filming has begun and they are excited about the journey ahead of them. - November 10, 2012 - A.K. Film Production and Editing Legend3D Beefs Up Los Angeles Office Ian Jessel, President of Legend3D, Inc., today announced the appointment of Morgan Compagnon as Director of International Sales and Pascale Marchand as Director of Communications. Both executives are based in the companys Los Angeles office at Hollywood Center Studios and report to Jessel. Legend3D is one of the worlds most innovative 3D media companies and is currently engaged in major studio releases for 2013. - November 09, 2012 - MPRM Communications Deja Vu Vietnam Saigon Documentary Now Online at DejaVuVietnam.Net Deja Vu Vietnam: Saigon, a documentary giving viewers unique historical footage focused on revisiting the sights, sounds and history of Old Saigon and Cho Lon areas Vietnam Veterans, expatriates, former French Colonialists and Vietnamese knew and remember from early French Colonial rule during the late 1800s through the Vietnam Era of the 1900s to present day Saigon. - November 08, 2012 - Deja Vu Vietnam Press Releases 251 - 300 of 2,400 Page: Previous | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | Next Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help 