 Download Auto Cross Racing Apps Games News Features Answers Search WINDOWS MAC PALM OS POCKET PC WEB APPS SYMBIAN BLACKBERRY JAVA WINDOWS MOBILE IPHONE ANDROID WINDOWS PHONE EN ES FR DE IT BR ZH PL NL JP TR KO SV Login Safe downloads and expert advice Search Softonic Search: Choose platform All software Windows Web Apps Mac Palm OS Pocket PC Symbian Blackberry Java2ME Windows Mobile iPhone Android Windows Phone News Blog posts Answers Search Advertisement Tell your friends  Auto Cross Racing Download Safe download User 10 Essential 2 Softonic 8 Very good Very good Your rating: Your rating 0 OK Your rating has been saved Oops, something's gone wrong. Try again. License: Trial version i Language: English i OS: Windows 95 Windows 98 Windows 98 SE Windows ME Windows 2000 Windows NT Windows XP Windows Vista i Last month's downloads: 272 i Size: 43.3 MB Developer: Kjmsoftware Close Auto Cross Racing is fully compatible with: Windows 95 Windows 98 Windows 98 SE Windows ME Windows 2000 Windows NT Windows XP Windows Vista You'll also need: Minimum requirements Minimum Recommended Processor: 1,0 GHz 1,4 GHz Memory: 256 MB 512 MB Video: 64 MB 128 MB DirectX: DirectX 7.0. DirectX 9.0c. Auto Cross Racing is also compatible with   Windows 95 Windows 98 Windows 98 SE Windows ME Windows 2000 Windows NT Windows XP Windows Vista Close Available languages English Close Versions of Auto Cross Racing All versions of Auto Cross Racing Version License Language O.S. Download Auto Cross Racing 19/04/07 Trial version English Windows 95 Windows 98 Windows 98 SE Windows ME Windows 2000 Windows NT Windows XP Windows Vista Download Did you know about a new version? Tell us I don't want to know about new versions of this program any more - remove it from my favorites Let me know when a new version is available and add this program to my favorites Close Limitations One circuit Author's description 0 1 2 3 4  Auto Cross Racing is a top-down racing car game in classic micro-machines style. The aim of the game is to unlock each successive track by finishing in the top 3 places of the previous race. Once all 10 tracks are unlocked, (5 tracks in easy mode) you will be able to race for the championship trophy on the last track. Cash is earned as each race is completed and new cars will become available for purchase as each new track is unlocked. Each successive car is capable of a superior performance than the previous one. In order to stand a fighting chance against the increasing levels of difficulty of the AI cars and tracks, you will need to upgrade your car at regular intervals. Start your engines! TESTED VIRUS FREE - Softonic GUARANTEED Auto Cross Racing is virus-free! We've analyzed the latest version of Auto Cross Racing with 30 antivirus engines and found that it’s virus-free. See scan results . Download Auto Cross Racing Advertisement Top Downloads: Touring United States Choose your country India United States Pakistan Indonesia Philippines Romania United Kingdom Thailand Vietnam Egypt Malaysia Saudi Arabia Turkey Canada Brazil Greece Australia Serbia Global Softonic - Top Downloads 1440 Top Downloads Need for Speed: Most... Become the most notorious Need for Speed Underground 2 Need for Speed Carbon Driving Speed Live for Speed ... 42 Auto Cross Racing Top Rated | Best Sellers Softonic - Top Downloads 1440 Top Downloads Need for Speed: Most... Become the most notorious Need for Speed Underground 2 Need for Speed Carbon Live for Speed Driving Speed ... 42 Auto Cross Racing More User reviews Auto Cross Racing Be the first to review: In the next step, you can expand your comments. Review Questions and answers Auto Cross Racing How to disable snooze function? Password, Software utilities, Status Under discussion Answers: 0 answers *****cannot translate without context******** Answer Need help? Ask a question. Write a title for your question. In the next step, you'll be able to add more details to your question. Ask Discover alternatives to and add-ons for Auto Cross Racing Alternatives to Auto Cross Racing Need for Speed: Most Wanted Trial version Become the most notorious + Softonic 8 8 User 7.7 7.7 Tile Racer Free Realistic stunt racing + Softonic 8 8 User 9.0 9.0 Download Softonic's Choice Need for Speed Carbon Trial version Prepare yourself for the most customizable Need For Speed yet + Softonic 10 10 User 7.8 7.8 Download Compare with Auto... Auto Cross Racing  Softonic 8 8 User 10 10 Download Addons for Auto Cross Racing Auto Cross Racing doesn’t have any addons yet. Would you recommend any to us? Tell us Searches Auto Cross Racing car and fighting games fast and furious 5 game download free free car racing games 2700 classic Auto Cross Racing free download Auto Cross Racing download free Auto Cross Racing free download Auto Cross Racing classic 3d car racing games free download free motor car racing games motor cross free style motor games cross racing championship 2005 10 fast and furious racing touring car championship motor cross championship games Sponsored links Other languages Auto Cross Racing Auto Cross Racing in Spanish (ES) Auto Cross Racing's multimedia gallery  Laws concerning the use of this software vary from country to country. We do not encourage or condone the use of this program if it is in violation of these laws.  Advertisement  Searches: Popular searches Other searches A a a a a a l l videos A a a a a a l l software About us Softonic Info Help & Support Jobs Softonic News Legal Information Developers Softonic Developer Center Upload and Manage your Software Promote your Software Monetize your software Partners Advertising Opportunities Users Become a fan of Softonic Follow us @Softonic Google+ LinkedIn Flickr Subscribe to our RSS feeds Softonic for Windows Softonic Answers Softonic Moba Softonic Newsletter OnSoftware The name and logo of Softonic are registered trademarks of SOFTONIC INTERNATIONAL S.L. Copyright SOFTONIC INTERNATIONAL S.L.  1997-2013 - All rights reserved Virus Free Softonic Best Place to Work Europe Winners of the European Business Awards 