 Skip to main content  AE News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤 Arts  Entertainment in Phoenix ‘Price’ bewilders, ‘Kon-Tiki’ sets sail and ‘Pawn’ shocks on DVD Among the movies that became available Tuesday, Aug. 27 on Blu-ray and DVD at retail stores and rental outlets throughout the Valley are a drama pairing Dennis Quaid with Zac Efron, an adventure flick about a 4,300-mile... Continue Japanese pop starlette, Kylee, is from Chandler and creating a stir world-wide Kylee Saunders, better known mononymously as Kylee, is a Japanese American singer. She is signed onto Sony Music Japans DefStar Records label according to Wikipedia. Kylee has more than 4 million youtube clicks and counting. Did you know... Continue Krishna Das opens up off-stage in “One Track Heart” One Track Heart: The Story of Krishna Das 3.5 / 5 stars -I think of him as someone who can convey emotion and belief and spirit with his voice, and that makes it very... Continue Jack Reno Series first installment is a must read Title: Walking with DucksAuthor: Martin A. Nalitz, Jr.Publisher: Book LockerPublish Date: October 2011ISBN: Kindle-9781614346159ISBN: Print-9781614345077Who is the Author?Martin graduated from the University of Pittsburgh with a degree in English Writing. While attending the University, he wrote... Continue Video Actor Dallas Roberts talks ‘The Walking Dead’ (Video) Actor Dallas Roberts recently spoke with Breakthrough Entertainment and Phoenix Movie Examiner about his role as Milton Mamet in AMCs television series The Walking Dead.In the third season of The Walking Dead... Continue Enter to win VIP seats at an advance screening of ‘Short Term 12’ Breakthrough Entertainment, in collaboration with Phoenix Movie Examiner, is giving its listeners an opportunity to see a free advance screening of Cinedigms new drama Short Term 12.In Short Term 12, Brie... Continue ‘Mortal’ decays, ‘Scenic’ shocks and ‘Next’ entertains in theaters Among the new movies that were released Friday, Aug. 23 in theaters throughout the Valley are the latest entry in the young adult book-to-film adaptation craze, a dramatic thriller in which Josh Duhamel sports a mohawk and a... Continue Zero The Heroes: How Some Punks From The Desert Conquered The Big Bad World By: Jaime En FuegoEnFuegoMedia@gmail.comSeeing one of your favorite bands live for the first time is the kind of thing that will forever stick out in your mind and I will certainly never forget the... Continue Movie Review: Youre Next (2013) Starring Sharni Vinson An immediate ominousness presents itself from the very start, intruding on an older man and a disinterested college girl in bed together, with a voyeuristic camera prodding the uninhabited corners of the screen. Creating anticipation and dread, the blurred edges... Continue Movie Review: The Worlds End (2013) Starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost Relying heavily on rapid-fire dialogue and colorful conversations, The Worlds End quickly forgets not only the moral its trying to convey, but also how to channel its energy to create a consistent tone... Continue Video Actress Sharni Vinson talks ‘You’re Next’ (Video) Actress Sharni Vinson, whose film credits include Step Up 3D and Bait, recently spoke with Breakthrough Entertainment and Phoenix Movie Examiner about her role in the new horror flick Youre Next... Continue Video Actor Josh Duhamel talks ‘Scenic Route’ (Video) Actor Josh Duhamel, whose film credits include Win a Date with Tad Hamilton and the Transformers franchise, recently spoke with Breakthrough Entertainment and Phoenix Movie Examiner about his role in the new dramatic thriller... Continue Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 … next last  AE News Life Leisure Sports Tech Video    🔎 👤 Facebook Twitter Linkedin Googleplus Pinterest Company Links About us OnTopic custom content Advertise with us Career opportunities Examiner.com blog Today in Photos Sitemap Arts & Entertainment |  2006-2013 Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com  Privacy Policy  Terms of Use  About us  Featured Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Interviews Celebrity Style Hot Bodies Movies Summer Movies Comedy Horror Drama TV Reality TV Big Brother True Blood Americas Got Talent More topics Music YA Fiction Cultural Arts Animation Performing Arts Arts and Exhibits Books More topics Featured Food and Recipes Food Recipes Drinks Restaurants Spa and Beauty Makeup Skin Care Spas Hair and Nails Travel Budget Travel Local Getaways Airlines Travel Deals More topics Autos and Motorcycles Bars and Clubs DIY Mechanic Home Improvement Hobbies More topics Featured Home and Living Weddings Gardening Home Improvement Decorating Pets Dogs Cats Other Pets Pet News Family and Parenting Parenting Issues Single Parenting Child Safety Toys Games and Gear More topics Fashion Health and Fitness Education Religion and Spirituality Weight Loss and Dieting Relationships Green Living Nutrition Neighborhoods More topics Featured Politics Political Buzz Democrat Republican Political Issues News Top News Strange News Crime and Courts Extreme Weather Business and Finance Personal Finance Small Business Industry Marketing and PR More topics Science and Space Stock Market Immigration Policy and Issues Gun Control Environment Weather and Climate Independent Nonpartisan More topics Featured Sports NFL MLB NBA NHL Recreation Fight Sports Action Sports Endurance Sports Recreational Sports Outdoor Rec and Adventure Hunting and Fishing Hiking Camping Water Sports More topics College Sports General Sports Running Soccer Fantasy Sports MiLB Fight Sports Motorsports More topics Featured Games Consoles Xbox One Playstation 4 PC Games Gadgets and Tech Tech Gear Tablets iPhone Google Glass Internet Social Media Tech Research Facebook Anonymous More topics Card Games Handheld Games MMOGs Other Games Photography More topics Follow Us Twitter Facebook GooglePlus User login  do not change Contact Email Contact Email2 Contact Url Subscribe to Blog Remember my Info Log in Sign in with your email and password. Or reset your password . Email * Password * Write for us Interested in becoming an Examiner and sharing your experience and passion? We're always looking for quality writers. Find out more about Examiner.com and apply today! Learn more   