  Henderson Community College Skip to Content Apply Now Student Self-Service User Account Center E-mail Blackboard Help Contact Us Henderson Community College Search Go Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents Alumni Job-Seekers Visitors & Community About Us Academics Admissions Costs  Aid Student Life Giving Workforce Solutions Adult Education Dental Hygiene Clinic HCC Lean Committee Henderson Fine Arts Center About the Fine Arts Center Fine Arts Center FAQ McCormick Hall Seating Chart Upcoming Events & Tickets Using the Henderson Fine Arts Center Meet Our Alumni Maps and Directions Meet Our Employees Meet Our Students Our College at a Glance Our Mission and Vision Our Sites Our Leadership Faculty and Staff Directory Offices and Departments Institutional Accreditation President's Suggestion Box Vendor Information Contact Us Home  About Us  Henderson Fine Arts Center Related Links Visitors and Community Giving Henderson Fine Arts Center Welcome to the Henderson Fine Arts Center, located on the campus of Henderson Community College. In this unique lake-side setting, Henderson Fine Arts Centers concerts and shows embrace a wide variety of the performing arts such as music, dance, drama, and comedy. We arethe center for it all ! The Henderson Area Arts Alliance , celebrating 20 seasons ,presents a full season of mainstage and family shows at Henderson Fine Arts Center. The Center's fully-equippedvenue includes the 981-seat McCormick Hall, Stagg Meeting Room, Scott Foyer and Logan Gallery. Thegalleries regularly display work of national recognition such as OVAL s Kentucky National Wildlife Exhibit and the Art of Recycling Exhibit. In addition to being the focal point for the cultural arts in the community, Henderson Fine Arts Center can be utilized for seminars, conferences, meetings, receptions, and dinners. Our professional staff will cater to your needs with gracious service and attention to detail. Henderson Fine Arts Center Guild is the volunteer organization for the building. Numerous volunteer opportunities are available such as ushering, helping backstage, working the concessions, and assisting with special events. We invite you to be a part of Henderson Fine Arts Center Guild. Please call 270.831.9800 or email for more information.  Henderson Community College 2660 S. Green Street, Henderson, KY 42420 Phone: 270-827-1867 | Toll Free: 800-696-9958 | Emergency Notification HCC is an equal educational and employment opportunity institution . Privacy and Terms Questions About This Web Site Mobile Version Kentucky Community  Technical College System 