 Home How it works Manage Join Tags Posts Stats Contact Us Search Search Blogs on celebrity 1 pa follow sa tumblr BINATILYO.tumblr.com meme megusta meme! Tags: picture , funny , celebrity , new , lol Visitors: 3,406| 2 Best Filipina Girls Massive Pictures Collection of Filipina Girls from Facebook, Friendster and Myspace. Tags: Pinay , Filipina , Amateur , Celebrity , Filipino Visitors: 1,349| 3 The Coolest Internet Newspaper Delivering you fast and up-to-date internet news on various topics such as entertainment and sports. Tags: News , Sports , Entertainment , Celebrities , Celebrity Visitors: 465| 4 Asia Ultmate Story A blog of Story,video,photo celebrity, and model Tags: video , story , celebrity , model , movies Visitors: 347| 5 What the Heck? Trending Now What the Heck? Trending Now...provides the most daring and engaging news, updates and information about everything under the sun Tags: celebrity , gossips , hottest news , music , technology Visitors: 323| 6 Quoted News Latest news around the world. Tags: news , entertainment , sports , celebrity , technology Visitors: 313| 7 Pinay Onlines Home of the Sexiest Filipino Women Online Tags: Pinay online , Model , Celebrity , Filipina , Sexy pinay Visitors: 308| 8 Pretty Filipina Girls Blog Online resource of profile and photos of Pinay celebrities, models and non-showbiz personalities Tags: filipina , pinay , celebrity , models , non showbiz Visitors: 261| 9 SjeeDumbo Memoirs Bonjour! This is my personal blog where you can read really interesting stuff. From showbiz to current events and from anything I like to something that will interest you. Have a great time. Merci beaucoup! God bless... Tags: Celebrity , Cosmo Men , Markki Stroem , Naked , Showtime Visitors: 210| 10 Mind Relaxing Ideas Information, opinion and entertainment are combined!!! Tags: celebrity , music , Philippines , tv , movies Visitors: 179| 11 EUTS: everything under the sun This blog can give you everything under the sun; popular emails, texts, personal experience, celebrity update, showbiz news and other funny and most memorable happenings here, there and everywhere, EVERYTHING as long as it is UNDER THE SUN… Tags: personal , pinoy , showbiz , school , celebrity Visitors: 164| 12 toni gonzaga fans club-toniliciousz a site for toni gonzaga Tags: artist , toni gonzaga , toniliciousz , celebrity , filipino Visitors: 163| 13 Campfire Media Blog This blog follows the photography projects of San Francisco native and photographer Jar Concengco of Campfire Media. Tags: fashion , photographer , manila , celebrity , misa Visitors: 99| 14 Boracay Beauty Beach Girls We bring you the beauties of Boracay Island Philippines. From the 7km. stretch of white sandy beaches, resorts, natural sceneries, sunrise, sunsets, to the beautiful exotic girls of the Philippines! Tags: travel , bikini , scandal , celebrity , sexy Visitors: 98| 15 Babes Next Door A Collection of Photos and Videos of Hot Babes From Local Celebrities to Hollywood Hotties. Tags: celebrity , sexy , scandal , fhm , babes Visitors: 86| 16 Hot Pinoy! Your hottest pinoy celebrity and showbiz news online! Tags: Entertainment , Celebrity , Showbiz , GMA7 , ABS-CBN2 Visitors: 73| 17 Spotkon SpotKon wants you to have a daily dose of anything critical and informative in our growing pop culture. Know more about the latest gossip, your favorite celebrities, fashion trends, movies and television. Tags: Celebrity , Movies , Music , Controversy , Asian Visitors: 65| 18 Fine Frints celebrating Filipina beauty through print media and the internet Tags: pinay , filipina , celebrity , photography , showbiz Visitors: 61| 19 My Pinay Mag A blog about anything thats worth posting for. Tags: magazine , pinay , celebrity , hollywood , personal Visitors: 54| 20 Celebrity Cracks All time entertainment and celebrity blog in the Philippines. Tags: celebrity , celebrity news , celebrity video , celebrity buzz , entertainment Visitors: 54| 21 Celebrity scandal Huge quality of sexy and nacked photos for celebrity and naughty people. Absolutely free for you to downloads. Tags: asian , celebrity , teens , latina , gays Visitors: 50| 22 Nuninuninu... Chronicles my thoughts, musings, and day to day happenings that sorta defines my homosexuality. In Filipino: Chorva lang yan Tags: gay , relationship , funny , celebrity , movies Visitors: 45| 23 Bits of Rocks This is the Rocky Batara Personal and Lifestyle Blog Tags: Lifestyle , Entertainment , Celebrity , Trends , Personal Visitors: 44| 24 True Pinay Beauties warning: [R-18] ADDICTIVE CONTENTS [R-18]sexy hot cute awesome yummy lovely pretty FilipinaEnjoy viewing those lovely PINAY ladies. Thank you!!! Tags: pinay , filipina , scandal , philippines , celebrity Visitors: 44| 25 Showbiz Cheese Philippines and Hollywood Showbiz Celebrity News Tags: showbiz , celebrity , pinoy , artista , entertainment Visitors: 36| 26 Celebrity Startalk and Fashion The latest news and controversy about your favorite celebrity Tags: entertainment , fashion , celebrity , pinoy celebrity news , latest celebrity news Visitors: 35| 27 Today Infolicious Tomorrow Today Advance News and Technology Information Tags: news , technology , android , celebrity , loans Visitors: 32| 28 Philippines Hottest Models The home of the hottest and the most prestigious celebrity in the Philippines. Tags: model , entertainment , teens , celebrity , philippine models Visitors: 31| 29 The Celebrity Republic Balanced and fearless celebrity news and gossips. Tags: celebrity , hollywood , scandals , gossip , television Visitors: 29| 30 TOPFASHION Fashion,beauty,celebrities,luxury and glamour. Follow me! Tags: fashion , luxury , glamour , celebrity , photography Visitors: 29| 31 Gracia Fashionista Latest fashion trends, hot new designers, deals on clothing and accessories, apparel industry news, celebrity style and more - Tags: Celebrity , Beauty Tips , Fitness , fashion trends , Best deals/sales Visitors: 19| 32 The Hash Tag Network The Hash Tag Network is your primary source of hot trending news on the world wide web. Tags: Trending news , Technology news , Entertainment , Current events , Celebrity Visitors: 16| 33 Vurnuhs Lounge Clashing of different ideas form entertainment to lifestyle Tags: points of view , vurnuhs lounge , celebrity , entertaining , personal lifestyle Visitors: 14| 34 Pinoy Hot Zips! Latest Pinoy Hot Celebrity News in a Zip! Tags: Celebrity , Entertainment , Latest , Hot , Pinoy Visitors: 11| 35 Little Miss J Jessica will travel the world with her pink lipstick on. Tags: photography , everythingunderthesun , celebrity , adventure , fashion Visitors: 9| 36 ::| j3yZs0N!c |:: A PINOY blog of fun for all ages of time to explore and discover news updates, latest entertainment, todays leisure, hobbies, and other related informations that is worth for living Tags: jeyzsonic , entertainment , pinoy , bloggista , celebrity Visitors: 9| 37 oopsteka entertainment Magazine Blog Tags: Entetainment , celebrity , red carpet , Magazine , hollywood Visitors: 9| 38 projeks® A Blog about great finds while doing Blog Walks. Mostly photos  Images as well as Bio of pretty women and those that made the world a better place. Iphone Tips and Tricks as well as Boxing Greats are featured as well. Tags: Pinay , Pinoy , Celebrity , Sexy , Expose Visitors: 7| 39 OneforElmoMags BLOG created for Elmo Magalona (fan-made) Tags: Celebrity , Fan-Made , Updates Visitors: 5| 40 eveof87 Get updates with whats new and happening in lifestyle media circles such as articles and interviews with big-time celebs, whats in fashion, beauty product releases. Read on. Tags: fashion , beauty , showbiz , celebrity , current events Visitors: 3| 41 Pinay Litrato Collection of Fresh Pinay Celebrity Pictures. Tags: Kapamilya , Kapuso , Filipina , Pilipina , celebrity Visitors: 3| 42 Shakervidz Hot Celebrities Latest Hot  Sexy Celebrity Content. Ebony Hollywood, Celebrity Scandal, Celebrity Spanker, Paparazzi stalkers, Reality Star Scandals, Fake Fantasy, Oriental Celebs, Dirty Teen Celebrities, Sexy Male Celebrities, Mr. Skin, Hardcore Hollywood. Tags: celebrities , scandals , babes , celebrity , hollywood Visitors: 3| 43 Best Google Trends bringing you the latest trends Tags: entertainment , news , celebrity Visitors: 3| 44 The Haute The Haute is a guide for young independent ladies in the best cities around the world, bringing only the latest in fashion, beauty, food, lifestyle, and everything else you want to know. Tags: Fashion , Beauty , Food , Photography , Celebrity Visitors: 3| 45 The Yahoo Kid The Yahoo Kid blog is a compilation of latest news and events in the Philippines and around the world. Mostly news about celebrity, sports, politics, finance and more Tags: celebrity , politics , sports , finance , news Visitors: 2| 46 Arts.Life.Kristine A blog that showcases most of my celebrity and non-celeb artworks plus some entries about my life. Tags: art , illustration , kpop , celebrity , pretty Visitors: 2| 47 The Entertainment Journal TV Bringing The Latest TV Show replays in the Philippines in the comfort of your home! Tags: entertainment , television , celebrity , movies Visitors: 2| 48 Chattersville Internet Cafe Tambayan Tags: computer , charity , news , celebrity , movie Visitors: 1| 49 Pinoy Stardom Pinoy Stardom is the online Pinoy Celebrity News, Gossips, Photos, Commercials, TV Shows and Movies. Tags: celebrity , movies , concerts , pinoy , artist Visitors: 1| 50 Pinay Stardom Pinay Stardom is the online Pinay Celebrity News, Gossips, Photos, Commercials, TV Shows and Movies. Tags: celebrity , movies , concerts , pinay , gossips Visitors: 1| 1 2  Categories Show All Arts  Craft Books  Literature Business  Finance Community  Groups Corporate  Official Education Entertainment  Lifestyle Fashion  Beauty Food  Drink Health  Medicine Home  Living Humor Legal Marketing  SEO Music News  Journalism Personal Photoblogs Pictures  Models Politics  Government Real Estate Religion Sports  Recreation Technology  Computers Travel  Leisure Video Games Web Development  Design Follow @TopBlogsPH Top Philippine Sites Basketball Philippines Beauty & Style Philippines Business Philippines Philippine Cars Central Cats Philippines Celebrities / Showbiz Philippines Cool Kids Philippines Dogs & Pets Philippines Filipino Food Network Games Central Philippines Jobs Philippines Online Gaming Philippines Mobile World Philippines Money & Finance Philippines Religion in the Philippines Philippine Pictures & Photographs Philippine Real Estate Running Philippines Scuba Diving Philippines Tech Network Philippines Travel Network Philippines TV Philippines  2006-2013 TOPBLOGS.com.ph (formerly PinoyTopBlogs.com). Contact Us A product of Enthropia Inc  