  Liberty Auto Parts and Salvage Company officially opened its doors in 1932 under the leadership of brothers Al and Bill Gelfand, and their brother-in-law Mannie Schwartz. Bill and Al eventually sold their shares of the company, leaving Mannie with sole ownership. In 1975, Arthur Schwartz became the second-generation owner when his father turned over the reins of running the company. Arty expanded the company into a major competitor in the automotive salvage industry. Then in 2008, Brad Schwartz became the third-generation owner of Liberty Auto. Under his guidance, Brad moved the company forward into the 21st century, embracing the age of advanced technology, and continually works to maintain the competitive edge that Liberty holds over the industry. Liberty is one of the few remaining salvage yards in the city of St. Louis. It is one of the largest privately owned automotive recycling centers in the Midwest, operating on 10 acres of property. With plenty of storage space and millions of parts in stock, Liberty sells and ships to individuals, shops, and dealerships all over the country. Liberty also has free delivery service throughout the St. Louis region and parts of Illinois. Their focus is on late model salvage, both domestic and foreign. They sell quality recycled parts for cars, trucks, vans, and SUVs, and have a national locating service to help find parts not in their own inventory. Liberty strives toward integrity, quality, and responsible customer service. Their countermen are some of the most knowledgeable in the entire industry. They continually assess and review how they can improve their operations and customer relations. Throughout the years and the many changes that have affected the salvage business, the people at Liberty are proud that they have remained a leader in the automotive recycling industry. Liberty Auto Parts, Inc. | 3628 Cass Ave. | St. Louis, MO 63113 | phone: 314.531.4141 | toll free: 800.952.8514 | fax: 314.531.8108 copyright 2010. All rights reserved. 