 Voices Home Ten Visual Aid Art and Craft Ideas for Literature Presentations Craft Ideas for Middle and High School Visual Book Reports Arene Penelope , Yahoo! Contributor Network Oct 25, 2010 "Share your voice on Yahoo! websites. Start Here ." More: Literature Craft Ideas Crafting Ideas Flag Close Post a comment Introducing arts and crafts into the core curriculum of classrooms has significantly helped English, Literature, and Language Arts teachers succeed in making learning fun. Specifically, high school Literature was one of my favorite classes in that visual aids were required as part of our literature presentations. For the novel, Siddhartha , I remember making a diorama that portrayed the major symbols. Because art and craft projects help to engage students especially in reading assignments, middle and high school students will benefit from the following ten arts and craft ideas for literature presentations. Board or Card Game A board or card game is a great craft idea for analyzing the characters and events from a book. One example of a game to model after is Guess Who . This game can be created by drawing each character's face in full detail and writing his/her name underneath. Two players take turns asking up to 20 yes/no questions about characters' physical traits to guess the identity of the mystery person. Sample deduction questions include "Does the character wear glasses?" "Is the character a child?" Does the character have curly hair? Character Photo Shoot A great photography craft idea is to choose one character from the novel and design or put together an outfit that the character would wear based on his/her personality and the setting. Pose as the character would and describe the photos during your class presentation. Collage A simple craft idea to use as a visual aid is a collage, an arrangement of pictures glued to a poster. I have made a number of collages using a poster board, magazine images, scissors, and glue. Drawings may also be used to depict characters and scenes of a book. Diorama As mentioned above, I have a vivid memory of creating a diorama for my high school visual book report on the novel Siddhartha . A diorama is simply a 3-D visual model that many students make to convey the setting, a scene, a symbol, the main idea, or the tone of a book. Dioramas are often crafted using shoe boxes, clip art or drawings, scissors and glue. Gift or Greeting Card When Literature students are assigned visual book reports during the holiday season, some ideal craft ideas are to create greeting cards or gifts for the main characters of a novel based on their personalities and interests. Students can then explain their reason for choosing the card or gift. Mobile Most students are familiar with crafting mobiles, or hanging structures, for visual book reports particularly when portraying symbols in a novel. Mobiles are commonly crafted with wire coat hangers, triangular and rectangular hole-punched cards, images, and string. Model Models composed of pottery clay, paper mache, fabric/yarn and stuffing are neat craft ideas for visual book reports. They may represent important characters, objects, or symbols within a book that can be tagged with description cards. Scrapbook A fun visual book report craft idea is to create a scrapbook that illustrates the novels main characters, symbols, settings, and scenes. Specifically, if a wedding is one of the events in a novel, drawings or clip art can be added to sequentially describe this event. TV Show A very unique craft idea for visual book reports is to create a TV show designed by cutting two slits through the base of a corrugated or shoe box; wrapping illustrated paper around a rolling pin and sliding it through the slits, scene by scene. The illustrations will contain characters and scenes from the book and can be accompanied by an audio tape when the TV show is presented. Visual Timeline While the average timeline is composed of numbers and words to describe dates and events, a visual timeline includes illustrations that are drawn, printed out, or cut out from a magazine and designed on long, rolled out paper or poster board. The images depict events and scenes and their time periods. Overall, all of these hands-on art and craft ideas for literature presentations are excellent for students who are visual learners. Involving visual aids engages students and makes reading fun by bringing variety into the classroom. Even more, these reading craft projects bring out the creative sides of all students. Sources Feber, J. Creative Book Reports: Fun Projects. Google Books. "HS-Visual Book Report-Diorama." ABC Teach website. "More Ideas Than You'll Ever Use For Book Reports." Teach Net website. Published by Arene Penelope Arene has education and training in the mental health/psychology field and has enjoying web content writing for over five years. She is also an avid fiber artist. Arene loves learning, informing, and inspiring. View profile Brown Bear: Free Homeschool Lesson Plans and Resources Brown Bear lesson plans, Coloring Pages, and craft ideas for homeschooling. Sacramento Art and Craft Fairs and Festivals in Autumn There's a multitude of fairs and festivals that take place in autumn around the Sacramento area to choose from. From festivals celebrating cultural diversity to special needs children. Craft Ideas: Turtles Halloween Craft Ideas Craft Ideas: Model Airplanes Related Content Creative Book Report Ideas for Beginners Biography Banners: a Creative Way to Have Students Complete a Book Report Six Complete VAKT Project Alternatives to School Book and Literature Reports Handprint Art and Craft Ideas for Kids Handprint Art and Animal Ideas for Preschool How to Find a Local Art and Craft Show to Sell Your Crafts! Kid's Footprint Art and Craft Ideas 0 Comments Sign in to Comment Yahoo! Voices Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel Slideshow Library Video Library Also on Yahoo! Autos Finance Games Groups Health Mail Maps Movies Music My Yahoo! News Shine Shopping Sports omg! Travel TV Contributor Network All Yahoo! Services  Yahoo! Contributor Network Join / Sign in Help Community Resources Blog Forum Promotional Tools Contests User Search Copyright  2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved. | Yahoo! Shine and Lifestyles Network. Questions or Comments Privacy Policy About Our Ads Terms of Service Copyright/IP Policy Disclaimer Careers Entertainment Auto Business Creative Writing Health Home Improvement Lifestyle News Sports Tech Travel All Categories Beauty Crafts & Hobbies Dating & Relationships Education Food & Wine Green Sign in Sign up Mail Voices Web Images Video News Local Voices Web Images Video News