 Mustang Auto Auctions  Mustang Auto Auctions Home  All Categories ----------------------------------- Mustang's all models Apparel  Merchandise Automotive Tools Car Audio, Video Car Parts Mustang Manuals Racing Parts Vintage Car Parts ----------------------------------- All Mustang Auto Auctions Home Advanced Search title  description Site Navigation Mustang Auto Auctions Home Mustang Auto Auctions Sitemap Store Navigation Mustang's all models Apparel  Merchandise Automotive Tools Car Audio, Video Car Parts Mustang Manuals Racing Parts Vintage Car Parts Sponsored Links  Welcome toMustang Auto Auctions xml version='1.0' encoding='%SOUP-ENCODING%' Searching forMustang'shas never been easier thanks to search technology used byMustang AutoAuctions. No matter that type of Mustang, part or accessory youÂre looking for you are sure of finding it on our site. On our site you will findvans and parts listed by model and year. Thanks for visiting Mustang AutoAuctions and be sure to return often as our inventory is updated continually with the latestMustang bargains. General Categories Please use ourstore navigation to locate your special area of interest Note: SomeMustang types listed on our store navigation index may not always be available due to the rapped selling of inventory. If you do not find the car, part or accessoryyou are looking for please check back as our inventory is updated daily. Time: ending soonest ---------------------- Price: highest first Price: lowest first Time: ending soonest Time: newly listed  Ford : Mustang 1965 Ford Mustang, Leather, Manual, Original, Classic Mustang, 289 4v V8 Price: $8,500.00 (13 Bids) Time Left: 27m View more items on eBay Mustang Auto Auctions is not affiliated with Ford Motor Company The word Mustang used in our name is for descriptive purposes only and is not meant to imply any affiliation with Ford Motor Company. All products herein are not affiliated directly with Ford unless specifically noted. Any trademarked names or trademarked logo products offered herein, which require licensing by Ford are strictly licensed by Ford through the respective manufacturer and/or distributor. Sponsored Links Conversion Van Auctions Conversion Vans at auction prices, all makes and models Vintage Car Auctions Vintage cars at auction prices Boat Auctions All types of boats from row boats to yachts to sailing we have them all. Hybrid Autos Unlimited Tired of high gas prices? Visit our site for great prices on Hybrid autoÂs, all makes and models. Privacy Policy Copyright Â© 2013 Mustang Auto Auctions Contact Us At C2Nsales@aol.com Â Templete by Creative Works 