PBS Choose Your Local Station See Stations HOME Topics Arts  Entertainment Culture  Society Health History Home  How-To News  Public Affairs Parents Science  Nature Technology Food Video TV Schedule Programs Donate  Shop  Shop PBS Home Downton Abbey Clearance Ken Burns Shop Shop By Series Recently Broadcast Arts  Drama History Science  Nature PBS KIDS Shop Kids PBS KIDS Educational games, videos and activities for kids. PBS KIDS GO! Games and shows for bigger kids. PBS KIDS PLAY! School readiness program for kids - develops 30+ skills! Parents Teachers Tonight on: Choose a station to view tonights schedule Home   Arts & Entertainment   Fine Arts Fine Arts Biography  Profiles Music Performing Arts Drama Fine Arts Folk Art  Crafts Literature  Writing Film  Television View All Video Local Slideshow: Joy of Making Art Next Avenue  You don't have to be a professional to make beautiful objects.  Continue Herman's House - Preview POV  Venture inside the relationship of a solitary confinement prisoner and an artist who befriended him. 7/8/2013 Continue The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain Full Program The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  A one-hour documentary offering a unique perspective on one of North America’s longest-running, most distinctive and exciting theatre companies. Continue 11 Apps for Aspiring Artists Next Avenue  Forget canvases and easels. Your tablet or phone can unleash your inner Renoir.  Continue Education Programs The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  A glimpse of some of the education programs offered at the Shaw Festival including a look at how an actor prepares for a performance as ensemble member Elodie Gillett demonstrates her daily makeup, hair and wardrobe rituals. Continue Painting Little Sheba The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  Head of scenic art Gwyneth Stark demonstrates painting techniques including how to “distress” wood for the set of Come Back, Little Sheba so it looks suitably old and weathered. Continue The Right Voice The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  Dialect coach Laurann Brown helps Corrine Koslo prepare for two very different roles. An extended look at dialect coaching with Corrine Koslo and Laurann Brown. Includes more footage from the actual coaching session, as well as a more in-depth interview with Laurann describing the specific dialect challenges faced by Corrine for the season. Continue The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain Promo The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  An one hour documentary offering a unique perspective on one of North America’s longest-running, most distinctive and exciting theatre companies. Continue Palm Springs, CA (Hour 1) - Preview Antiques Roadshow  One of the most valuable objects ever appraised on the series; California plein air paintings stolen from a private collection. 6/10/2013 Continue Don't-Miss List: Rod Stewart, Cannes and More Next Avenue  See it! Hear it! Read it! Do it! The best of movies, TV, music, books and beyond.  Continue Amid Turmoil, an American 'Prince' Returns to Russia PBS NewsHour  Ballet star David Hallberg returns to the stage of the famed Bolshoi theatre in Moscow this summer for the first time since an acid attack left Bolshoi artistic director, Sergei Filin, badly burned and nearly blind last January. Hallberg became the first American principal dancer at the historically insular company in 2011. Continue Lighting Hedda Gabler and the Fire in the Stove The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  Interviews with lighting director Kevin Lamotte, head of construction John Vanidour, and head of props Wayne Reierson on the challenges of lighting Hedda Gabler and the construction of a working stove for a dramatic scene in the play. Continue How to Shift to an Artistic Career in Midlife Next Avenue  You don't need to be an artist to enter a creative field after 50. Here's how to feed your soul, if not your wallet.  Continue The Evolving Mandate The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  International Shaw Society President Leonard Conolly, Executive Director Elaine Calder, former Artistic Director Christopher Newton and current Artistic Director Jackie Maxwell discuss the evolving mandate of the Shaw Festival. Continue The Costume and Prop Warehouse The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  An extended tour of the props and costume warehouse with head of props Wayne Reierson and head of wardrobe Tanya Apostolidis. Continue Rehearsing a Scene The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  An extended opportunity to watch actors Julia Course and Kevin McGarry rehearse a scene from Come Back, Little Sheba outside of the Festival Theatre. Continue Radical Rebel with a Cause The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain  Learn about George Bernard Shaw, the ultimate provocateur who challenged all types of conventional ideas in this bonus video from The Shaw Festival: Behind the Curtain designed for use with the "Radical Rebel with a Cause" classroom activity. Continue Coming to PBS - 2013 Preview Reel PBS  More reasons to watch than ever before. Preview what's coming soon to PBS. Continue Coming to PBS - 2013 Sizzle Reel PBS  More reasons to watch than ever before. Preview what's coming soon to PBS. Continue Seattle (Hour 1) - Preview Antiques Roadshow  A Vladimir Kagan desk used by Kagan himself and an 1874 Francis A. Silva oil painting. 5/13/2013 Continue more Providing Support for pbs.org Learn More Sign Up for the PBS Previews Newsletter Get the latest information about upcoming PBS programs delivered to your inbox every week. Donate Show Your Support for PBS. Make an online donation and open a world of new ideas. Donate Now. Editors Picks Previous Steve Jobs: One Last Thing Sherlock’s Martin Freeman  Benedict Cumberbatch; Comic-Con Eat, Fast and Live Longer with Michael Mosley POV: Neurotypical Nature: Outback Pelicans Austin City Limits: Rosanne Cash / Brandi Carlile After Newtown: Guns in America William Kentridge: Anything Is Possible Next Explore Topics Arts  Entertainment Culture  Society Health History Home  How-To News  Public Affairs Parents Science  Nature Technology Media Resources Videos Blogs Newsletters Widgets Facebook Twitter YouTube PBS Community Ombudsman Producing for PBS Newsroom PBS Sites PBS KIDS PBS Video PBS Parents PBS Teachers PBS Arts PBS Shop PBS Kids Shop About PBS Donate PBS Foundation TV Schedules Career Opportunities Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright 1995 – 2013 Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). All rights reserved. Our partner in public broadcasting: 