 follow us on twitter , facebook , pinterest , youtube , foursquare and google+ what is cheapism a helpful & lucid review site for all things budget  the new yorker Computers & Internet Home & Garden Kitchen Electronics Family Fitness & Sports Health & Beauty Travel Local Blog Home  Family  Car Seats Best Cheap Car Seats, Cheap Convertible Car Seats Review Cheapism Mid-range High end $50 $100 $200 ...+  Pin It In this review: Best Cheap Car Seats, Cheap Convertible Car Seats Review Car Seat Harness, LATCH System Car Seat Weight Limits, Car Seat Size Car Seat Reviews Best Car Seats Discount Car Seats Features Comparison Table Sign up for our Free Newsletter Related Guides: Baby Carriers , Baby Monitors , Baby Swings , Booster Seats , Cribs and Diapers Cheap Car Seats Buying Guide Following car seat safety guidelines can mean cycling through three different seats before a child is big enough to ride in a car without one. That makes cheap car seats a must for many parents. Rear-facing infant seats are probably the models most often found on new parents' baby shower registries. Many are designed to combine with a stroller, so they can be moved back and forth between the car and the stroller frame or simply carried around while you go about your daily business. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration encourages parents to keep children in a rear-facing seat for as long as possible and the American Academy of Pediatrics revised its policy in 2011 to recommend that children ride facing backward until age two. However, many children outgrow the height and weight limits on rear-facing infant seats before they turn two. That's where a cheap convertible car seat comes in. Convertible models are designed to do double duty by facing either backward or forward, depending on a child's age and weight and on parents' personal safety standards. The weight ranges on most convertible car seats start at about five pounds, making it tempting to buy a convertible seat right away and skip the infant seat entirely. However, government and medical experts caution that convertible car seats are rarely a good fit for newborns. Convertible car seat prices range from $50 all the way up to the three-digit stratosphere. While you could lay down upward of $200 for a convertible car seat (let's face it -- how do you put a price on your child's safety?) you don't have to spend that much to get a safe car seat. The market is dominated by products from Cosco, Evenflo, Graco, and Safety 1st, all of which offer many good options for less than $100. Beware of models that command higher prices simply for aesthetic appeal and a brand name. Britax is the car seat of choice among parents who are willing to spend more. Cheap car seats are similar in safety, build, materials, and weight limits and lack the frills found on higher-priced models. Most have a five-point harness, which experts recommend as the safest way to strap a child in. Most cheap car seats also use the LATCH system, which is found in most cars made since 2002 and relies on anchors instead of a seat belt to hold the car seat in place. (LATCH stands for lower anchors and tethers for children.) Additional features to look for when purchasing a cheap car seat include a sturdy, durable body and a removable, washable seat pad. Make sure the seat isn't too big to fit in your car or too heavy to move from car to car. Based on scores of convertible car seat reviews, parents and caregivers appreciate easy installation and comfort. Overall they seem pleased with the value they get for the money they spend on cheap car seats. Review continues below The best cheap car seats we found are the Evenflo Titan Elite ( starting at $100 , Amazon ) and the Safety 1st OnSide Air Convertible Car Seat ( starting at $64 , Amazon ), which is capable of keeping young riders facing backward up to 40 pounds. We also like the lightweight yet sturdy Graco ComfortSport ( starting at $72 , Amazon ). All three come with a five-point harness, as well as the LATCH system. One cheap car seat we aren't so fond of is the Eddie Bauer Deluxe Convertible Car Seat ( starting at $100 , Amazon ). It's a bit on the heavy side and gets very poor user reviews. by Raechel Conover ( Google+ Profile ) Back to top  Car Seat Harness, LATCH System [next]  Filed in: Autos , Baby , Car Seats , Cars , Child care , Children , Family , Kids Best Cheap Car Seats Evenflo Titan Elite  Consumers say the Evenflo Titan Elite is very secure and provides a comfortable ride. It can hold a child up to 50 pounds, exceeding the weight limits of other low-cost convertible car seats by 10 pounds or more. The seat itself weighs 12.7 pounds, comes with a removable and machine-washable seat pad, and uses the LATCH system. The five-point harness offers four shoulder-strap positions and two buckle positions.  Read more  Where to buy Not ready to buy?  Safety 1st OnSide Air Convertible Car Seat  The Safety 1st OnSide Air Convertible Car Seat allows children to remain rear-facing up to 40 pounds, the highest weight limit of any convertible car seat we researched. Kids can also face forward from 22 to 40 pounds. The five-point harness is highly adjustable, with four shoulder-strap positions and three buckle positions. This car seat uses the LATCH system, features washable fabric, and weighs 12.1 pounds.  Read more  Where to buy Not ready to buy? Good Cheap Car Seat Graco ComfortSport  The Graco ComfortSport impresses parents with its easy installation and perceived comfort. Weighing in at 12 pounds, it seats children rear-facing up to only 30 pounds and forward-facing from 20 to 40 pounds. It uses a five-point harness with three shoulder-strap positions and the LATCH system for installation. The seat pad is removable and machine washable.  Read more  Where to buy Not ready to buy? Cheapism.com on Facebook Don't Bother Cheap Convertible Car Seat Eddie Bauer Deluxe Convertible Car Seat Installation seems to be a major problem with the Eddie Bauer Deluxe. Consumers gripe that the instructions are complicated and the seat doesn't seem tightly secured. There are also complaints about comfort, with poor head positioning and straps that dig into tiny legs. The five-point harness system is adjustable, although the manufacturer doesn't say how exactly. The seat is equipped with the LATCH system and a removable, washable pad. It's on the heavy side, at 13.8 pounds, but can accommodate rear-facing riders up to 35 pounds, forward-facing passengers from 22 to 40 pounds, and booster-seat riders from 40 to 80 pounds.  Read more  Products Mentioned in This Review Cosco Scenera Convertible Car Seat Review Eddie Bauer Deluxe Convertible Car Seat Review Graco ComfortSport Review Evenflo Titan Elite Review Safety 1st OnSide Air Convertible Car Seat Review  Weekly Update: Best Cheap Maternity Wear, Cheap Baby Tips & More If planning for a baby, you're in luck. ... 5 Cheap or Free Activities for Grandparents Day We give suggested activities for grandparents and grandchildren to celebrate Grandparent's Day. What's in Your Kid's Diaper? Cloth diapers are cheaper but disposables more convenient; both take their toll on environment and suit some babies but not others. Find the in's and out's of both sides. Family Baby Carriers Booster Seats Breast Pumps Diapers Games and Puzzles Kids Crafts Maternity Clothes Toy Collectibles Toy Pets and Stuffed Animals Umbrella Strollers Baby Swings Double Strollers Drum Sets Educational Toys Highchairs Microscopes Amazon or Walmart Baby Monitors Car Seats Cat Food Costco or Sam's Club Cribs Family Restaurants Jogging Strollers Kids Bikes Kids Clothes Kids Shoes Lego Outlet Shopping vs. Retail Rolling Backpacks Scooters Toys Travel Systems Walmart, Target, Kmart Showdown blog about us contact us sitemap in the news privacy terms of service jobs Follow us on Facebook Twitter Sign up for our Free Newsletter  2013 Cheapism We do not accept payment or other gratuities from manufacturers or retailers to recommend or discuss their products on Cheapism.com. Nor do we accept any payment or other gratuity from websites to blog about their news stories or posts. Made in NYC  