 CREDIT RATINGS MARKET RESEARCH COMPANY REPORTS COUNTRY PROFILES MA INFO BROWSE | | login Home   Industry Snapshots   Automotive Automotive Automotive Public Companies Name Ticker (Exchange) Country Market Cap (US$M) Toyota Motor Corporation 7203(Tokyo) Japan $218,408 Volkswagen AG VOW(Frankfurt) Germany $111,293 Daimler AG DAI(Frankfurt) Germany $79,913 Honda Motor Co., Ltd. 7267(Tokyo) Japan $68,808 Bayerische Motoren Werke AG BMW(Frankfurt) Germany $65,082 Ford Motor Company F(New York Stock Exchange) United States $64,808 Hyundai Motor Company, Ltd. 05380(Korea) South Korea $51,079 General Motors Company GM(New York Stock Exchange) United States $48,528 Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. 7201(Tokyo) Japan $48,116 Denso Corporation DNZOY(Pink Sheets) Japan $42,388 AUDI AG NSU(Frankfurt) Germany $35,652 Credit Research on Automotive Market Research on Automotive News on Automotive Automotive Trade Association and Publications Autobody Online Autobody Online, a portal for the autobody specialist, provides collision industry news and a searchable archive of previously published feature stories, real time automotive news, links to auto industry-related sites, directories of parts, suppliers, catalogs of bodyshop products, discussion groups, live chat, and events information from the auto industry. Automotive Design and Production This is the online version of a publication focusing on automotive design and production. This site features access to current issues with an archive of past issues, commentary, individual departments, product information, studies/reports and links to related sites. Aftermarket Publications The site provides access to a number of automotive aftermarket business magazines: e.g. Automotive Rebuilder,Tire Review, Brake  Front End, BodyShop Business, ImportCar, etc. Auto  Truck International The online version of Auto  Truck International, a magazine that covers all aspects of the automotive industry, features industry news, magazine archives, product previews, classifieds, a bulletin board, subscription information and industry links. The magazine is available in English and Spanish. Auto and Truck International (ATI) Auto  Truck International is the online version of Auto  Truck Magazine, a trade publication serving the automotive aftermarket industry. Web site features include articles, departments, product previews, auto and national news, archives, classified, and subscription information. Auto Bild Online Auto Bild is the online version of a German magazine devoted to automobiles. Web site features include articles, road tests, a showroom, services, archives, and other resources. In German. Auto Interiors Auto Interiors is an online publication dealing with current issues and trends in automobile interior design, technology, engineering, and manufacturing. Along with feature articles and departments, the site includes a searchable archive, buyer and product guides, a new product database that can be filtered by product type, and an events calendar. AutoAsia Online AutoAsia Online is the web version of a publication providing news, timely specific corporate information, market analysis and databases, as well as and links to related resources, focusing on the world's automotive manufacturers and products. AutoInc Magazine The AutoInc magazine, published monthly, is an informational authority for Automotive Service Association members and the automotive industry nationwide. It features management, technical and legislative articles. The searchable Web site offers current and archived articles, print version data including advertising and subscription information and links to related publications. Automotive Body Repair News (ABRN) Automotive Body Repair News is a monthly trade publication serving the independent and franchised automobile collision repair industry. Web site features include news, archives, technical training, market research, new products, advertising and subscription information. about us research blog contact us privacy terms  conditions Copyright  Alacra, Inc., 100 Broadway, Suite 1100, New York, NY 10005. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission is prohibited.