 {NavHeaderFormat}{NavHeader}{/NavHeaderFormat} Think Art. Think FAMU. Home About Us HORIZONS Art Camp *Announcements* PINNACLE Trouvaille Art Auction Foster-Tanner Gallery Member Registration Form Calendar of Events Students Work Faculty Harris Wiltsher Aja Roache Liu Nan Kabuya Pamela Bowens Noble Sissle, III Alumni Corner Location Contact Us WELCOME TO THE FAMU VISUAL ART DEPARTMENT   At Florida A  M University, we want to challenge the way our students see their future in fine arts. FAMUs motto Excellence in Caring is actualized in our ability to offer small classes and individualized instruction in a nurturing atmosphere. The Visual Arts and Art Education curricula is designed to give students a knowledgeable survey of each field and expose future artists to a variety of media and academic courses for the enrichment of their creative processes to build critical, historical, philosophical and productive perspectives and prepare them for careers in the fine arts. Our goal is to develop persons qualified for positions in fine art, art administration, art history, digital imaging / animation, and related two and three dimensional art / design fields. Students in Visual Arts are directed in studio production through courses in design, drawing, printmaking, painting, ceramics and sculpture. Behind each piece of student artwork lies countless hours of research, critical reflection and the application of skills acquired in the classroom. The encouragement of a cross-pollination of traditional media and digital technology is strongly encouraged and often utilized. The Bachelor of Arts degree in Fine Arts requires a foreign language (12 hours) which allows students to pursue advanced degrees in art history and art criticism. The Bachelor of Science degree allows for more studio work to prepare students for professional careers and / or graduate school. All Fine Arts majors are required to have a formal exhibition of creative work prior to their last semester of residence. Students are expected to work closely with their advisor and the exhibition committee to fulfill this requirement. Art Education provides students with the opportunity to take basic studio courses along with courses in education in a discipline-based approach to teaching art. Current methodologies in art education are taught rigorously to prepare students for the demands of current trends in education. This approach emphasizes art criticism, art history, and aesthetics as well as art making. There is a continual call for African-American and minority teachers, and these students are prepared both in their abilities to create art and in their knowledge of African-American art history. The Bachelor of Science degree track in Art Education maintains the same core art curriculum with the inclusion of six (6) hours of student teaching and preparation for Florida Teacher Certification.   Subscribe To Our Site Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Upcoming Events No upcoming events Copyright ĂÂ 2010. Florida A Art Department.  [if IE 6]>