 Home About Us Contact Us Contribute Advertise News Archives  Lafayette Online The original online guide to Greater Lafayette, Indiana. Lafayette Online News Arts + Entertainment Business News Local  Community Purdue News Weather Forecast Classifieds Jobs in Greater Lafayette Movie Listings Dining Guide Lafayette Restaurants West Lafayette Restaurants Downtown Dining Pizza Places Bars and Taverns Community Calendar Arts  Entertainment Local Business Calendar Community Events Local Music Scene Purdue Events Arts + Culture Festivals and Feasts Lafayette Music Scene Parks and Zoos City Guide Apartments and Rentals Childcare and Daycare Churches and Religion Community Resources Neighborhood Associations New Resident Information Transportation Things to Do Places to Stay Hotels + Motels Arts + Culture | Performing Arts and Music Performing Arts in Lafayette and West Lafayette Tippecanoe Chamber Music Society Downtown Lafayettes Long Center for the Performing Arts , housed in the historic Mars Theater, features various local and traveling acts year-round. Groups like the Lafayette Ballet Company , the Lafayette Symphony Orchestra , and Bach Chorale Singers regularly appear at the Long Center. Touring acts like comedians Heywood Banks and Brian Regan have also played there. The Tippecanoe Chamber Music Society presents six concerts each season, mostly in historic Duncan Hall in downtown Lafayette. The Societys educational mission includes annual performances in local elementary schools that enhance the musical education of children. You can see the TCMS upcoming concert schedule and get more information about the group and their activities on their website. Culture and Arts at Purdue Purdue University is a rich source of culture and arts for Greater Lafayette. Purdue Convocations regularly features concerts, plays, and activities around campus, and brings major acts like Lord of the Dance and comedian Lewis Black to the Elliot Hall of Music. The Purdue Musical Organizations (PMO) has been serving the Purdue University family as ambassadors of goodwill on campus, across the country, and around the world for more than 70 years. The hugely popular Purdue Christmas Show is presented annually to a live crowd of thousands and reaches millions more through international broadcasts on public television and radio networks. The PMO is made up of a number of performing groups, including the Purdue Varsity Glee Club, Purduettes, Purdue Bells, Heart  Soul, All Campus  Community Chorale, and PMO Specialties like Ba-Na-Na, Holy Cow Girls, and Four-In-Hand. The student performers in these groups present more than 200 performances each year, and surprisingly, not a single performer is a music major  because Purdue does not even offer music as a degree objective. Additional Information Whether its visiting a museum, attending a performance, or joining an arts organization, Lafayette provides many opportunities to get involved with the arts. For information, please contact the Tippecanoe Arts Federation at the Wells Community Cultural Center. Greater Lafayette Community Calendar   August 2013 S M T W T F S 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Latest Popular Comments Subscribe Purdues Science on Tap discusses breeding hardier honeybees September 18, 2012 Ballerina vs Flash Mob at Postcards concert September 17, 2012 Free Workshop Human Trafficking: Recognizing the Signs September 17, 2012 Rock Out for Autism: Cornerstone Fall Festival, Sept 29 September 17, 2012 Purdue Womens Club Discover Series: Visit Main Street, Block by Block September 17, 2012 PUPD arrests student for possession of psilocybin mushrooms, Adderall February 18, 2010 Dozens of new Indiana laws take effect July 1 July 1, 2010 Advance tickets for Greater Lafayette’s ‘Dancing in the Streets’ now on sale July 1, 2010 Purdue creates first virtual clean room for training pharmacists April 14, 2009 Purdues Free Compliments guys to appear on Oprah March 12, 2009 Mike: Didn\'t you mean \"Beauxhemian\"?... dave muller: Same this happened to us, made comments with no re... That One Guy: The food is over priced and the smoke is terrible ... Employee of Asahi: This was before my stint started at Asahi, missed ... Employee of Asahi: Btw, if you want to come in a try again. Let us kn... Stay up to date Subscribe to the RSS feed Subscribe to the feed via email Follow/Fan Lafayette Online! About Us About Lafayette Online Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use, Policies Related Sites Hotel Reservations Lafayette Coupons Online Classifieds  1995-2011 Lafayette Online, LLC. Lafayette, Indiana  