 Entertainment, Style and Fashion News and Tips, Celebrity Gists and Gossip Worldwide Get The Latest and Past Entertainment, Style and Fashion News, Celebrity Gists and Gossip Worldwide Skip to content Home Gossips Fashion Entertainment Submissions About Us Advertise With Us Privacy Policy Contact Us   More On 2Face Traditional Outfit Auction Nicki Minaj Shows Cleavage Again At American Idols  Kenyan Female Singer Lets Fans Touch Her Private Part Posted on April 21, 2013 by admin Share Kenyan Female Singer Lets Fans Touch Her Private Part Is it for fame or just stupidity? A Kenyan singer while performing for a crowd decided to get way physical by getting don on her knees and the boys at the front stage were ofcourse, very quick in having a feel of the sluts  private part. Wat Da HeckI Am A Slut Though! At first, the thought was that she knelt down just as a matter of stage performance and when she noticed the hands were getting in, she would stand up quickly, but she didnt. Damnfame isnt by force. Kenyan Female Singer Lets Fans Touch Her Private Part Even Kim Kardashian dont get down like that! Share This entry was posted in Entertainment and tagged Crowd , Fame , Fans , Female Singer , Kim Kardashian , Knees , Slut , Stage Performance , Stupidity . Bookmark the permalink .  More On 2Face Traditional Outfit Auction Nicki Minaj Shows Cleavage Again At American Idols  Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: a href= title= abbr title= acronym title= b blockquote cite= cite code del datetime= em i q cite= strike strong  Custom Search  Recent Posts 2 Rules To Wearing A Lapel To Look Astonishing What I Need To Know About Classy Ladies Clutch How To Look Fashionable In Snake Skin How To Dress Like A Show Stopper Red Fashion  How To Wear Red Any Day Archives August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 Categories Select Category Entertainment Fashion Gossips Uncategorized Subscribe in a reader Share Share Tweet  Get feedburner subscription Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Follow Us On Twitter Follow @weheardall Like Us tech news, Tips  Tricks Unlock Your Modem - How To Unlock Any Huawei Modem Easily Which Network Has Lost Most Subscribers Because Of Porting Scheme? Love Arena What Would The Child You Were Think About The Adult You Are Today? How To Spend Your Time Wisely (For The Ladies Only?) Tips to Keeping the Spice in your Relationship!  Search for: Switch site Switch to our mobile site Entertainment, Style and Fashion News and Tips, Celebrity Gists and Gossip Worldwide Proudly powered by WordPress. Switch to our mobile site 