 Facebook Twitter  Home Why Choose Us? FAQ's Get A Quote Directions Contact Us Dealer Directory  Thank you ! We have received your message. Name Phone Email Year Make Model Mileage  Car Prices Sell Your Car Helpful Links Quick Quotes Helpful Info Contact Us 1201 Montauk Highway Copiague, New York 11726 GET DIRECTIONS  Schedule your FREE  fast cash appraisal on your used car or truck Toll Free: 1-800-592-1105 Licensed  Bonded In Accordance To New York State Regulations  Back To Selling Your Car Articles  Sell Car Without Title By Anna Finger Find me on Google+ Find out how our service keeps you from answering emails and taking calls to sell your car. We eliminate the aggravation caused by selling privately.  Depending on the laws in your neighborhood, you may or may not be able to sell your car without a title. Before you try to sell your car without a title, you should talk to your local DMV to see if it is possible, or even legal. Even if it is legal to sell your car without a title, most buyers are usually very hard up to purchase them. A car's title proves who owns the vehicle. Most car titles contain the same basic information: owner's name and address, make, model, color and mileage at time of purchase. If you try to register a car without a title, it may be a problem because the DMV then has no way of knowing if you are the true owner. Most cars that are sold without titles are because the title is in the possession of a third party, due to loans. In these cases, the seller should either pay off the balance of the loan before selling the vehicle, or arrange for the car to be sold while the lien holder transfers the title to the new owner. Some just lose the title to the vehicle they are attempting to sell. Obtaining a replacement isn't hard, but there may be some cases where that is not an option. If this becomes the case, you must either fill out a "lost title" form at your local DMV office, or go through a title service. These normally work by providing you (for a fee) with a bill of sale for your vehicle, which you then take to the DMV and obtain a title. Before using a title service, check the laws in your state. Back To Selling Your Car Articles Copyright  2012 Quick Cash Auto  Inc. Development  Maintenance by Searchen Networks  Inc. 1201 Montauk Highway Copiague, New York 11726 - Local Phone: (631) 592-9012 Toll Free: 1 (800) 592-1105 New York State Department of Motor Vehicle Facility Number: #7102059. Facility Type: Retail Motor Vehicle Dealer, Other. Home | Why Us | FAQ's | Get Quotes | Car Facts | Help | Dealers | Blog | Directions | Contact Us | Privacy | Terms | Sitemap Do You Need Cash Now? >We Can Help You  