       Tuesday, March 31, 2009 Paint Complains: Has automotive paint gone down in quality? Over the past, years, I seem to hear more gripes about thin, easily chipped paint on new cars. Toyotas, Honda, Suzuki, Subaru, etc.I read paint complaints on various forums including Yarisworld.com, FitFreak.net, SX4club.com and others. So what gives? Has paint really gotten thinner as of late? Is it a different material? Is it worse quality than it used to be? I can vouch for having a lot of rock chips on both of my newer Japanese-made cars. My 2007 Toyota Yaris liftback and my brand-spakin-new 2009 Suzuki SX4 are both chipped up. The Yaris rarely sees gravel/sand, but has still racked up a good amount of paint chips. The SX4, which has been on gravel-covered roads multiple times in the last month (I take it skiing), looks like its been pelted with gravel for a year or more. My 2005 Scion xB also was pitted badly. Then again, it had a decent amount of square frontal space to get chipped. A couple of searches on Google revealed that many (most?) auto manufacturers are now using a water-based paints instead of solvent-based finishes. The water-based paints release fewer VOCs, or Volatile Organic Compounds, which are bad for the environment. But are these water-based finishes less durable than solvent-based coatings? Just about every Web site Ive found has said the water-based coatings are as durable as the older solvent-based finishes. Most cars are painted with a base coat/clear coat system. This means a colored coat of paint is laid down, and then a clear coat of paint is put on top of that. Its the clear coat that gives cars their deep, glossy finish. According to Canadiandriver.com, most automotive clear coats are still solvent-based. However, during the auto manufacturers painting process, its the base coat that gives off the most VOCs. So, allegedly water-based paints arent any less durable than solvent-based paints. So is it possible that the paint being applied to todays cars is actually thinner than it used to be? Perhaps manufacturers arent putting as much paint on? There are ways to measure paint thickness using paint gauges, but I don't know if paint thicknesses have gotten progressively thinner over time. What about this: Could it be the shapes of todays cars that are the culprit? Lower, more rounded front ends that possibly lend themselves to being pummeled my rocks? I dont have an answer at this point. However, Id like to hear from you: Does your paint chip easily? Do you know why it seems everyone complains about their new cars paint job? LINKS Automotive Paint (JD Power) Auto Tech: Automobile painting (CanadianDriver.com)  Posted by Andy Lilienthal at 2:17 PM  Labels: editorial , new cars , Paint  3 comments: Craig Christakos said... So far so good on mine, except where it got hit with rocks mostly on the softer bumper, maybe they're trying to make it more reflective. March 31, 2009 at 3:25 PM Peter fails said... maybe since subcompacts are using lighter materials, say different kinds of metals, the paint doesnt bond as well with these newer metals then the older types. March 31, 2009 at 8:45 PM Anthony said... http://www.mmdnewswire.com/vehicle-paint-quality-6280.html April 15, 2010 at 4:32 PM Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)   Do you like subcompact sedans?  Popular Posts  Review: 2013 Hyundai Veloster Turbo: Adding some much needed grunt to a unique compact The Veloster Turbo now has enough power to match its sporty looks. Photo by Curtis Reesor. The Hyundai Veloster is a very interesting v... Chevrolet Spark vs. Mitsubishi Mirage As far as a-segment vehicles are concerned, Id venture to say the Chevrolet Spark has been pretty successful. While other a-segmen... Review: 2013 Hyundai Genesis Coupe 3.8 Track: Big power, big fun The 2013 Genesis Coupe gets an aggressive new front fascia. Our tester looked great in silver. Photo by Curtis Reesor. One of the fundam... Subcompacts dominate "10 Cheapest Cars to Own" list Most of us know that subcompacts and small cars are typically less expensive to own than larger vehicles. Many times they use less gas, and... In the Driveway: 2014 Chevrolet Volt In the driveway this week is the 2014 Chevrolet Volt. As you may know, this compact plug-in electric hybrid does have a gasoline engine o...  About Subcompact Culture Subcompact Culture is all about small vehicles. From news and reviews to cars shows and project vehicles: Subcompact is the small car blog. Thanks for stopping by, and enjoy your visit. Andy Lilienthal Contact Do you have a subcompact story idea? Want to just shoot me an e-mail? You can contact me by clicking here.  Tweets by @Subcompact  Posts  Atom  Posts Comments  Atom  Comments    Copyright 2008-2013. Powered by Blogger .  