  Tuesday 27 August 2013 ebooks i Jobs Dating Shop  Click here...  News Voices Sport Tech Life Property Arts  Ents Art News Features Reviews Great Works Architecture Music News Features Reviews Classical News Features Reviews Films News Features Reviews TV  Radio News Features Reviews Theatre  Dance News Features Reviews Comedy News Features Reviews Books News Features Reviews Puzzles and Games Edinburgh Festival No.6 Travel Money IndyBest Blogs Student Offers  Syria Fukushima Apprenticeships George Osborne Greece Michael Gove Click here... Arts  Ents > Art > Features  Hammer and tickle: The dark humour of Soviet art Two satirical shows of Russian art at the Saatchi Gallery mock both Soviet and present-day regimes. Michael Glover delights in their dark humour Michael Glover Monday 26 November 2012 Print  Your friend's email address Your email address Note: We do not store your email address(es) but your IP address will be logged to prevent abuse of this feature. Please read our Legal Terms & Policies A A A Email VIEW GALLERY What is the story of art in Russia in the dying decades of the great communist experiment? And what has happened since? Two new shows at the Saatchi Gallery aim to give some comprehensive answers. The first is a survey of the art that was coming out of Moscow from the 1960s onwards. The second presents the art of Russia now, a society free of the burden of fake idealism, and free to run riot at the behest of crony capitalism. The first of the two shows is penned – yes, that’s sadly how it feels – into four galleries at the top of the building. It shows us a wide-ranging sample of the art of the samizdat years, art which dared not speak its name or show its face in public – and which got made all the same. Here are the mysterious metaphysical paintings of Vladimir Veisberg, who painted as if communism was an irrelevant mystery quite beyond his ken. Here are the sombre urban canvases of Oscar Rabin, who shows us wonky, dreary-looking buildings, thickly painted in a palette of doom. And here, gay and exhilarating beyond all measure, are the defiant products of the Sotsart movement and, most striking of all, the extraordinarily mocking work of Vitaly Komar and Alexander Melamid, huge canvases in gloriously deflating mimicry of social realism at its most gaily triumphal. Gaily? It was in fact Joseph Stalin who said that gaiety was the most  outstanding feature of the Soviet Union, in a speech that was delivered, without any burden of irony (one assumes), in 1935. That quotation has been deftly incorporated into the title of the survey show of art from Russia in the downstairs galleries, which brings together work by painters, photographers, sculptors and installation artists, 18 of them in all, and many of them emerging artists exhibiting outside Russia for the first time. Needless to say, there is no gaiety here, no art that seems to have been created in a spirit of joyous, carefree abandon. Which is not to say that this show lacks humour. There is much humour here, but it is of the baleful, hollow, savage kind, ever mindful of the fact that there can be no such thing as a creative life in Russia today that is unaffected, untrammelled or unhaunted by the great communist experiment, the collapse of the Soviet Empire in 1989, and its messily complicated aftermath. In fact, the very best of the work here, by Boris Mikhailov, Valery Koshlyakov and Janis Avotins, seems to derive its energies from the fact that it is fiercely responding to and commenting upon everything that has gone before. Mikhailov, the oldest artist on show here, is given two entire galleries to himself, as if to point up the importance of his contribution to the argument of this exhibition. Mikhailov is a Ukrainian photographer (it is interesting to note that two of the artists I have singled out for particular attention are not strictly speaking Russian artists at all – Janis Avotins is from Latvia – although they would once have been regarded as Soviet citizens) who has been documenting life in the Ukraine in general, and his native city of Kharkov in particular, since the 1980s. The particular project on display here is called Case History. There is a terrible, brutish matter-of-factness about Mikhaliov’s giant colour photographs of the bruised, tottering down-and-outs of his native city. They show themselves off with a kind of shameless pride, hoicking up layers of clothing to reveal a triangle of pubic hair or a lumpy, misshapen penis for the camera. How much older all the faces look than their corresponding bodies! The terrible, near-frenzied grotesquerie of it all smacks of late Goya – one of these old men, set among trees against the backdrop of the gilded, sunstruck dome of a Russian Orthodox church, looks like a beleaguered saint out of Nesterov. Valery Koshlyakov’s themes are  architectural. He presents grand vistas of monumental buildings – Garnier’s 19th-century Opera House in Paris; a celebrated Modernist apartment block in Moscow; a sports stadium. The heroic scale of these images is suggestive of grandeur and the triumphal onward march of imperial design. It is the Paris Opera House that directly faces as we enter the gallery – but all has gone horribly awry. Its general lineaments are familiar enough, but everything that it has always seemed to represent, all that airy pomp, seems to have been horribly vitiated. The painting’s canvas consists of pieces of cardboard, all fastened  together without undue finesse, and patched together somewhat randomly in order to create something that almost represents a rectangular shape. The painting itself is splashy, patchy, drippy, provisional, seemingly over-hasty, and rather wan in its unemphatic use of colour. Because of the way in which the bits of cardboard have been joined together, nothing quite matches up. The entire scene feels like a brazen travesty, a trampling down of the myth-making of the vainglorious Third Empire (and yet another empire a little closer to home, perhaps) – and perhaps a tilt at the grandiose traditions of salon painting into the bargain. Janis Avotins’ paintings have a strangely haunted mood to them, as if someone is striving to remember something that barely fails to register. Solitary elements – a hand, a tiny  female form – are cast adrift within an ocean of blackness. The paintings are rendered very thinly, as if the subject matter barely has the confidence to speak its name. Human existence looks so sketchy. Images emerge like ghostly afterthoughts of themselves. What is this all about? The strange precariousness of national identity, which may mean the reaching after something which has almost been  expunged? The feeling that we are all alive in this world so precariously, that it would take so little to remove us from the canvas of our own lives? By contrast, much of this show is far from unemphatic. It shows us a younger generation greedily seizing hold of entire new worlds of imagery, Russianising Warhol, turning prisoners of conscience into superheroes; in short, being as brash, brazen and bolshy as art can ever get. Gaiety Is the Most Outstanding Feature of the Soviet Union: New Art from Russia, to 5 May; Breaking the Ice: Moscow Art, 1960-80s, to 24 February (saatchi-gallery.co.uk) More in Features   Independent Comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus News in pictures Arts  Ents blogs Interview: David Stewart: “As much as writing my own material is important, writing and producing for other people are important as well” Children’s Book Blog: The Edinburgh International Book Festival 2013 10 tips to cope while Doctor Who is off the air        Independent Travel Shop Lake Como and the Bernina Express Seven nights half-board from only £749pp Find out more  Lake Garda, Venice and Verona Seven nights half-board from only £599pp Find out more  Krakow Four nights from only £389pp Find out more  Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics  Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Celebrity Big Brother 2013: Meet Dustin Diamond, Charlotte Crosby, Carol McGiffin and the rest of the new housemates Four Weddings and 72 auditions: Hugh Grant won romcom role after marathon casting process MTV VMA Awards 2013 photo gallery: Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus and Bruno Mars among the stars on show The tongue, the twerking, the teddy outfit: Should someone have stopped Miley Cyrus VMA performance? The X-smiles: Gillian Anderson shows her lighter side 1 Syria: Russia’s warning falls on deaf ears as Britain and US prepare to bomb 2 Jamie Oliver: Let them eat stale bread 3 Feasting and fighting: the long-lost secrets of Beowulf 4 A-level student who gained six A* grades pens furious letter to Michael Gove over offensive exam reforms 5 Miley Cyrus at the VMAs: the crowd, the internet and the ‘Smith Family’ react  Click here...  Click here...  SPONSORED FEATURES  Win all you need for a delicious champagne picnic Tell us how you will make today delicious. You could win a £50 MS Giftcard plus this month's grand prize. Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Summer food reader survey Take our grocery shopping survey for your chance to win a £100 MS store gift card. MS prizes Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos See Norway’s spectacular coastline There is no finer way to discover and explore the dramatic Norwegian coastline than aboard an authentic Hurtigruten cruise. MS prizes Reader survey MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Summer Moments inspired by your M We have partnered with MS to offer you inspiring ideas that will surprise and delight your family and friends MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Where's Wallonia? War and peace: history revisited in the cities of Southern Belgium - a travel guide in association with the Belgian Tourist Office. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Nook Prizes  offers Business videos Celebrate the joy of reading with NOOK® You can buy a NOOK Simple Touch Glowlight at £69, or the NOOK HD8GB Tablet for just £99 - until 3 September. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Prizes  offers Business videos Enter the latest Independent competitions Win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Business videos Business videos from commercial thought leaders Watch the best in the business world give their insights into the world of business. MS prizes Reader survey Visit Norway MS Visit Wallonia Nook Prizes  offers   >" class="submitbtn bluebg" />  The X-smiles After Agent Scully, and The Fall, Gillian Anderson is ready to show off her lighter side Bank Holidays offer a complete break from it all – except the BlackBerry One bankers wife describes the stress of vacationing with a workaholic husband Saint GK Chesterton? Bishop begins preliminary tests for canonisation of writer From Purcell to Punk Gareth Malone hopes to take choirs from their comfort zones with new release The maternity gap 50,000 women a year don’t get jobs back Eduardo Paolozzi Living in a materialist world Pick a product that packs a punch The 10 Best face masks  The big fashion cover-up: Coats Make hay while the sun shines but remember cold weather is closer than you think Flushing Meadows ups the financial ante in battle of the Grand Slams The majors are raising prize money and improving facilities In the frame: Linda Farrow Brains behind sunglasses brand delving into our shady past Tailor-made for all pockets Patrick Grant meets Debenhams? Downing Street hogs the remote control The PMs use of tame media is annoying the big guns at Sky, ITN and the BBC A nation of workaholics The death of Merrill Lynch banking intern Moritz Erhardt shines a light on the cult of presenteeism – and the need for a new work culture Tim Harford: The man who gives geeks a good name Economics has never been more accessible, or instructive, thanks to one writers mission  The Independent 2 Derry Street London W8 5TT  independent.co.uk Terms  Policies Privacy Policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct Complaint form Email newsletters RSS Contact Us Subscriptions Apps Work for us Evening Standard Homes  Property iJobs Advertising Guide Syndication Novaya Gazeta (English) ES Business Connections ES Rentals  Please provide search keyword(s) Advanced Search Article archive Topics  independent.co.uk  Click here...   