 Home | Partners | Naval Station Great Lakes | Contact Us | En Espaol   Things to Do Family Fun Dining Arts and Entertainment Shopping Outdoors & Recreation Calendar of Events 2013 BMW Championship Boating Lake County  Plan Your Trip Trip Planning Tools Hotels Travel Packages Group Tours Map Special Offers & Coupons Tour Itineraries Naval Station Great Lakes Request Visitors Guide Lake County History & Facts  Meeting & Event Planning Family Reunions Military Reunions Wedding & Special Events Sports Tournaments Group Tours Meeting & Retreats Unique Meeting Venues Tour Itineraries Request for Proposal Lake County Reunions Lake County Sports  Hotels Resorts Bed & Breakfasts Arts  Entertainment When you visit Lake County, there are many options available to find creative entertainment. Get hands-on with an interactive museum tour with the kids at the Lake County Discovery Museum , then experience nightlife entertainment with live music at Viper Alley , the Genesee Theatre , and Ravinia or a Broadway show at the Marriott Lincolnshire Theatre . No matter what you choose, you're sure to find exciting entertainment in Lake County!      Read reviews of Lake County, Illinois on  START BANNER  END BANNER - AttractionType: Any Type Art Gallery Family Fun Historical Site/Mansion Performing Arts Theatre City: Any City Antioch Barrington Area Deerfield Grayslake Gurnee Highland Park Kenosha, WI Lake Forest Libertyville Lincolnshire Milwaukee, WI Mundelein Old Mill Creek Vernon Hills Wadsworth Waukegan Zion 30 Attractions found (1 - 30 shown) Name/Description AttractionType City Adlai E. Stevenson Historic Home Adlai Stevenson II was an important and influential figure in the political history of the United States. Stevenson was Governor of Illinois from 1949... Arts & Culture Libertyville Ansel B. Cook House The 1878 home, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is home to the Libertyville-Mundelein Historical Society's archives and museum. Th... Arts & Culture Libertyville Antioch Fine Arts Foundation Art gallery and education center. ... Arts & Culture Antioch Austin's Saloon & Eatery Perfect night out under one roof. Family friendly environment with food, entertainment, outdoor dining and ample parking. The Fuel Room Bar offers nig... Dining, Entertainment Libertyville Bristol Renaissance Faire For 9 glorious weekends starting in early July, each Saturday and Sunday, plus Labor Day Monday, visitors take a rollicking romp through Elizabethan E... Arts & Culture, Attractions, Entertainment Kenosha,WI Brunswick Zone - Deerfield A great way to spend quality time everyone will enjoy! ... Entertainment, Family Fun, Sports Facility Deerfield Citadel Theatre Company Citadel Theatre is dedicated to producing inspiring theatre, by bringing together gifted professionals from all the theatrical disciplines to create e... Arts & Culture, Entertainment LakeForest Clockwise Theatre Clockwise Theatre's goal is to offer alternative entertainment choices, including world premiers of plays with an emphasis on Midwestern playwrights, ... Arts & Culture, Entertainment Waukegan CRE8 Workshop A creative arts workshop where open workspace, classes, parties and workshops are offered for people of all ages interested in creating crafting proje... Arts & Culture, Entertainment Deerfield Cuneo Mansion and Gardens The Cuneo Mansion & Gardens is an historic mansion dating from 1914 nestled on 75 acres of vistas and formal gardens. The Italianate architecture is ... Arts & Culture VernonHills Deer Path Art League and Gallery Strives to spark, nurture and enhance creativity as well as raise awareness and appreciation of the arts in the community.... Arts & Culture LakeForest Deerfield Area Historical Society Dedicated to preserving and interpreting local history and architecture in Deerfield, Bannockburn, Riverwoods and Lincolnshire.... Arts & Culture Deerfield Genesee Theatre Experience the grandeur of world class artists and Broadway theatricals in the beautifully restored Genesee Theatre. After undergoing a $23 million re... Arts & Culture, Entertainment Waukegan Gold Pyramid House At one time, this was the world's largest gold structure. Now available for group tours (15+) and private event rentals. The six-story-tall, 17,000-sq... Arts & Culture, Attractions Wadsworth Jack Benny Center for the Arts Bowen Park Theatre and Opera Companies provides professional theatre, opera and "Shows for Young Audiences" as well as classes in art, music, dance an... Arts & Culture, Attractions Waukegan James Lumber Center for the Performing Arts at the College of Lake County The Center is home to a wide variety of entertainment acts from musical performances to live theatre shows to specialty performances. The facilities ... Arts & Culture, Entertainment Grayslake Lake Forest - Lake Bluff Historical Society The Lake Forest-Lake Bluff Historical Society is a nonprofit organization with 750 members and a history museum in downtown Lake Forest. For almost 40... Arts & Culture LakeForest Marriott Theatre in Lincolnshire See the The Best of Broadway at the Marriott Theatre featuring 5 great musicals every year. The intimate arena theatre is designed so everyone has... Arts & Culture, Attractions, Entertainment Lincolnshire Mother Rudd House and Museum This original 1844 building was once a stagecoach stop, tavern, post office, town hall and candy store. Completely restored by the Village of Gurnee,... Arts & Culture, Attractions Gurnee P. M. and L. Theatre Opening doors to the arts for 50 years! This theatre offers the works of plays, art works and concerts.... Arts & Culture, Entertainment Antioch Peter Patterson Glassworks We are a full service Glassblowing studio. We offer glassblowing lessons from beginner to advanced. Studio rental is available for artists to work or ... Arts & Culture Mundelein Potawatomi Bingo Casino Potawatomi Bingo Casino is the top entertainment destination in Milwaukee and has been named the Best Casino in the region. It features 3,100 slot ma... Entertainment Milwaukee,WI Ravinia Festival Ravinia Festival is the oldest music festival in North America and is lauded for presenting world-class music in an inviting, natural environment. The... Arts & Culture, Attractions, Entertainment HighlandPark Shiloh House Shiloh House is an elegant 25-room mansion built in 1901 by Zion's founder, the Rev. John Alexander Dowie, who headed the Christian Catholic Church. N... Arts & Culture, Attractions Zion The Button Room Museum We are a vintage and antique Button Museum. Our button displays rotate on a monthly basis based upon the current theme. Visitors will be given an oppo... Arts & Culture, Attractions Gurnee The Ragdale Foundation Ragdale is a retreat for writers and artists, offering time and space to create new work. ... Arts & Culture LakeForest The Sanfilippo Estate Private estate featuring one of the world's finest collections of restored, automatic musical instruments and other, turn-of-the-century antiques. To... Arts & Culture, Attractions BarringtonArea The Tempel Lipizzans Home of the famous Lipizzan stallions known for their beauty, strength and intelligence. The beautiful rolling hills of Tempel Farms have been home to... Attractions, Entertainment, Family Fun OldMillCreek Urban Edge A place where the performing arts and visual arts meet! ... Arts & Culture Waukegan Viper Alley Viper Alley is a new boutique concert venue and nightclub, with an exciting line-up of live musical acts in an industrial-chic setting. The venue offe... Entertainment Lincolnshire  Community Partners: Antioch | Deerfield | Grayslake | Gurnee | Lake County | Lake Forest Lake Zurich | Libertyville | Lincolnshire | Long Grove | Vernon Hills | Waukegan | Zion  Copyright 2006-2013 Lake County, Illinois Convention & Visitors Bureau. All Rights Reserved. 5465 West Grand Avenue, Suite 100 | Gurnee, Illinois 60031 | Phone: 847-662-2700 Designed by Davis Harrison Dion | Developed by J Rudny, LLC | Media Resources | FAQ | View Site Map  