  Give A Gift Newsletter Buy a Print Shop RT Tip Us Join Free Sign in with Facebook Sign In ROAD AHEAD MUSTANG UN-PORSCHES JAMES HUNT Give A Gift  GO  First Looks Spy Shots News Car Culture Design Style Travel Food Pop Culture See All News The Subaru BRZ STI teasers, nothing special Future Cars & Spy Shots The Acura NSX isn't exactly hiding out at Mid-Ohio  Drives  First Drives Comparison Tests Data Panels Road Tests See All Road Tests The 1956 Volkswagen Karmann Ghia did 060 in 27.7 seconds. First Drives I drove every generation Corvette  Features  Magazine Features Web Originals See All Web Originals The Spirit of Munro Web Originals Building The Spirit of Munro salt-flats streamliner  Motorsports  Race Cars Race Tech Racing News See All  Racing News  Vettel dominates at the Belgian Grand Prix  Racing News  Hamilton snags Belgian GP pole in wild qualifying session  Videos  Auto Show Videos Performance Test Videos Motorsports Videos See All Latest Videos Watch The Smoking Tire light up the C7 Corvette Stingray Latest Videos Watch Fernando Alonso thrash the LaFerrari MARQUES Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mini Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Porsche Rolls-Royce Scion Smart Spyker SRT Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Voices  Larry Webster Sam Smith Peter Egan Bob Lutz See All  Larry Webster  Editor's Letter: Tony Stewart and the C7 Corvette  Bob Lutz  Go Lutz Yourself  Events North America Chicago Auto Show Detroit Auto Show Los Angeles Auto Show Monterey Weekend New York Auto Show SEMA Show International Beijing Auto Show Frankfurt Auto Show Geneva Auto Show Paris Auto Show Tokyo Auto Show Seoul Auto Show Shanghai Auto Show See All The Boot  Long Term Tests Gear Garage Q Reader Tips See All  Motorhead University  Point(s) of Contact: Wider isn't necessarily better  Boot  Snap this up! 1988 BMW M5 Search  this is light THIS IS LIGHT  this is book THIS IS BOOK  this is medium THIS IS MEDIUM 2013 Honda Accord Coupe Concept - 2012 Detroit Auto Show The shape of things to come, plus info about the next Accord sedan. (Did somebody say plug-in hybrid?) By Matt DeLorenzo January 9, 2012 / Photos by John Lamm Photos The 2013 Honda Accord Coupe Concept, a thinly disguised example of the next-generation model, points to a refresh rather than a radical redesign of one of the most popular sedan and coupe lineups in the U.S. market.  2013 Honda Accord Coupe Concept The shape of the new coupe is more athletic and flowing than the current model, and features an extra character line over the rear wheel arch. The grille features a new mesh design and a bolder front fascia with large crystallized chrome inlays ringing the lower fog lamps. The concept rides on 20-in. machine-finished 5-spoke alloy wheels, while at the rear, a new taillamp design sweeps into the body. Completing the rear end redesign is an integrated spoiler and large exhaust tips. Honda says the footprint of the new coupe remains the same, but that the sedan will be more compact with a shorter wheelbase, which will give it more responsive handling and improved driving dynamics.  2013 Honda Accord Coupe Concept Besides the freshening of the exterior and more efficient packaging of the sedan, the big news for the 2013 Honda Accord is what's beneath the skin. The base engine is an all new 2.4-liter direct injection 4-cylinder, part of Honda's new Earth Dreams powertrain lineup that promises better performance and fuel economy. Power is rated at 181 bhp and 177 lb.-ft. of torque. The base engine is mated to a new Continuously Variable Transmission (CVT) employing the automaker's G-Design Shift, which allows for manual selection of "ratios" as well as a more linear and direct feel under acceleration. Also available in the 2013 Honda Accord is a re-engineered 3.5-liter sohc V-6, which is paired with an all-new 6-speed automatic, a first for the brand. A 6-speed manual will also be offered. To further improve fuel economy, the V-6 is equipped with cylinder deactivation under light loads.  2013 Honda Accord Coupe Concept The Accord line will also see Honda's first plug-in hybrid application. The two-motor system allows for three operational modes: all-electric, gasoline-electric and direct-drive gasoline. The main powerplant is a 2.0-liter 4-cylinder Atkinson cycle engine mated to an electric CVT. The powertrain also includes a 120-kW electric motor and a 6-kW/h lithium-ion battery pack, which provides up to 15 miles of pure EV range and a top speed of 62 mph. Honda says the battery pack can be recharged in less than 4 hours using 120 volts and 1.5 hours with 240. No fuel economy numbers have been released for this model, but the new Honda Accord Plug-In Hybrid is slated to go on sale by the end of 2012.  2013 Honda Accord Coupe Concept Other new features slated to appear on the revamped Accord lineup include lane-departure, forward crash and blind-spot warning systems. The car will also feature a multi-angle rearview camera and an expanded-view driver's outside mirror as standard equipment. Infotainment upgrades include a hands-free phone interface, full-color multi-information display in the center dash, an SMS text messaging function (that will read aloud texts from compatible cell phones) and a docking system for Pandora Internet Radio. Share Your Thoughts Related Stories Hottest Coupes in Motown - 2012 Detroit Auto Show Accord Coupe Concept 2012 Honda Civic - 2011 Detroit Auto Show Photos: Hottest Coupes in Motown 2013 Honda Accord New Honda Models for 2013 2013 Acura ILX Concept - 2012 Detroit Auto Show Small Cars, Big Fun - 2011 Detroit Auto Show  Share 0  0 Email  Connect With Road  Track  Road  Track Today Future Car News Are these the specs for the new Alfa Romeo 4C? Web Originals Building The Spirit of Munro salt-flats streamliner First Drives First Drive: 2014 Toyota Corolla S Race Cars Driving a priceless four-rotor Mazda RX-7 race car First Drives I drove every generation Corvette  Top 300x180 More From RoadTrack.com Photos: Best Spy Shots More Muscle, More-Wheel Drive Mean Trumps Green Party Crasher 2013 Dodge Dart The Year in Motorsports Photos What we learned about the 2014 McLaren P1 in NYC Sneak Peek: The 2014 Ferrari F150 Giveaways Enter for the chance to win $100,000! Enter now See All Giveaways  See All Giveaways Privacy Policy Tip Us Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use More From Road  Track Detroit Auto Show Chicago Auto Show Geneva Auto Show New York Auto Show Paris Auto Show LA Auto Show Latest Car Shows 2013 Auto News SHOW About Road  Track Newsletter About Our Ads Media Kit Press Room Community Guidelines Site Map Contact Us About Us Road  Track Magazine Customer Service Address Change Give A Gift Other Hearst Subscriptions Shop RT RSS Cars BMW 2014 Mustang Car Comparison Style Mens Haircuts 2013 Shaving Tips Best Ways to Tie a Tie DIY How to Paint Pergola 101 Build a Car Trending Ultimate Chicken Recipes & Dishes Mens Fashion Summer 2013 2014 Cars Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use 2013 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved BACK TO TOP Cancel Cancel Email Print Return to slideshow 2 of 200 200 images Return to slideshow close back close   Close Close Link Your ROADTRACK Account to Facebook Welcome! ROADTRACK already has an account with this email address. Link your account to use Facebook to sign in to ROADTRACK. To insure we protect your account, please fill in your password below. Username or email: Password: Sign In Forgot Password? No thanks, continue without linking accounts. Continue Close Thanks for Joining Your information has been saved and an account has been created for you giving you full access to everything ROADTRACK.com and Hearst Digital Media Network have to offer. To change your username and/or password or complete your profile, click here . Continue Close Your accounts are now linked You now have full access to everything ROADTRACK and Hearst Digital Media Network have to offer. To change your settings or profile, click here . Continue Close Add back test js for test some stuff  SiteCatalyst code version: H.8.Copyright 1997-2006 Omniture, Inc. More info available athttp://www.omniture.com 