 Triangle Arts  Entertainment Meetup Home Members Sponsors Photos Pages Discussions Message Board Mailing List More Polls Files Promote Join us! Featured Meetup Movie: The Hunger Games in 3D April 7, 2012  7:00 PM Northgates Stadium 10 Cinema The much anticipated movie, The Hunger Games is due to be released at the end of March. Based on the book of the same name by Suzanne Collins, the movie offers up a combo of action, drama, and sci-fi genres. Filmed in North Carolina, the fictional District 12 was brought to life using the natural areas around Shelby and Hildebran, NC.                             Let's go see this movie in 3D! I have some movie vouchers for Northgate Stadium 10 Cinemas that will get us into a night movie, shown in 3D, plus a medium popcorn and medium drink for only $7.50. The only catch is we have to wait 2 weeks after the initial movie release. I will offer this deal on a first-come, first-served basis to Supporting Members (those that have paid their annual dues).  You need to RSVP and  then show up on time for the ticket (please bring cash). If there are tickets left, other members will be eligible for the $7.50 tickets. Anyone can join us, even if you don't get the deal. Note: the time is currently tentative and may be updated when the film is released to the theater. Storyline: In a not-too-distant future, North America has collapsed, weakened by drought, fire, famine, and war to be replaced by Panem, a country divided into the Capitol and 12 districts. Each year two young representatives from each district are selected by lottery to participate in The Hunger Games. Part entertainment, part brutal intimidation of the subjugated districts, the televised games are broadcast throughout Panem. The 24 participants are forced to eliminate their competitors, literally, with all citizens required to watch. When 16-year-old Katniss' young sister, Prim, is selected as the mining district's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart Peeta, will be pitted against bigger, stronger representatives who have trained for this their whole lives. Written by Suzanne Collins LIONSGATE®, a leading global entertainment company, today announced the highly anticipated film adaptation of Suzanne Collins’ runaway bestselling novel The Hunger Games. Lionsgate will release THE HUNGER GAMES on March 23, 2012. The film is the first in a series that Lionsgate is making based on the book trilogy that has become a worldwide phenomenon. Filmed entirely in North Carolina, the locations spanned from a dense forest in which the arena that hosts the games themselves was created to a town that stood in for Katniss’ home, District 12, to a sound stage that was the platform for the fantastical sights and sounds of The Capitol, the futuristic capital city of the nation of Panem The film pairs Oscar® nominee Jennifer Lawrence (WINTER’S BONE, X-MEN FIRST CLASS) with Josh Hutcherson (THE KIDS ARE ALRIGHT) and Liam Hemsworth (THE LAST SONG) in the key young adult roles. Rounding out the cast is a who’s who of acclaimed adult actors: Oscar® nominee Woody Harrelson, Elizabeth Banks, Lenny Kravitz, Oscar® nominee Stanley Tucci, Donald Sutherland, Wes Bentley and Toby Jones. For more about the movie, check out: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1392170/ Join or login to comment.  June Hotchner I found the movie deeply disturbing on many levels and upset that it is geared to young teens 0  April 8, 2012  6 attended Jan Supporting Member, Organizer Event Host June Hotchner Supporting Member Extraordinaire, Assistant Organizer Lynne Supporting Member mary Supporting Member Mark Meshay KG Supporting Member Checked-in Triangle Arts  Entertainment Meetup Durham , NC FoundedNov 4, 2007 About us Bibliocinephiles 476 Group reviews 57 Upcoming Meetups 5 Past Meetups 310 Our calendar Membership dues $5.00/year We're about: Live Music  Book Discussion  Movie Fans  Indie Film  Museum  Theater  Performance Art  Concerts  Dining Out  Brunch Organizers: Jan , June Hotchner , Lynette and 2 more View The Leadership Team Contact Membership dues $5.00 /year This covers: Meetup Website Fees Payment is accepted using: PayPal Cash or check Your organizer will refund you if: Your organizer removes or bans you from their Meetup Group Close this  x We are a small, casual group whose focus is to bring together like-minded individuals who want to socialize and make new friends while exploring all of the great things that the triangle has to offer. Though many of our members reside in Durham and this is our home base for most activities, we also endeavor to explore all parts of the Triangle. We welcome members from anywhere in the region. Our meetups include: book discussions, movies, live music, trivia nights, plays, museums, dining out and just about anything else that might be fun. Members are always free to suggest events for the group. Triangle Arts and Entertainment is funded by its members. There is an annual fee to keep the Meetup site going of $5 per member. New members are exempt for a couple of Meetups so they can try us out. If you like the group and want to continue attending, please volunteer your dues to the host at that time. As often as possible, "Supporting Members" (those that have their paid dues) will get occasional discounts and perks on tickets, meals, etc.. Join us! Perks FREE MOVIE credits from redbox, Americas movie rental destination! from Redbox 10% off their total bill from UnWined Wine Bar Offer a perk  People in this Meetup are also in:  Triangle Hiking and Outdoors Group 5,520 THOGers Next Meetup: Tuesday, Aug 27 Triangle Salsa Meetup 2,444 Salsa Lovers Next Meetup: Tuesday, Aug 27 Triangle Ethnic Food (Thai, Indian etc.) Meetup 1,504 Ethnic Food Friends Next Meetup: Thursday, Aug 29 Durham 20s/30s Active Gamers 686 Athl33t Gamers Next Meetup: Friday, Aug 30 Museum, Art and Culture Fun 971 Culture Enthusiasts Next Meetup: Thursday, Oct 31 MixNMingle DPAC Singles Club 461 Members  114,451,605 RSVPs! hide What's new Log in Sign up Find a Meetup Group Start a Meetup Group  Show me the Meetups About Careers Help Blog Tech Blog API Made in NYC Meetup Everywhere Offer a Perk 2013 Meetup Privacy  Terms English Deutsch Espaol Franais Italiano Portugus Log in Not registered with us yet? Sign up Email address: Password: Forgot your password? Keep me signed in  or Log in using Facebook Sign up Meetup members, Log in Your name Your email Pick a password  or Sign up using Facebook By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service  Privacy Policy 