    Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home  Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Blogs Quizzes Games Random Article Auto Basics Auto Parts  Systems Auto Racing Buying  Selling Car Models Driving  Safety Fuel Efficiency Motorcycles Trucks Under the Hood Home / Auto / Car Models / Crossover Cars CROSSOVER CARS E-mail This Facebook Digg This StumbleUpon TwitThis Reddit Between the squadrons of beefy SUVs and the fleets of standard passenger vehicles lie the crossover cars. Do they really offer the best of both worlds? Be Your Own Mechanic Watch This Before Your Car Breaks Down Featured Have automakers tried crossover vehicles in the past? While crossovers have become sales leaders fairly recently, the vehicles themselves aren't an entirely novel idea. Actually, several early two-wheel and four-wheel-drive wagons and SUVs fit into that category.  1-10 of 13 1 2 5 All-wheel-drive Crossover Vehicles Crossovers have become a vast mix of functionality, style, power and comfort. But crossovers that offer all-wheel-drive capabilities provide even more options to drivers. Seemore 5 Crossover Vehicles with the Best Fuel Economy With the popularity of true SUVs on the decline and the price of gasoline continuing to rise, crossover vehicles have become a logical bridge between off-road trucks and fuel-efficient cars. Seemore 5 Exciting Crossover Vehicle Concepts Take a look at some of the newest crossover concepts that have gone beyond the drawing board and into the spotlight on the auto show circuit. Will we ever see production versions? Seemore 5 Reasons to Buy a Crossover Vehicle The term "crossover" came into the lexicon less than a decade ago, when car buyers didn't really know what they were -- but they bought them anyway. Here are a few reasons you might want to buy one. Seemore 5 Surprising Benefits of Cruising in a Crossover There's nothing wrong with minivans; however, if you don't want to put up with all the baggage that comes with driving a minivan, a crossover is a good way to get the practicality you need and the style you want. Seemore 5 Vehicles That Were Crossover Before There Were Crossovers Crossovers aren't as uniquely modern as the auto companies would like us to believe. In fact, they're just an example of how trends in the car world tend to come and go -- and come back again. Seemore Have automakers tried crossover vehicles in the past? While crossovers have become sales leaders fairly recently, the vehicles themselves aren't an entirely novel idea. Actually, several early two-wheel and four-wheel-drive wagons and SUVs fit into that category. Seemore What are the benefits of crossover vehicle design? By using a car-based platform, crossovers avoid most of the shortcomings associated with SUVs. In fact, there are a number of benefits to crossover vehicle design. What makes shoppers willing to make the tradeoff? Seemore What was the first crossover vehicle? It may seem as if crossover vehicles have just recently burst onto the scene; however, the first crossover vehicle in the United States was here in the mid-1990s. Seemore What's the difference between a crossover and an SUV? SUVs, like the trucks they're derived from, are not particularly designed for comfort. Over time, they've been perceived by some as simply too big and cumbersome. Is a crossover somehow different? Seemore 1-10 of 13 1 2 More To Explore  Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular 10 Most Expensive Classic Cars How to Calculate Your Car's Fuel Consumption 5 Engine Oil Myths Quiz: Concept Cars That Made It Top 10 Car Summer Maintenance Tips  Most Watched Understanding Cars Auto Parts & Systems Deconstructed Wrecks to Riches: Rebuilding Classic Cars Car Accident Videos Bikes, Hacks, Trikes and Choppers  Don't Miss  Learn about incredible inventions, past and present.  Introducing a bold lineup of awe-inspiring shows.  Look into the Future with Fw:Thinking  STUFF NATION NEWSLETTER THE HOW BEHIND TODAY'S NEWS SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home  Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit  Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US  1998-2013 HowStuffWorks, Inc   