 Your browser does not support iframes    Reader's Ride | Mobile Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Edition Subscriber Services Insurance |  Dealers |  Auto News |  Auto Racing |  Tech Topics |  Expert Advice |  Gear |  Games |  Consumer |  Behind the Scenes |  Adventure/Travel Home > Magazine Features > Dodge to Replace Grand Caravan with Crossover Dodge to Replace Grand Caravan with Crossover By Jake Holmes  October 10, 2011   Chrysler Group CEO Sergio Marchionne told Automotive News that the company will offer just one minivan in the future. The report suggests that the Chrysler Town & Country will stay in production, while the mechanically identical Dodge Grand Caravan will be replaced by a crossover. The decision comes on the heels of Marchionne's plan to reduce the number of duplicate models in Chrysler's lineup. "We cannot have the same type of vehicle in the showroom because the consumer is not stupid," he told Automotive News. The idea, called Project Genesis, was reportedly launched in 2008 when Cerberus Capital Management owned Chrysler.  Chrysler's next full-size minivan will arrive in 2014, and at that time Dodge will launch a crossover meant to appeal to former van buyers. It will reportedly be "sporty" in addition to offering space and practicality. The company hopes it can retain customers by offering the crossover as a replacement to the Dodge minivan, while van purists could still buy the Chrysler version. In addition, Marchionne revealed that in 2013, the Chrysler 200 sedan will be replaced, and it might keep the 200 name. At the same time, the 200's twin, the Dodge Avenger, will be phased out -- buyers will instead be directed toward the aforementioned crossover in Dodge showrooms.  As we've previously reported, Dodge also will launch its new compact sedan at the 2012 Detroit auto show in January. It replaces the Caliber hatchback and will be based on the platform that underpins the Alfa Romeo Giulietta. Chrysler will sell a "sort of hatchback" version of that car, according to Marchionne, which will then also be exported to Europe as a Lancia model. An earlier report suggested the Caliber production will cease on November 23, but the company has shied away from confirming an exact date. The Chrysler Group doesn't have any plans to launch a new subcompact model in the American market, which means the Fiat 500 창 along with a few 500 spin-offs 창 may be its sole offering in that segment for now. Marchionne reportedly doesn't think subcompacts would sell well enough in the U.S. to justify that investment. "I can introduce them in Canada and Mexico," he told AN. "But I would never center the U.S. as being the single largest driver of [subcompact] volumes." Source: Automotive News   See all 3 Photos By Jake Holmes Enjoyed this Post? Subscribe to our RSS Feed, or use your favorite social media to recommend us to friends and colleagues! stumble upon rss facebook twitter Ads by Google *Please enter your username *Please enter your password *Please enter your comments Comments: Not Registered? Signup Here Comments (1024 character limit) fearthevoices 10/13/2011 at 1:47 PM Obviously Marchionne is way smarter than our current government leadership that is trying to push us towards the vehicles we don't, and won't, buy. This gentleman is the lone benefit of Chrysler's take over, good leadership with vision and a knowledge of their market.  Latest Articles 2013 Motor Trend SUV of the Year: Mercedes-Benz GL Truck Trend's 2013 Best In Class 2012 Nissan Frontier 4X4 PRO4X Long-Term Update 11 2014 Lexus GX 460 Photo Gallery Sponsored Links   Home New Trucks Used Trucks Truck Reviews Auto Shows Future Vehicles Truck Insurance Truck Dealers Forums Blogs Reprints RSS Feed Sitemap Contact Us Subscribe Subscriber Services Give a Gift User Submitted Content Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ad Choices    2013 Truck Trend , Source Interlink Media All rights reserved. LIWWBIIS2   