   - Adoption - Animal Friends - Arts  Entertainment - Bringing Home Baby - Child Development - Education / Daycare / Childcare - Family Dynamics - Food Nutrition - Health / Medical/ Dental - Learning Activities Crafts - Legal / Financial - Pregnancy / Birth - Shopping - Society / Culture / Environment - Sports  Exercise - Travel Vacations - Google AdSense - Garry (07-25-2003) //  Home : Arts and Entertainment : Books/Literature/Folklore  Web Pages  The following links are in English 100 Aker Books (Bearly Used) We sell bearly used, out-of-print books. Specialty Children's Books. Act!vated Family Stories Listen to a different folktale every week from a new location somewhere. Brought to you by the Goza Family of the national touring theatre company "Activated Storytellers". A little something for all ages. "I had hopes that the stories would be fun for our kids (Brady 4, Kaya 2) as well as my wife Toni and I. Well, they were a hit on both accounts, but I had no idea what a hit they would be with my son. He wanted to listen to the stories everytime we were in the car - which is quite a bit." ~Lee Fowler Amanda Love-Childrens Book Illustrator A website to view my work, as well as send e-cards. Andersen FairyTales AndersenFairyTales: classic folk stories and fairy tales of Hans Christian Andersen. A Winter Solstice Celebration What adventures are waiting for Miya as she skips to the forest to feed the animals? An angry squirrel, a gentle crow, and an intimidating owl are just some of the interesting characters Miya meets in the forest. The animals are concerned about the environmental impact the humans have on their forest. It창s up to Miya to deliver this message to the villagers. But can she be convincing enough? While reading this beautifully illustrated story, children will be silently rooting for Miya as she tries to support her new animal friends. They will be so captivated by Miya창s adventures, young readers will not realize they are learning lessons in helping others, standing up for their beliefs, conquering their fears, and caring for the environment. Barking Spiders and Other Such Stuff Poetry and short stories by published poet and children's author, C.J. Heck, author of "Barking Spiders and Other Such Stuff". Site also has mazes, tongue twisters, quotations, kids & grownup links, and advice for budding authors. BigStoryTime.com Listen to podcast stories read by little storytellers, featuring 4-year old Mitchell and books by Karen Katz and many popular children's authors. Brementown Musicians Brementown Musicians: the story of the musicians of Bremen, one of the classic folk and fairy tales by the Brothers Grimm. A Flash animated cartoon retells the beloved folktale, with narration by Rick Miller. Links to the Brementown Sing-along memory game and coloring downloads. Interactive online fun for kids and the whole family. Brown Bag Bedtime Books Adorable children's stories, each teaching a valuable lesson! Available on cassette tape (perfect for keeping kids busy in the car), with newly designed storybooks due out this summer. Recordings are narrated by Bill Welter and feature a cast of character voices, music and sound effects. Ages 4 - 7. Candy Lane Craze-A Children's Novel David E. Spencer delivers a fun and exciting magical adventure that takes you to a place that is undeniably a sweet surprise. Cheap Hot Springs Village Arkansas Land For Sale inCheap Hot Springs Village Arkansas Land For Sale or Sale. We specialized in Hot Springs Arkansas Real Estate, Arkansas Land, Acreages, Arkansas, Village Land, parcels, uslots. Children's Books From The Desk of SantaNiclaus Children's stories and coloring books written and illustrated by Santa Niclaus. Books actually created BY Santa!!! Hours of fun for you and your children! Memories that will last a lifetime! Dragonspell Introduces the characters and the fantasy land of the book Dragonspell EducationalChildrensBooks.com A collection of beautifully illustrated children's books about issues that are not often addressed, intended to help children get a bigger, better picture of the world around them. Issues include private parts, disabilities and losing your baby teeth. Instant download or CD-Rom available. E-LIT Works Making publishing a family business - Making families our business. English Literature Portal and Directory Features reviews of quality book-related sites from around the world, short stories, poetry and articles.Includes exclusive author interviews and indepth profiles of literary figures. Fun with Spot The official Spot site is a great way to introduce children to the internet. It is full of educational games, as well as story and video downloads. There is also a section for grown-ups to explain the benefits of having this much fun! Great New Books That Are A Must Read Highlighting great new books that are a must read, including fiction, nonfiction, poetry, children's books, and much more. LaureatesKids.com Children's poetry and stories Lindamichellebaron's World of Rhythm & Rhyme Visit Dr. Lindamichellebaron and her World of Rhythm and Rhyme, and discover the joy of poetry, storytelling, language and achievement. For over twenty years Lindamichellebaron's unique and inspirational style of "edutainment" has awakened these joys in thousands of adults and children nationwide. Mary Skillings Prigger, Children's Author This is the official web site of Mary Skillings Prigger, the award-winning author of AUNT MINNIE MCGRANAHAN. The site contains a short biography, descriptions of her books, and an email contact form. Memory Essentials Online Scrapbook Store Online Scrapbooking Superstore. Scrapper's Forum where all your questions are answered. Scrapper's Monthly Newsletter where you get the latest information on scrapbooking. Online Scrapbook Store specializing in fabric covered scrapbooks and supplies. Everything you need for scrapbooking!!! Now Only $2.00 Shipping on any order. If you like K & Comany and MAMBI sticker we have them. New to the store,,, Beary Patch Letter Stickers!! Official Site of the DragonKeeper Chronicles The Official Site of the DragonKeeper Chronicles by Donita K. Paul has tons of interactivity for kids in a safe, monitored environment. Come learn more about these awesome fantasy books and meet others who love them too. Official Website of Kathryn Hegarty Children's writer Kathryn Hegarty invites viewers into her studio to get a glimpse of what she does everyday. For teachers, there are lesson plans and activities based on her stories. For children, stories are online to read and explore. Quigley McCormick The official site of the popular Quigley McCormick book series. Raven Publishing Presents: The Starlight Books and other horse adventures Raven Publishing of Montana features quality childrens fiction, notably The Starlight Books for middle grade readers and horse lovers of all ages. Read more... Read4Fun With Usborne I am a homeschooling mom who sells Usborne Books from home. Visit my site to shop, see the newest titles, learn how to start your own Usborne business, or register to win FREE books! Don't forget to check out our homeschooling links! Six Generations in America Six Generations in America: William Keleher Author & Pioneer Lawyer: This site contains over 300 Rare Photographs of numerous Pioneer Southwest Luminaries like Elfego Baca and Conrad Hilton.William Keleher authored some of the premier works on the American Southwest. The Narth Pole - Children's Books From the Desk of Santa NiClaus Original children's books and coloring books written and illustrated by Santa himself! Entertaining, and just plain good fun! The Official DragonKeeper Chronicles Website In the tradition of Lewis and Tolkien, Donita K. Paul's books weave together memorable characters, daring adventure, and eternal truth. They are deep enough to captivate adults and straightforward enough to engage a younger audience. The site contains recipes, games, contests, and lots of safe, monitored interactivity. The official Flower Fairies site The official Flower Fairies site is full of fairy facts and fun, as well as information about the author and illustrator, Cicely Mary Barker. The Synergy Song Explore the magical world of Josh, elves, and friendly dragons in this children's art picture book, where learning about science becomes a fun adventure. Thumbs Up Johnnie The web site for the children's book series The Adventures of Thumbs Up Johnnie. Bringing the moral back in the story. Toys 4 Kids Mall Featuring Harry Potter Discussion Board, tips for buying online, shopping, and more! Welcome to CherieStihler.com Please come for a visit! Learn about Alaska, GIANT CABBAGES, find some cabbage recipes, play some games, do some squishy science - resources for writers for children, senses activities, Wumpleberries and Gronglenuts The official website of Wumpleberries and Gronglenuts, the latest fantasy adventure for children and young adults by author, Graham Burchell Wee Ones E-magazine First online children's magazine. Original stories and articles, updated each month, colorful illustrations, free of charge. Comes complete with a parenting magazine, Wee Parents and a teacher's resource section, Wee Teach. 2Blockheads.com We specialize in personalized books, personalized baby gifts and other custom crafts. Great gift for baby showers, baby nurseries, kids room decorations, birthday parties and more. eBooks and eCards by E & E Publishing E & E Publishing produces Children's Picture eBooks for ages 3 to 8 and eCards for all ages. Titles include: THE ADVENTURES OF EDWARD THE BEAR AND HEIDI THE BIRDIE - Wonderful, touching, endearing stories about friendship with charming illustrations that make you smile. A KISS FROM MOMMY - Heartwarming memories of a Mother's love with simple illustrations that capture the innocence of childhood. WHAT LUCK! - Fun & funny story about a day in the life of rascal. Charming illustrations. RUPERT GETS MAD - You'll laugh out loud -- yet learn an important lesson. Fun pictures. THE BEETLE AND THE BERRY - You'll be rooting for this adorable little beetle as he struggles to solve his huge problem. Delightful pictures A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court Published in 1889, Connecticut Yankee is one of the world's first stories about time travel. The seed for this novel was probably planted during MT's 1884-1885 reading tour for Huck Finn, when George Washington Cable bought him a copy of Malory's Morte D'Arthur in an upstate New York bookstore. But MT's interest in travel to "old worlds" was a longstanding one, as his first book shows. And his interest in the British past was also a lifelong preoccupation, as can be seen in texts like The Prince and the Pauper, or even the Memory-Builder game he invented and patented to help American children learn the dates of England's various monarchies. As MT's fantastic attempt to locate his time and place in terms of its imagined pasts and its possible futures, Connecticut Yankee is perhaps his most complex book. Adventures of Shakey Snake Who is Shakey Snake? Shakey is a gentle, curious, sometimes sneaky - but always amusing - little rattlesnake who was born in a farmer's field. Here he lives, grows and learns. All About Writing Children's Books All about writing books and stories for children: advice, how-to info, tips, messaging, research links and much more. Presented by Children's Book Insider, the newsletter for children's writers. All Free Online Childrens Books The online books are geared towards younger children (under 8 years old). Many children will be able to navigate through the books by themselves. Amanda Love-Children's Book Illustration A portfolio of my work, as well as e-cards you can send. Bethany House Publishers Christian publisher of youth/children's, fiction and nonfiction books in categories including Christian living, family/parenting, devotional, homeschool, inspirational and historical fiction, classics, and theology. Find excerpts, author appearances, reviews and upcoming releases at bethanyhouse.com. Beverly Lewis - Children's & Adult Fiction Author Beverly Lewis is the bestselling author of THE CUL-DE-SAC KIDS and SUMMERHILL SECRETS series, and other children's and adult titles. Includes excerpts, author information, e-newsletter, and Amish recipes. Biographies for Children--The Young Patriots Series Share the childhood adventures of Amelia Earhart, William Henry Harrison, Lew Wallace, Juliette Low, James Whitcomb Riley, and more American heroes and heroines in the Young Patriots Series of fictional children's biographies . Browse sample chapters onsite. Book Hive Children and parents reading recommendations at a variety of skill levels. BookLoons BookLoons posts weekly book reviews for teens, stunning series, story samples, new links and cool contests. There are online tales for both young readers and teens. Readers rule! BookLoons - WeeLoons Poems, stories and online reading for wee one to enjoy with their families. Books About Joan of Arc Books about Joan of Arc, for both children and adults. Books by Peggy Rathman Caldecott-medalist Peggy Rathmann was born in St. Paul, Minnesota, and grew up in the suburbs with two brothers and two sisters. Read all about her life and her books books including Good Night Gloria, Officer Buckle and Gloria, and Ruby the Copycat. Bookworm Lists of books for many ages including preschool hosted by Booker T. Bookworm. Includes addresses of authors. Brunswick Publishing Corp Look for our children's books: The Music Box:The Story of Cristofori about the invention of the Piano and Quit Waking Us Up. We're Trying to Sleep! a fun bedtime or anytime book. Canady S.W. Publishing - Kid's books Three Children's Books: By Author Pat Canady Boots The World's Best Kid-sitter, Springtime Adventures: This story focuses on an appreciation of the rebirth of nature as winter comes to an end. Come along with this adorable dog and "her kids" as they find creative ways to enjoy outside playtime. Water color illustrations by Michael Bartley Tippy The Holiday Tree: This fun, festive tale offers a story of triumph as a lonely character struggles to find a place ofhis own. As the story unfolds, it is revealed that Tippy is an artificial holiday tree who is living in a department store. Through a detailed plot, children follow Tippy as Santa takes him to a family of his own. Water color illustrations by Michael Bartley Upside-Downside, Downside-Upside: Packed with colorful illustrations, this story depicts the problem solving skills known to contribute to the development of self-esteem. Children realize how difficult situations can be turned into positive solutions. Illustrations by Neil Zawiki Candlelight Stories Illustrated children's fiction from around the globe. Children's Books from Around the World We search the world for books that through great stories and arresting illustrations enrich the lives and the imaginations of the children who read them. Our foreign translated children's books include bestsellers Everyone Poops and Wilfrid Gordon McDonald Partridge. Children's Stories, Original Adventure Children's Stories. Original children's stories, Mini Travels Audio Adventures . Storytelling designed to entertain and educate children. Clips of children's stories told in a storytelling style. Storytelling Audio CD's with facts and project ideas to explore with kids. Curious Cases, Inc. Fun kids site for the new book the Curious Case of Miser Snoot and the Bibliomaniacs - teaches kids the importance of reading. Cool games, coloring, sketchpad, and secret links. Elspeth Campbell Murphy --Children's Author Bestselling author of Three Cousins Detective Club series for children and Young Cousins Mysteries. Features excerpts, e-newsletter and upcoming books. eMinistry - Connecting with the Net Generation eMinistry: Connecting with the Net Generation is the new book by Andrew Careaga about using the Internet as a tool to minister to millennials -- the "Net Generation." Fairy Tales of Ika Bremer The famous Spanish writer of children's literature gives visitors three samples of his work online available for downloading. In Spanish as well as English and German translations. Family-friend book review club Family-friend book review club! Read inspiring and educational children's, fiction and non-fiction book reviews at the first online book review club. Send off your reviews for distribution. Free E-books For Kids Are you a kid who cares about our world? Do you have a PC? Here are some fun electronic picture books just for YOU! Free-eBooks.net Free-eBooks.net specializes in collecting free fiction, tutorial, marketing and business eBooks as well as resources to aid you in promoting eBooks. FurBuddies - A kid's reading site Short children's stories. Most involve animals or children with their pets. All stories are rate G for good fun and good taste. Gail Radley's World of Books for Kids Latest books for children by Gail Radley along with related activities and book reviews of other authors' work. Ghost Forest This is a site where one can find a huge collection of materials, including many illustrations, cartoons and comics, presenting the children's book "Ghost Forest". Besides, the whole text of the book can be downloaded there, so people who feel curious after having visited the site can immediately get it and read it if they wish. Gingerbread Publishing House Gingerbread House publishes the finest in children's books, including the beloved GRANDMA'S SCRAPBOOK and GRANDPA LOVED. This site features the celebrated author and writing consultant, Josephine Nobisso. Greek Mythology This is an introduction to Ancient Greek Mythology. It combines information from a number of sources and attempts to be a comprehensive reference work. Harold and the Purple Crayon - Crockett Johnson Home Page - Kansas State University Everything there is to know about Harold and the Purple Crayon and all of Crockett Johnson's classic books. This site was developed by a teacher at Kansas State University. Harold and the Purple Crayon - Family Education.com Activities and info on the classic book - Harold and the Purple Crayon. HugsFeelGood.com FREE download of children's eBooks by published author Richard Carlson. Positive examples and lessons for kids! Lebanon Public Library The Lebanon Public Library in Lebanon, Indiana is a Carnegie Library established in 1905 with funds provided by Andrew Carnegie. The Children's Department provides both Summer and Winter Reading programs along with many other fun and educational programming each year. MOTHERHOOD IS NOT A REHEARSAL Having children does not automatically make us parents. Provides a new angle of seeing motherhood and parenthood and provides the reader with bottom-line mentoring guidelines. Ongoing Tales E-Magazine For your reading pleasure Antelope E-Books presents free stories in serial for the entire family, new postings are made monthly. Paddington Bear Paddington Bear's official website complete with information about the books of Michael Bond and games all about this adorable English bear. Reading Dimension The archive of books this online book group of kids in grades 3-8 has read, or see the latest picks. Robert Elmer - Children's & Young Adult Author Author of PROMISE OF ZION (Israel), YOUNG UNDERGROUND (WW II), and ADVENTURES DOWN UNDER historical fiction series as well as ASTROKIDS series. Features excerpts and secret message contest for ASTROKIDS readers. Romance Author Charlotte Hughes of Harlequin Books Romance author Charlotte Hughes, writer of novels filled with romantic comedy and suspense, offers her official webpage. Includes fun contests, excerpts from her latest books, an interview, biography and more. Storystones...bedtime stories for children. a safe place for children, both Deaf and Hearing, to play, learn and read original stories written by me and my cats on our farm in Tennessee. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer The INTERNET WIRETAP First Electronic Edition of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain (Samuel Langhorne Clemens) Electronic Edition by Released to the public June 1993 NOTE: This is a hypertext formatted version of the Project Gutenberg edition. For more information, check the small print or check out the full ascii text. This document is part of a small, but growing collection of html formatted etexts. (Others may be found in either my home page or John Ockerbloom's indexes by author and title.) I am still trying to figure out whether anyone else is interested in these on-line readable documents. If you appreciate this document or would like to see more such, send me mail at "rgs@cs.cmu.edu". The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County yes, The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County By Mark Twain Online The Children's Literature Web Guide The Children's Literature Web Guide is an attempt to gather together and categorize the growing number of Internet resources related to books for Children and Young Adults. Much of the information that you can find through these pages is provided by others: fans, schools, libraries, and commercial enterprises involved in the book world. The Oz Encyclopedia This Web Site provides a tour of the fantasy land of Oz and its inhabitants, as created by L. Frank Baum, and the illustrators and writers and movie makers who have contributed to it through the years. Browse a bit; if all you have ever seen is the movie The Wizard of Oz, you will be amazed to learn that Oz and its history is a much larger and very intriguing land of make-believe. The Reading Corner Our purpose is to write book reviews for readers in grades 2-8 that give a little more information than what you find in the library catalog. We hope that you use this site and then visit libraries, talk to librarians, and most especially, read more books. Todd Wallinger - Author Official web site of Todd Wallinger, author of the humorous middle-grade series featuring twelve-year-old inventor Edison Young. Usborne Books Want to rejuvenate or expand your children's love of learning? Shop for award-winning USBORNE Books from England online! You'll find amazing resources for science, history, language, music, math and more. Your purchases earn FREE and discounted books. Home business opportunity information also available onsite. Web-Pop Readers, Value-Based Literature for Kids Web-enhanced Virtual Literature for kids of all ages.Value-based stories, books and activities from Award-winning Author Stephen Cosgrove. Webs4kids - Best Books For Kids Of All Ages Webs4kids.com is an exciting new place on the web for reading great stories specially written for children. You can check out our free ebooks section, or you can download stories to your computer from our eBook library. Wonderbook Wonderbook is an online magazine primarily composed of Victorian and turn-of-the-century fiction, poetry, jokes & riddles, nonsense, and non-fiction.  Aboutus - Advertising - Calendar - *NEW* - Childcare Locator - AdvancedSearch - Contactus - Events- Find People - Kid Friendly Places - Terms of Service - Privacy Statement - MakeUs Your Start Page - Maps! - Movies - NewbieTour - Newsletters - PressReleases - Track Your Stocks! - TV - Webmaster'sCorner - Weather - Yellow Pages *NEW* //  Back to KinderStart Home  Copyright 2000-2006 KinderStart.Com, Inc. All rights reserved. 