  Home Where To Buy Where To Buy In The UK Where To Buy In The USA Where to Buy International About EBC Corporate Environment FAQs Warranty Research  Development Vacancies Catalogue Enquiries EFI Articles  Charts Technical Articles Brakes Selector Chart Race Caliper Fitment Chart EBC News Contact Distributor Login Catalogues Automotive Motorcycle Scooter Mountain Bike Racing Promo Brake Pads Extra Duty Light truck, Jeep and SUV brake pads Ultimax2™ Brake Pads Bluestuff Intermediate grade Trackday pads Redstuff Brake Pads Truck Yellowstuff Sport brake pads Yellowstuff Fastest Street, Trackday and Drift racing pads Greenstuff Brake Pads New 2013 Orangestuff full race pads Van LCV Brakes (Parcel Vans) Brake Shoes Brake Discs / Rotors High Carbon Brake discs GD Sport Rotors USR Slotted Rotors Premium Brake Rotors Drums / Cylinders Accessories  Main Menu  Home About EBC Research  Development Environment Corporate EBC News Contact Warranty Products - Automotive - Motorcycle - Mountain Bike - Promo/Apparel Distributer Login Automotive You are here: Home | Automotive  php if(!is_front_page()):?> php echo $term->name;?>php endif;?>  Extra Duty Light truck, Jeep and SUV brake pads Want better stopping power and even longer life with Zero noise? ...  New 2013 Orangestuff full race pads After a few decent tweaks over the winter the EBC lab have come up with a new and improved Design ...  Yellowstuff Fastest Street, Trackday and Drift racing pads A true performance pad that also has good manners on the street... Truck Yellowstuff Sport brake pads Because of its huge heat range , the applications where EBC...  Greenstuff Brake Pads Since EBC Brakes launched its sport range in 1997 EBC Greenstuff has sold...  Redstuff Brake Pads As EBC's flagship street brake pad material for prestige and faster cars above 200BHP... Ultimax2™ Brake Pads If you simply need a quality OEM replacement pad, look no further than Ultimax.  Bluestuff Intermediate grade Trackday pads Bluestuff NDX is a high friction sport and race material that can be used...  Van LCV Brakes (Parcel Vans) Light Commercials as we call them in the UK or a parcel van to our American... Grooved Disc EBC manufacture many of its rotors in either its own sister company foundry in the UK or in Italy...  Premium Brake Rotors EBC manufacture many of its rotors in either its own sister company foundry in the UK or in Italy...  USR Slotted Rotors Manufactured using premium disc blanks mentioned above, the narrower multi slot design ... 1 2 → World leaders in automotive brake pad manufacture EBC Brakes from its manufacturing base in the UK produces the largest range of disc brake pads and brake rotors in the world. We produce 100% of our own disc brake pads in our own factories in the UK. Read more Using a unique Aramid fibre technology for disc pad manufacture employing high tech man made products such as Dupont Kevlar and Twaron the EBC brake product is years ahead of its competitors, most of whom manufacture using cheap steel fibre bases. The use of Aramid fibres allows a higher degree of flexibility in compound design enabling EBC Brakes to produce a quiet and long lasting range of compounds that can improve brakes, reduce rotor wear and thereby greatly reduce brake dust found on alloy wheels. With Aramid fibre technology only 4% of the pad is the fibre used for binding and production, in steel fibre technology up to 50% is cheap binding fibre. All EBC Brake pads for highway use are tested to ECE R90 brake safety regulations and are therefore considered a legal equivalent to and replacement for any Original Parts. The exhaustive R 90 procedures guarantee not only pad quality and performance on a model-by-model vehicle basis but also oversee conformity of production at our plant .This means EBC parts are as good as, or in most cases BETTER than original parts. On brake rotors the EBC product excels once again with its UK manufacture for a high percentage of its brake disc sales. Made in modern series production facilities in the UK the EBC Brake rotor is cast using Moulded out tool patterns to produce a balanced design rotor core that prevents brake distortion and brake vibration. Precision machined and inspected the EBC Brake rotors are tested rigorously before leaving our factory. Many EBC sport rotors have recently been tested and awarded the much accredited TUV testing approval and the resulting German ABE number signifying the highest in quality for parts sold into Europe. If this product works at the Autobahn Speeds (which are unlimited) you can be confident that EBC Brake rotors will deliver on your car, truck or SUV in any country. Through its team of R and D (Research and Development) Engineers EBC Brakes in its Bristol UK manufacturing facility continues to improve its product annually with the arrival of new raw materials and by rigorous testing on one of its five dynamometers bring you the best in modern and classic vehicle brakes. When replacing brakes of any kind please remember how important brake safety is to your own well being and either have a professional mechanic install your new brakes or if you are a qualified mechanic use the EBC installation DVD as a guide in support of your vehicle owner’s manual. These installation guide DVD tasters can be viewed here and the full DVD purchased from online vendors. Automotive Brake installation and Safety hints Click Here! Always replace brake pads when replacing rotors, it is false economy to use worn or old pads on new rotors as these can cause hot spots and promote brake fade and more than double bed in time. This is both dangerous and bad economics. Always turn or replace rotors when changing pads. If your vehicle was suffering from brake vibration, just changing the pad won’t necessarily cure the problem, the brake rotor will also need changing or turning.   Order Online Today Where To Buy In The UK Where To Buy In The USA Where to Buy International   Contact EBC Brakes UK - +44 (0)1604 583344 USA - (001) 818 362 5534 Find EBC Brakes Contact Form Corporate Environment FAQs Warranty Research  Development Vacancies Home About EBC Research  Development Environment Corporate EBC News Contact Privacy Policy Copyright © Copyright EBC Brakes. All rights reserved. Web Design by Blayney Partnership   