 Discover the expert in you. home mom style food tech money health eHow Now More eHow  Featured: Fearless Future Homeowner's Checklist DIY Garage Back to School eHow Cars Auto Repair General Auto Repair How to Care for a Convertible Car How to Care for a Convertible Car By Jessica Reed , eHow Contributor Share Print this article Care for a Convertible Car Caring for your car is important if you want to extend its life and keep it looking good as new. A convertible requires special care due to its removable top. This vinyl or fabric top can become prone to leaks, and become dirty from daily use. Learn how to care for your convertible car and keep the top looking shiny and in-shape. Other People Are Reading Proper Care for a Cloth Convertible Top How to Clean a Mustang Convertible Top Things You'll Need Vinyl/fabric shampoo Long-handled brush Vinyl/fabric protectant Show More Instructions 1 Check your car's oil, transmission fluid, power steering fluid, and windshield wiper fluid regularly. Maintaining your car and having its parts and fluids changed at regular intervals will help it run smoothly. 2 Clean a fabric convertible top with shampoo made for fabric (or vinyl and fabric) convertible tops. 3 Scrub the top with a brush of medium stiffness. A long handle will make it easier to reach the top of the car. 4 Clean a vinyl convertible top with any gentle car shampoo and a brush. Check that the shampoo isn't for gloss. This kind should only be used on the body of the car. 5 Rinse your car off and allow it to dry. Check for leaks or wet spots where water may be soaking through the fabric. Spray a vinyl or fabric protectant (depending on the type of convertible you have) onto the top to help it repel water. Tips  Warnings Reserve a special brush that you use only for cleaning the top of your convertible. Don't use the same brush you washed the car with. Related Searches References Convertible Top Care Photo Credit "Car." [Online image] Available http://www.autospectator.com/cars/taxonomy/term/2331/all, 8 June 2009. More Like This Proper Care for a Cloth Convertible Top How to Clean a Mustang Convertible Top How to Clean Convertible Cars Comments You May Also Like How to Clean  Care for Cloth Convertible Tops Cloth convertible tops may look good when new, but without proper care, constant exposure to rain, sun, heat, smog, mold, bird droppings,... Convertible Car Roof Care  Maintenance Theres nothing quite like a top down cruise, and only a convertible offers such a feeling of freedom on the open road.... Convertible Top Care  Cleaning Nothing is quite like driving down the street on a warm day with the top down on a convertible. Properly caring for... How to Take Care of a Convertible Top Easily keep your convertible top clean, and looking new How to Maintain a Convertible Top Convertible tops look great when a car is new, but wont stay that way without proper care. Sunshine is probably the biggest... Proper Care for a Cloth Convertible Top Convertible owners might not realize that the cloth top of the car is made of chemically treated breathable fabrics and needs just... How to Care for Convertible Roofs Cleaning a convertible roof requires using a specially-formulated cleaner that has a low enough pH balance to protect the fabric. Find the... How to Take Care of a Rag Top Convertible Owning a convertible can be an enjoyable experience, especially during the warmer months. However, in order to keep your soft top convertible... How to Detail a Convertible Black Top for a Car Show To detail a convertible black top for a car show, youll need microfiber towels and convertible top cleaner to get started. Make... How to Take Care of My Soft Top Convertible A soft top convertible heightens the experience of cruising the neighborhood on a sunny day. Unfortunately, a ragtop requires a little more... How to Make a Hardtop Into a Convertible Theres just something about driving a convertible. The feel of the wind whipping through your hair is intoxicating. But unfortunately, not every... How to Take Care of a Toyota Soft Top Convertible Toyota convertibles, along with all convertibles, allow drivers to experience the free-flow of air while driving down the road safely in a... How to Remove Scratches From Convertible Car Plastic Windows Convertibles are the perfect summer cars. The driver can cruise with the top down, let the air ruffle his hair and catch... How to Repair a Chrysler Sebring Convertible Top The Chrysler Sebring is one of Americas most popular cars. Driven by many, this car is seen as an affordable vehicle to... How to Look After a Duck Egg If you encounter a duck egg in your backyard or the park and you decide to look after it, its important to... How to Install a Convertible Top on a 2003 Sebring If a replacement convertible top for your 2003 Sebring is not installed correctly, the fabric may rip or the metal supports may... How to Maintain a Convertible Convertibles need a bit more care than a normal car. However, if properly maintained, they will hold their value better than most. How to Take Care of Car Leather Upholstery Bright sunshine, combined with excessive hot and cold temperatures, can wreak havoc on a cars leather upholstery. Unlike a fabric interior, leather...  Related Ads  Check It Out The How To Garage: DIY Car Help You May Like How to Clean Convertible Cars How to Maintain a Convertible Top Convertible Car Roof Care & Maintenance How to Wash a Convertible How to Take Care of a Convertible Top How to Take Care of a Rag Top Convertible Convertible Top Care & Cleaning Instruction on Care for a Convertible Top Featured Oil Testing: What is My Oil Telling Me? Watch Video Preparing Your Car For Winter Driving Watch Video 5 Ways to Improve Mileage Watch Video Others Also Viewed Convertible Top Care  Cleaning How to Clean Vinyl Tops How to Take Care of a Convertible Top How to Treat Clean a Jeep Rag Top Tips on Brake Life ehow.com About eHow eHow Blog How to by Topic How to Videos Sitemap  1999-2013 Demand Media, Inc. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eHow Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Report Copyright . Ad Choices en-US  View Mobile Site 