  Find the lowest price for your car seat Home | Articles | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Britax Marathon Sale Now only $216.98 Click here to get the Britax Marathon for Only $216.98 Click here toget Array% off the Britax Marathonwith coupon code Array The Britax Marathon convertible car seat is safe and durable. It is designed to be very comfortable for your child with lots of padding and a great design. With the Britax Marathon you can keep your child in the car seat for longer since it goes up to 65 pounds and a standing height of 49 inches. Get Your Coupon Here BEST OFFERS  $216.98 $231.99 With Diaper.Com's coupon code 10PERCENT for first time customers $249.99 Store Rating: Amazon.com is without a doubt one of the most trusted sources for online shopping today. They have a large baby store that features a wide range of baby products at competitive prices. Store Rating: Store Rating: Visit Amazon Visit Diapers.Com Visit Target Britax Marathon Features The high weight limit: the Britax Marathon can seat kids who weigh up to 65 pounds 5 point harness: The tangle-free 5 point harness has 4 harness heights and allows for a secure, snug fit LATCH connectors: The push button LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for Children) system makes installation quick, simple, and sug The Britax Marathon has both rear and forward facing recline for maximum comfort The patented floating HUGS (Harness Ultra Guard) system reduces forward head movement and cushions the neck and chest Front harness adjustment allows for a consistent snug harness fit Belt holders keep the harness to the side while you place your child in the seat The patented Versa-Tether anchors the top of the seat to your car reducing movement in case of impact Built-in lock-offs on the side secure the car's seat belt tightly more delails on the Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat at the Britax Marathon Sale Get Coupons Get coupons for car seats, strollers, diapers, clothing, and more! Name: Email: Our Sponsors  Search Search by category Search by brand Keyword Price range please enter lower and higher $ value from to  Our Sponsors Video  Testimonials "Your site is so great. I bought my car seat and saved so much money" More testimonials...  Infant Car Seats Convertible Seats Booster Seats  Car Seats Britax Advocate CS Britax Boulevard Britax Boulevard CS Britax Decathlon Britax Diplomat Britax Fronteir Britax Frontier Britax Marathon CS Britax Marathon Britax Regent Britax Roundabout Peg Perego Primo Viaggio  lorsem ipsum  dolor sit amet  con tuerscing  On line :: Help :: FAQ :: Customer care  You are reading about the Britax Marathon Convertible Car Seat - Copyright  CarSeatPlace. All rights reserved. 