 TRENDING Selena Gomez Kanye West Kim Kardashian Chris Brown Kim Zolciak John Mayer Navigate Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu.  Fat Joe: Prison Bound Full List of Winners at the MTV Video Music Awards Heidi Klum Gets Kissed By Two Men At Americas Got Talent Monster Event Brought Out Alicia Keys and Her Man Swizz John Legend Releases Made To Love Video Kristin Cavallari Promotes Her Shoe Collection at FNPLATFORM in Las Vegas Rihanna Stops by the KTZ Party at Atrium NYC Last Night Lamar Odom Rehab Bound? Demi Lovato Nude Photos Hit The Internet JaNel Witt Blew It on Blow Randy Jackson Will Not Be Denied! North West Picture Revealed! rss youtube twitter pinterest gplus facebook Celebrity News Music Fashion Interviews Swag Celebrity Kids Tabloids  Fat Joe: Prison Bound Full List of Winners at the MTV Video Music Awards Heidi Klum Gets Kissed By Two Men At Americas Got Talent Monster Event Brought Out Alicia Keys and Her Man Swizz John Legend Releases Made To Love Video Celebrity VIP Lounge More than just celebrity gossip  Fat Joe: Prison Bound Celebrity News Legal Music Posted on Aug 27 2013 - 1:32pm by Triston  #0 Another rapper bites the dust!Fat Joe, aka Joseph Cartagena, will be spending the next four months in Miamis Federal Detention Center for tax evasion. And instead of fleeing the scene off the crime and wasting more tax payer money, the rapper turned himself in to Uncle Sam. According to reports, Fat Joe forgot to ante up all the dinero back in 2007 and 2008 to the IRSto the tune of... Tags: Fat Joe , IRS , tax evasion , Uncle Sam Continue Reading  Full List of Winners at the MTV Video Music Awards Celebrity News Posted on Aug 27 2013 - 7:06am by Brittany Shawnté  #2 People are still buzzing about Sunday nights MTV Video Music Awards from Miley twerking and being a mess on stage to the long-anticipated *NSYNC reunion (even if it was only a minute)! Check out the full list of winners below!VIDEO OF THE YEARWINNER: Justin Timberlake, MirrorsMacklemore... Tags: award shows , Awards , Justin Timberlake , MTV , specials , Video Music Awards , VMAs Continue Reading  Heidi Klum Gets Kissed By Two Men At Americas Got Talent Celeb Spotting Celebrity News Posted on Aug 25 2013 - 6:33pm by Danity  #9 It’s the judges’ turn to make it work on the red carpet! The fabulous Tim Gunn and Zac Posen from Lifetime’s nine-time Emmy-nominated show Project Runway lend their support to host, Heidi Klum on the America’s Got Talent red carpet after the August 21st live-show at Radio City Music Hall.Klum sure looks happy to have visitors while on set. ... Tags: America's Got Talent , Heidi Klum Continue Reading  Monster Event Brought Out Alicia Keys and Her Man Swizz Celeb Spotting Celebrity News Posted on Aug 25 2013 - 4:27pm by Danity  #3 And they still seem so in love!Monster set Marquee New York on fire Saturday night during their VMA WKND 2013 takeover. Swizz Beatz was there commanding the DJ booth until nearly 5am, only taking a break to allow his wife to serenade him and the capacity crowd. Monster brought Christmas early and sent hundreds of bottles of champagne into the crowd and then surprised everyone with a pair of their... View Gallery Tags: Alicia Keys , Busta Rhymes , Swizz Beatz Continue Reading  John Legend Releases Made To Love Video Celebrity News Music Posted on Aug 25 2013 - 1:37pm by Danity  #2 John Legend’s video for his new song “Made to Love,” recently premiered on Vevo. The song, which will appear on his highly anticipated new album, LOVE IN THE FUTURE (September 3rd), was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, Take Care; Lana Del Rey, Born To Die; Woodkid, Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald.Check... Continue Reading  Kristin Cavallari Promotes Her Shoe Collection at FNPLATFORM in Las Vegas Celebrity News Fashion Posted on Aug 24 2013 - 8:15pm by Danity  #4 New mom and shoe designer Kristin Cavallari stopped by FN PLATFORM at MAGIC MARKETWEEK today in Las Vegas to show her Spring ‘14 footwear collection with Chinese Laundry. FN PLATFORM, the most important U.S. event for the footwear industry, is where established and emerging brands converge to do business and decide what shoe trends will dominate for the upcoming... Tags: Kristin Cavallari Continue Reading  Rihanna Stops by the KTZ Party at Atrium NYC Last Night Celeb Spotting Celebrity News Posted on Aug 24 2013 - 8:08pm by Danity  #2 Last night Atrium NYC, located at 644 Broadway / Bleecker Street, held an exclusive party in-store to celebrate the 20th anniversary and unveil a remodeled interior. Atrium also showcased the Fall 13 collection of fashion brand KTZ (http://www.k-t-z.co.uk/) worn by Rihanna, KanYe, Lady Gaga, Jay-Z and more. Atrium NYC now carries the largest selection of KTZ product in the US. A frequent of... Tags: Atrium NYC , Rihanna Continue Reading  Lamar Odom Rehab Bound? Celebrity News Sports Posted on Aug 24 2013 - 7:54pm by Danity  #1 There have been rumors swirling that Lamar Odom and Khloe Kardashian are having marital issues due to cheating allegations. But could there be a much deeper issue than a wandering wang?Sources are saying that Mr. Lamar could be dabbling into drugs. TMZ is reporting that the NBA star has reportedly had a problem with recreational drugs for the past two years and... Continue Reading  Demi Lovato Nude Photos Hit The Internet Celebrity News Music Posted on Aug 24 2013 - 11:25am by Danity  #2 There are nude photos of Demi Lovato that have hit the net and they are quite revealing. I dont understand why these peeps take these kind of pictures with cameras. They are going to eventually hit the internet. I repeatthey are going to hit the internet EVENTUALLY.Apparently our friends at Radaronline.com have been approached to buy these pictures of Lovato but declined. Good for... Tags: Demi Lovato , nude photos Continue Reading  JaNel Witt Blew It on Blow Celebrity News TV Posted on Aug 24 2013 - 9:23am by Triston  #1 JaNel Witt, the winner of season 11 of Hells Kitchen, featuring celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay will have to turn to its runner up to fill that coveted position at his restaurant in Las Vegas. Witt had to submit to a drug policy for the job and once the results came back, Witt failed, testing positive for cocaine. The results effectively ended her chance to become the head chef and Caesars... Tags: Gordon Ramsay , Hell's Kitchen , Ja'Nel Witt Continue Reading  Randy Jackson Will Not Be Denied! Celebrity News TV Posted on Aug 23 2013 - 12:22pm by Triston  #3 No matter what American Idol seems to do, they just cannot seem to get rid of Randy Jackson! When they tried to get rid of him last year, he took them off his trail by promising Mariah Carey. Well, now that shes gone, the rumors were that he was completely gone from the show as well.Think again!Reports are running fast and furious that Randy will replace mentor Jimmy Iovine for the next season since Iovine is allegedly bowing out. Randy certainly has enough experience as a producer and mentor. The question is if audiences still... Tags: American Idol , Jennnifer Lopez , Keith Urban , Mariah Carey , Randy Jackson Continue Reading  North West Picture Revealed! Celebrity Kids Celebrity News Posted on Aug 23 2013 - 12:17pm by Danity  #2 Its heerrrrrrrrrre.Its the baby photo we have all been waiting for. THE North West picture has been revealed. The spawn of Kimmy K and Kanye West has been unveiled via Kris Jenners new talk show. No amount of money could get Kim and her man to budge with a photo spread. Instead, they thought that the reveal on Jenners talk show was... Tags: North West picture Continue Reading  Chris Brown Goes Off On Twitter About Community Service Sentence Celebrity News Posted on Aug 23 2013 - 9:17am by Brittany Shawnté  #2 Chris Brown is pissed off, and had to let the world know! The singer took to Twitter last night, venting about the verdict at his last court hearing, which requires  him to complete an additional 1,000 hours of community service!Earlier this summer, his probation was revoked when he was accused of that hit-and-run,... Tags: Chris Brown , community service , court hearings , courts , rants , Twitter Continue Reading  Heidi Klum: Making Jordache Jeans Cool Again Celebrity News Fashion Posted on Aug 22 2013 - 10:22am by Danity  #7 Jordache unveils its most exciting advertising campaign to date featuring the sexy supermodel, designer, entrepreneur and host of TV’s Project Runway and America’s Got Talent, Heidi Klum. Shot by photographer, director and longtime Klum collaborator, Rankin in Los Angeles, the commercial casts Klum as a pied piper and takes a turn for the fantastical as she leads a suburban cast (and a not so... Tags: Heidi Klum , Jordache Continue Reading  Ben Affleck Picks Up Kung Fu Daughter Celebrity News Fashion Find Posted on Aug 21 2013 - 10:19pm by Danity  #6 Ben Affleck seems like such a good daddy. Hes soooo hands on with his kids and proof in the pudding is seeing him picking up his daughters from their karate class in Santa Monica, California on July 26, 2013.Photo courtesy of Zimbio. *Affleck is wearing the Dr. Scholls Shoes Dapper boots.... Tags: Ben Affleck , Dr. Scholl's Continue Reading  1 2 3    Home Contact Advertising About Interviews Links  Sitemap Legal Celebrities Do Good DON’T YOU JUST WANT TO PINCH HIS CHEEKS: Robert Pattinson Surprises Kids! Hugh Jackman Makes Huge Online Donation To Montreal Children’s Hospital Chris Brown Takes Stand Against Gun Violence Nick Cannon Packs Up Backpacks For Kids Jenny McCarthy Takes Date Donnie Wahlberg to DWTS Charity Event Celebrity Lists Top 25 Hollywood’s Worst Baby Names 7 Celebrities Untouched By Photoshop Top Ten 2013 Highest Paid Stars Under 30 5 Celebrities With REAL Trout Pouts 10 Celebrities With Very Attractive Siblings BlogCatalog 2008-2013 Celebrity VIP Lounge, A VIP Network website. All Rights Reserved. | Back to top  