   HuffPost's QuickRead... Loading... HuffPost's QuickRead... Loading...  Iran iPhone app iPad app Android phone app Android tablet app More Log in Create Account Notifications Profile Settings  Logout   August 27, 2013  Edition: U.S. CA Canada  FR France  IT Italia  JP  (Japan) MG Maghreb ES Espaa  US United States  UK United Kingdom    FRONT PAGE Politics Air Force Bans Greek Yogurt Flavor Over Anti-Drug Policy 1.2k Rodeo Clown Says He'd Be 'Honored' To Shake Obama's Hand 2.3k This Is What Happens When Lawmakers Declare War On Abortion 21k Pastafarian Wins Battle At The DMV, Wears Colander On Head For License Photo 699 White House: Syria Chemical Attack Requires Response 1.9k Go to Politics More in Politics Pollster Politics Blog Speculatron Off The Bus Election Maps You might also like World Green Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Business Starbucks CEO Takes Firm Obamacare Stance 7.1k 10 Cult Brands So Popular They Don't Need To Advertise 818 Burger King Unveils Weird New Offering 427 Bill Ackman's Costly Defeat Marks End Of An Era For J.C. Penney 443 New Science Explains Why He's So Narcissistic 404 Go to Business More in Business Small Business Money You might also like World Tech Media Arts Sports Weird News Crime Smarter Ideas Entertainment The BEST Reaction To Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance 2.4k Miley Cyrus Bleeped By MTV 5.5k *NSYNC Reportedly 'Upset' With Justin Timberlake 191 Kelly Clarkson Slams VMAs Performers As 'Pitchy Strippers' 1k Lady Gaga's Butt Make Full Appearance At VMAs 104 Go to Entertainment More in Entertainment Celebrity TV You might also like Comedy Arts Books Food Style Weird News Moviefone Media Daily Beast Reportedly On Track To Losing Staggering Amount Of Money 922 Mika: Miley Cyrus 'Disturbing,' 'Disgusting' 3.4k WATCH: Mika Brzezinski Unloads On Matt Lauer 1.3k Journalist Goes Topless During Interview To Prove Point 999 Meredith Vieira's New Venture 56 Go to Media More in Media Eat The Press Calderone: The Backstory You might also like Entertainment TV Comedy Arts Books Religion Moviefone Green Yosemite Wildfire Poses 'Every Challenge That There Can Be' 2.2k Happy National Dog Day! 76 Tragedy For Detroit's Big Cat 663 14 U.S. Cities That Could Disappear Over The Next Century, Thanks To Global Warming 1.5k Dolphins Dying Due To Measles-Like Virus, Officials Say 117 Go to Green More in Green Energy Climate Change Animals Green Tech Green Holiday You might also like Politics Food World Science Healthy Living Tech Arts 8 Scantily Clad Reasons To Rethink Masculinity 160 These Women Chose To Live As Men 159 What If Belle Wore A Hijab? 52 A Different Kind Of Homeless Portrait 60 WATCH: The Russian Army Choir Puts Adele's 'Skyfall' To Shame 164 Go to Arts More in Arts Painting Film Design Photography Theater Architecture You might also like Books New York Los Angeles Travel Now THIS Is Getting Away Your Weekly Travel Zen: Waterfalls Hotel Room Hacks 14 The (Possible) Birthplace Of Tiramisu Instagram Or Reality? 16 Go to Travel More in Travel Travel Video Destinations Themed Guides TSA Airlines You might also like Food Arts World GPS for the Soul Recipes Taste PHOTO: Japanese Chain Unveils The Megaburgerpizza 83 12 Cakes So Good They Don't Need Flour From Chips To Almonds, The Best Breaded Chicken Orange Soda Taste Test: The Psychologically Twisted Results 19 The Guilt-Free Big Mac Go to Taste More in Taste Recipes Baking Entertaining Healthy Eating Taste Tests Thanksgiving You might also like Food Healthy Living Travel OWN LIVE Now Does Progress Breed Mental Illness? Next On Syria, We Wait Coming Up Actress Mischa Barton LIVE Coming Up Justin Timberlake's Open Letter To Fans Coming Up Chemical Weapons Hypocrisy? Go to HuffPost Live  ALL SECTIONS News Politics World Business Small Business Money Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Entertainment Entertainment Celebrity Comedy Arts & Culture Books TV Life  Style Healthy Living GPS for the Soul Style Home Food Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce Huff/Post 50 Marlo Thomas OWN Tech  Science Tech Science Green TEDWeekends Voices Women Black Voices Latino Voices Voces (en español) Gay Voices Religion College Teen Impact Local Chicago DC Denver Detroit Miami New York Los Angeles San Francisco Our Mobile Apps iPhone iPad HuffPost Live iPad Android Phone Android Tablet World Crisis In Egypt Afghanistan Syria Conflict North Korea Drug War Putin's Russia   China Electric Car: Chinese Electric Auto Industry Leadership Dream Eludes By JOE McDONALD 04/24/12 01:58 PM ET  reddit stumble  Get World Newsletters: Subscribe Follow: China , Video , BYD Co , China Auto Industry , Electric Car , China Car Industry , China Electric Car , Chinese Auto Industry , Chinese Electric Car , Ford Auto Asia , World News  BEIJING  China's leaders are finding it's a lot tougher to create a world-beating electric car industry than they hoped. In 2009, they announced bold plans to cash in on demand for clean vehicles by making China a global power in electric car manufacturing. They pledged billions of dollars for research and called for annual sales of 500,000 cars by 2015. Today, Beijing is scaling back its ambitions, chastened by technological hurdles and lack of buyer interest. Developers have yet to achieve breakthroughs and will be lucky to sell 2,000 cars this year, mostly taxis. The government has hedged its bets by broadening the industry's official goals to include cleaner gasoline engines. The government has repeatedly changed targets because the "technology isn't advancing quite as fast as people had hoped," said Joe Hinrichs, Ford Motor Co.'s president for Asia, at this week's Beijing auto show. The government has yet to lower sales goals that ramp up to 5 million vehicles a year by 2020. But officials including Premier Wen Jiabao started acknowledging last year that progress was slow and developers need to improve quality instead of rushing models to market. About 13,000 all-electric and other alternative energy vehicles are being tested in 25 cities, but that is "still small despite government subsidies," the deputy director of the Ministry of Science and Technology's electric vehicle bureau, Zhen Zijian, said in March, according to the business magazine Caixin. China's most advanced developer, BYD Co., in which American investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Corp. owns a 10 percent stake, says its electric e6 sedan can travel 300 kilometers (190 miles) on a charge, similar to Western models. BYD has sold 300 taxis and 200 electric buses used in the southern city of Shenzhen, a center for business and technology near Hong Kong, according to Henry Li, general manager of its export division. BYD has invested heavily in research and has thousands of engineers working on battery and motor technology. "We think our EV (electric vehicle) platform is one of the most advanced in the world, and our capability for mass production is quite high," Li said. But as for the rest of the industry, "there are not many manufacturers with really reliable or commercialized products," he said. Chinese leaders saw electric cars as a way to curb demand for imported oil, which they regard as a strategic danger, and to help transform China from a low-cost factory into a creator of profitable technology. "China has run up against the same technical obstacles as anyone else," said Michael Dunne, president of Dunne & Co. Ltd., a Hong Kong-based industry researcher. "They said: Hold on, maybe we shouldn't marry ourselves to electrics just yet. Let's look at the alternatives. Maybe we have to take an incremental approach, just like everyone else," Dunne said. Wary consumers have been put off by news reports of batteries in Chinese-made cars catching fire. A lack of charging stations is causing "range anxiety"  fears a car might run out of power, leaving the driver stranded. Under the Communist Party's latest five-year development plan for China's economy, issued in 2011, the government has released guidelines for other industries but not for alternative vehicles  a possible sign officials have gone back to the drawing board. Developers were encouraged last week by a Cabinet statement that repeated support for electric vehicles. But it also called for work on developing non-plug-in hybrids and energy-saving internal combustion engines. "The momentum has been slowed down," said John Zeng, chief of Asian forecasting for LMC Automotive, a research firm. "They don't expect the EV or hybrid can be the only way for China to maintain its future sustainable mobility," Zeng said. "They think they need multiple initiatives to achieve that target." Plus, gasoline and diesel technologies are advancing, luring consumers with the promise of lower operating costs. U.S. sales of electric cars have also been disappointing. After a year on the market, electric cars still make up less than 1 percent of total U.S. sales. General Motors Co. fell short of its goal of selling 10,000 Chevrolet Volt electric cars in 2011, ending up with sales just over 7,500. Nissan sold 9,674 Leaf electric cars, also short of its goal of 10,000. As in China, the lack of a recharging infrastructure and anxiety about the range of electric cars are big barriers for consumers. Cost is another issue. The Chevrolet Volt, for example, costs nearly $8,000 more than the similarly sized gas-powered Chevrolet Cruze. Auto shopping site Edmunds.com estimates it would take a Volt owner six years of gas savings to pay off that premium. The Chinese government launched research into electric, fuel cell and other alternative power sources in 2001. It followed in 2004 with a plan to create a competitive electric car and promised financial support to developers. Automakers responded to Beijing's enthusiasm. General Motors Co. announced plans in 2007 for a $250 million alternative fuel research center in Shanghai. Germany's Daimler AG teamed up with BYD to create an electric car joint venture dubbed Denza. They unveiled a display version of its first model this week at the Beijing auto show. China's initiative prompted some in the United States and Europe to worry they might fall behind in a key technology. An assistant U.S. energy secretary, David Sandalow, visited Beijing in 2009 and warned China had "the potential to be ahead" if the United States failed to invest in development. Beijing's 2009 plan called for world-class electric cars by this year, followed by trucks and buses. To encourage buyers, the government started paying buyers rebates of up to 60,000 yuan ($8,800) per car the following year in five cities including Shanghai. But Wen, China's top economic official, expressed frustration at the slow pace of development in an article published last July. "We are no match for developed countries in technology," Wen wrote in Qiushi, the ruling party's main theoretical journal. "We've only just begun in electric car development," the premier wrote. Wen said Chinese leaders shared in the blame: "We have not set clear enough goals of which way to go." Beijing strained relations with the United States and other trading partners by rolling out rules limiting access to its auto market unless foreign developers shared technology to Chinese partners. Daimler has said it formed its venture with BYD not due to official pressure but because it wanted to create a low-cost brand for China. Daimler said their car, due to go on sale next year, should have a range of 200-250 kilometers (125-155 miles) on one charge. Other manufacturers such as Nissan Motor Co., maker of the electric Leaf, and General Motors Co. have chosen to pay the higher taxes required to import electric and hybrid vehicles rather than disclose expensive know-how to Chinese partners that might become rivals. GM is taking orders for its all-electric Volt in China but expects limited sales due to a relatively high price of 498,000 yuan ($79,000). "It's expensive in China at the moment because of import duties, and we don't qualify for incentives," said Kevin Wale, president of GM China. "But we still think it's important that we demonstrate its capabilities here in China." Chinese producers have unveiled a series of display models of electric and hybrid cars, some sprouting tiny solar panels or wind turbines for recharging, though most say they are not ready for mass-market sales. LMC Automotive's Zeng said that aside from BYD, which has spent heavily on development, most have done only the minimum required to qualify for research grants. "I think it's more to create a PR bubble or fight for government subsidies," he said. Also on HuffPost:  Contribute to this Story: Send us a tip Send us a photo or video Suggest a correction FOLLOW WORLD  Like 97k  Subscribe  Get HuffPost World On !    Know something we don't? E-mail us at world@huffingtonpost.com   Related News On Huffington Post: Berkshire Hathaway's Operating Profit Rises To $2.67 Billion Warren Buffett's Investment Advice And Lifetime Milestones (GRAPHIC) Nissan renueva modelo Sylphy y apuesta con él al mercado global Homeowners Associations And Solar Panels Don't Always Mix Nope, High Tax Rates Won't Slow Growth China's Electric Car Leadership Dreams Seem Elusive China's Electric Car Push Causes Green Car Maker BYD's Shares To Soar   Berkshire Hathaway's Operating Profit Rises To $2.67 Billion   May 4 (Reuters) - Berkshire Hathaway Inc , the insurance and investment company controlled by Warren Buffett, on Friday posted a 67 percent increase in...    Warren Buffett's Investment Advice And Lifetime Milestones (GRAPHIC)   Berkshire Hathway CEO Warren Buffet's $44 billion net worth makes him the third richest man in the world, according to Forbes. But there's more to...    Nissan renueva modelo Sylphy y apuesta con él al mercado global   La automotora japonesa Nissan ha aprovechado el creciente peso del internacional Salón de Pekín para presentar en la capital china de Beijing la nueva generación...    Homeowners Associations And Solar Panels Don't Always Mix   CUMMING, Ga. (AP) — The government wants you to install solar panels at your house, and will even give you a tax break to do...    Nope, High Tax Rates Won't Slow Growth   The share of pre-tax income accruing to the top 1% of earners in the U.S. has more than doubled to about 20% in 2010 from...    China's Electric Car Leadership Dreams Seem Elusive   BEIJING (AP) — China's leaders are finding it's a lot tougher to create a world-beating electric car industry than they hoped. In 2009, they announced...    China's Electric Car Push Causes Green Car Maker BYD's Shares To Soar    By Fang Yan and Alison Leung BEIJING/HONG KONG (Reuters) - China is pushing ahead with efforts to encourage the development of electric vehicles in...  Read more from Huffington Post bloggers: Lisa Kaas Boyle Lisa Kaas Boyle: Power the World Lisa Kaas Boyle: Power the World  For most Americans, most of the time, electricity is a given. We rely on electricity to power our lives at work, at school and at home. We rely on it so much, it comes as quite a shock when we are deprived of it.  Around the Web: Mini electric cars fill gap in China as official EVs sputter | Reuters China's Push for Electric Cars Flows Through Grid Operators ... Batteries Dead on China's Electric Vehicle Push? Not So Fast ... China to Give Stimulus for Development of Electric Vehicles Mini electric cars fill gap in China as official EVs sputter Volkswagen inks Xinjiang deal Beijing auto show: GM says Cadillac XTS sedan to be built in China Filed by Ryan Craggs |  nShowMode (2): int(1) nShowMode (3): int(1) Comments 36 Pending Comments 0 View FAQ Comments are closed for this entry  We are testing different comment ordering to see which the community prefers. You've been randomly chosen to see the most favorited comments first. Do you prefer this over most recent comments first? Let us know in one click: Yes | No. You can always re-order comments using the tabs below or change your default by clicking here.   Community Notice:We've made some changes to our badge program, including the addition of our newest badge: Community Curator. View All Favorites  Recency | Popularity Page: 1 2 Next Last (2 total)  Sufiy 51 Fans 09:46 AM on 04/29/2012 Lithium Rush: The Art Of War In The Markets: China Getting Ready For 5 Million Electric Cars by 2020 China has the money, political will and the technology to leapfrog into the post carbon world. Oil is the geopolitical issue already and it will define the sharp edge between the state of War and Peace in the nearest future. As one very wise and honest person has put it: "How to stop wars and terrorism? - Stop using Oil." We will paraphrase it here: How to Survive? - Stop using Oil - at least for transportation. Electric Cars produce the one life time opportunity for China now - do not get us wrong, not everything is driven by the ancient wisdom of "The Art Of War", but just look at what people are doing and not what they are talking about. It is the most apparent situation in the strategic commodities markets - Rare Earths are already controlled by China, Graphite is under the siege and Lithium is the next frontier. Despite all noise in the media, China is steadily implementing its 12th Five Year Plan - to build the new strategic industry based on Electric Cars. We hope, that China is transforming "The Art Of War" into the Art Of Survival for the benefit of all, but the Western world which is teared apart by the latest financial structural crisis is falling dangerously behind now. http://sufiy.blogspot.co.uk/2012/04/lithium-rush-china-getting-ready-for-5.html # Sufiy: Lithium Rush: The Art Of War In The Markets: China http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Sufiy/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_151177008.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments s002wjh 13 Fans 01:17 PM on 04/27/2012 man i only get here cause i saw the model was cute. was hoping some more pictures or other models. oh well s002wjh: man i only get here cause i saw the model http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/s002wjh/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150841163.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments  HUFFPOST SUPER USER beenzrgud Can't say what I'd like to here. 222 Fans 08:10 AM on 04/25/2012 I remember when people used to laugh at Japanese cars. They're not laughing now! beenzrgud: I remember when people used to laugh at Japanese cars. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/beenzrgud/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150282952.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments j2j3 27 Fans 03:27 PM on 04/24/2012 DOES HISTORY MEAN ANYTHING! Destktop computers $4500 (no printer and no software)!! The Sony Walkman $199, the microwave oven $1200, High Def TV $8000, a home solar system $25,000 ,DVD players $600, Cell phones $1.50 per minute usage, etc.! These were the prices of these instruments when they first came on the market. Ofcourse the Electric Car is expensive now, but give it some time. The prices have dropped and the range has increased measurably over the past 10 years. j2j3: DOES HISTORY MEAN ANYTHING! Destktop computers $4500 (no printer and http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/j2j3/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150137997.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments moby49 I will act as if what I do makes a difference. 633 Fans 12:07 PM on 04/24/2012 Given the true cost of oil and the ability to manipulate its price, any time an alternative threatens the oil masters, they just temporarily cut the price. They will continue that approach until the full cost of oil use is visible to the consumer, something both the oil masters and governments continue to obscure. moby49: Given the true cost of oil and the ability to http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/moby49/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150089922.html History | Permalink | Share it Horus45 Liberal Activist, anti-Fascist 394 Fans 12:53 PM on 04/24/2012 The last time gasoline was this high in price was when Oil was going for over $150 per barrel. Now what is the excuse? Oil is still under $100 per barrel right now. Horus45: The last time gasoline was this high in price was http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Horus45/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150100647.html History | Permalink | Share it  HUFFPOST SUPER USER koos458 The Weather is Aways Nicer in Coos Bay 1136 Fans 01:42 PM on 04/24/2012 Because the demand isn't for crude, it's for refined petroleum products, which were the USA's #1 export last year. koos458: Because the demand isnt for crude, its for refined petroleum http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/koos458/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150112418.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments Frank J Perruccio 6 Fans 12:44 AM on 04/25/2012 The oil industry will continue to flex their muscles and that will certainly create resistance to EV sales, but as far as I'm concerned, I can't get rid of my ICE powered vehicles fast enough. As soon as the right models come along, I’m going to buy EVs to replace them. I really hate being openly and notoriously screwed. Every time I have to buy gas, I want to drive right to the dealer and make it the last time. New EV options are on their way. That day can’t come soon enough. Frank_J_Perruccio: The oil industry will continue to flex their muscles and http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Frank_J_Perruccio/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150251157.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments  HUFFPOST SUPER USER Joseph Joyal retired bum 470 Fans 10:54 AM on 04/24/2012 The whole electric car industry will depend on a major break through in battery technology until that happens there is not going to be much demand as prices are just to high and drivability is to low. Joseph_Joyal: The whole electric car industry will depend on a major http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Joseph_Joyal/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150073157.html History | Permalink | Share it  19west60 96 Fans 12:14 PM on 04/24/2012 I've been saying this for years...who is really satisified with the performance of even your pc battery for petes sake..same principle here, just try moving around a 3000 # vehicle. Similar technological hurdles exist for space travel..until we get WARP SPEED, Scotty...we will be sadly isolated to the moon, mars and very little else where there is very little more to learn 19west60: Ive been saying this for years...who is really satisified with http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/19west60/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150091429.html History | Permalink | Share it Horus45 Liberal Activist, anti-Fascist 394 Fans 12:57 PM on 04/24/2012 That's why storing power in other forms than electric is so important. You can run an electric vehicle on a Hydrogen Fuel Cell. Hydrogen is the answer to all our problems, but no one is going in that direction. Hydrogen can be produced electrolitically from water and solar power. Horus45: Thats why storing power in other forms than electric is http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Horus45/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150101514.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. There are More Comments on this Thread. Click Here To See them All Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments  HUFFPOST SUPER USER cornel wuf wuf 1703 Fans 10:19 AM on 04/24/2012 I don't worry a second for the Chinese E car industry. As soon as any western world can manufacture an E car capable of a radius of more then 200 miles, they will steal the technology and mass produce it. cornel: I dont worry a second for the Chinese E car http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/cornel/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150065424.html History | Permalink | Share it Justgo4it not fishing for trouble, are YOU?? 249 Fans 11:21 AM on 04/24/2012 you got that right. them and the Japanese, they steal ideas and run with it. Justgo4it: you got that right. them and the Japanese, they steal http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Justgo4it/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150079770.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments  Realdemocracyplease 124 Fans 10:18 AM on 04/24/2012 Notice that almost all the investors there are American companies? Stop exporting jobs and hard researched technology. Nissan and GM have the right idea if you give China your innovation they will steal it make it at half price and sell it back to you in toxic form. Realdemocracyplease: Notice that almost all the investors there are American companies? http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Realdemocracyplease/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150065221.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments  jlkitts 230 Fans 09:59 AM on 04/24/2012 no hopey, no changey ! jlkitts: no hopey, no changey ! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/jlkitts/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150061264.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments  HUFFPOST SUPER USER Dongflopper Floppin for decades! 434 Fans 09:53 AM on 04/24/2012 $79,000 for a volt in China. Those old American jobs are paying well in China! Dongflopper: $79,000 for a volt in China. Those old American jobs http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Dongflopper/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150060170.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments Danilo-11 Conservative = Status Quo. Progressive = Improve 838 Fans 09:10 AM on 04/24/2012 Only talk about electric cars when is bad news. Bad news for the electric cars haters.... electric cars have been around for more than a century. Danilo-11: Only talk about electric cars when is bad news. Bad http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Danilo-11/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150053083.html History | Permalink | Share it Justgo4it not fishing for trouble, are YOU?? 249 Fans 11:25 AM on 04/24/2012 we're only seeing it more and more because Obama is trying to push the green issue and get more of those cars sold in the states. but who the heck can afford them little toys in this economy? my ex dr's wifey has one, but heck he's a dr and she works as a nurse in a large hospital, they both make big bucks. Justgo4it: were only seeing it more and more because Obama is http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Justgo4it/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150080684.html History | Permalink | Share it  Frank J Perruccio 6 Fans 12:58 AM on 04/25/2012 There are plenty of people like that who can afford them. Who do you think has been buying all the Corvettes, BMWs, Jaguars, Cadillac’s, Mercedes', Lexus', Infinities, etc.? They will all be releasing their own Electric cars, some have already announced them. Frank_J_Perruccio: There are plenty of people like that who can afford http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Frank_J_Perruccio/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150252763.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments HUFFPOST SUPER USER June25 872 Fans 09:00 AM on 04/24/2012 In order for China to expand production of modern electric cars China needs more raw materials to make lightweight batteries.Unless other countries start mining rare earth minerals China has two choices.Too expand local use of electric cars at the expence of exports or make money selling batteries. June25: In order for China to expand production of modern electric http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/June25/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150051729.html History | Permalink | Share it Horus45 Liberal Activist, anti-Fascist 394 Fans 01:00 PM on 04/24/2012 Hydrogen Fuel Cells are the direction we should be going and not trying to make a better battery. The Navy has been using Hydrogen Fuel Cells for more than a decade on their subs. Horus45: Hydrogen Fuel Cells are the direction we should be going http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/Horus45/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150102203.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments HUFFPOST SUPER USER wtg246 538 Fans 08:57 AM on 04/24/2012 Even here in the U.S., if you look at history, it took a while for people to buy cars over horses, or even have electricity in their homes. Sometimes it doesn't happen over night, but as people see electric vehicles being used out in their communities (such as govt or business vehicles) their concerns are put to rest, they are educated in another way and yes - they will buy. wtg246: Even here in the U.S., if you look at history, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/wtg246/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150051273.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments HUFFPOST SUPER USER usa1alltheway 1425 Fans 08:52 AM on 04/24/2012 It will be on Fox today and weekly so its hard to understand why you try to hide the info! usa1alltheway: It will be on Fox today and weekly so its http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/usa1alltheway/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150050448.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments HUFFPOST SUPER USER usa1alltheway 1425 Fans 08:50 AM on 04/24/2012 Why are you not letting the truth be posted? usa1alltheway: Why are you not letting the truth be posted? http://www.huffingtonpost.com/social/usa1alltheway/china-electric-car-industry-leadership_n_1448305_150050202.html History | Permalink | Share it  This comment has been down-ranked into oblivion.  View comment You have not right to carry out this operation or Error this operation. Loading comments Page: 1 2 Next Last (2 total) new comment(s) on this entry  Click to refresh Loading comments  Most Popular Miley Cyrus Bleeped By MTV One Big Miley Cyrus VMA Rumor Totally Debunked The BEST Reaction To Miley Cyrus' VMAs Performance Billy Ray Cyrus Reacts To Miley's VMAs Performance *NSYNC Reportedly 'Upset' With Justin Timberlake WATCH: Duets With Audience Members Don't Usually Turn Out Like This... What Robin Thicke's Family Thought About Miley Cyrus' Raunchy Act Lady Gaga Gets VMA 'Applause' Jessica Biel Shows Lots O' Skin In See-Through Dress Taylor Swift Tells Harry Styles: 'STFU' The Onion Saw Miley Cyrus' Future In 2008 Study Reveals Terrifying Side-Effect Of Cocaine--After Just One Use Pastafarian Wins Battle At The DMV, Wears Colander On Head For License Photo IT HAPPENED! Rihanna's Priceless Reaction To Spilling Popcorn 12 Things Successful Women Do Differently Lamar Odom Is Reportedly Missing, Abusing Drugs PHOTOS: Check Out VMAs Red Carpet Fashion From The 2013 Show Lady Gaga's Butt Make Full Appearance At VMAs Katy Perry Performs 'Roar' For The First Time Follow HuffPost Email Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Mobile  HuffPost Daily Brief  World  Get top stories and blogs posts emailed to you each day.  HuffPost World HuffPost World  HuffPost World Most Popular on HuffPost Latest News World View all RSS feeds   NextDraft: Debating U.S. Action in Syria and Other Fascinating News on the Web Every Single Applicant Fails University of Liberia’s Entrance Exam Starbucks to Start Selling Colombian Coffee in Colombia Time - World esi    HUFFPOST'S BIG NEWS PAGES      Cliff Kincaid, Anti-Gay Conservative Pundit, Calls On Shepard Smith To Come OutAnderson Cooper      Jerry Brown Proposes Sending California Inmates To Private Prisons, Jails In Response To CourtPrisons      Goodie Mob Reunites With CeeLo-Led Album, 'Age Against The Machine' (REVIEW)Video      Police Oppose Criminalizing Homelessness In Columbia, South Carolina: 'I Can't Do That. I Won't Do That'Homelessness      Roger Federer Beats Grega Zemlja, Earns Routine 1st-Round Win At U.S. OpenRoger Federer      Michelle Obama Salutes Civil Rights Leader Whitney YoungHeroes      Nebraska'a Gay Adoption, Foster Parent Ban ChallengedNebraska      Children-Doll Face Swaps Will Scare/Delight You (PHOTOS)Funny Pictures      Tom Coburn: 'I'm A Global Warming Denier. I Don't Deny That.'HuffPolitics Blog more big news pages     huff.emit('content/update', '#most_popular_bpages');     Advertise | Make HuffPost your Home Page | RSS | Careers | FAQ User Agreement | Privacy | Comment Policy | About Us | About Our Ads | Contact Us Copyright  2013 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. | The Huffington Post is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of  HPMG News   HuffPost Lightbox  