 OldBrowser Coupon Facebook Twitter Youtube GooglePlus GooglePlaces Dealer Logo HH Chevrolet Sales: Phone: (800) 230-9986 Service: (402) 596-2700 Chevrolet Sales:(800) 230-9986Service:(402) 596-27004645 S. 84th St.Omaha, Nebraska 68127 Follow Us:FacebookYouTubeTwitterRSS Feed > It's a good day at HH. Steve H. Jeff H. Home New Vehicles Search New Vehicles NEW ARRIVALS BEST PRICES SPECIALS Value Your Trade H Confidence Pledge Pre-Owned Search All Pre-Owned Certified Used Inventory New Arrivals Specials Market Value Pricing H Confidence Pledge Value Your Trade Finance Get Approved Value Your Trade Payment Calculator Buying vs. Leasing Service Service Department Schedule Service Service Specials Headlight Restoration Windshield Repair Parts & Accessories Parts Department Order Parts Contact Parts GM Accessories Body Shop Why Buy Here Reviews BBB Market Value Pricing About Us Contact Us Hours & Directions Employment Search Chevrolet Certified Pre-Owned in Omaha, NE Buying a used car is not what it used to be. No more worries about purchasing a new set of problems. General Motors allows you to buy your next pre-owned vehicle with the same confidence you would have with a new vehicle. The GM Certified program is available on eligible Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Pontiac, and Saturn vehicles 2006 or newer. Eligible vehicles can only have 75,000 miles or less. GM wants owners to have peace of mind when purchasing a certified vehicle. To deliver this each car is put through a rigorous 172-point inspection and reconditioning process. GM certified technicians adhere to strict, factory-set standards to ensure the engine, chassis, and body are in excellent condition on every certified vehicle. All certified vehicles also come with a vehicle history report. Our process ensures every certified used car will meet our exacting standards and more importantly yours. The GM Certified program extends far beyond the initial purchase. We want to ensure your continued satisfaction with all certified vehicles. To accomplish this GM has established the Owner Care program. Each GM Certified vehicle comes with a 2 year/30,000 mile standard CPO maintenance plan. This plan covers the following: Oil Changes based on your vehicles Oil Life Monitor System Tire Rotations Multi-Point Vehicle Inspection Should you decide to sell your car the Owner Care program is transferrable to subsequent owners if it is still within the 2 year/ 30,000 mile range. The ability to transfer your Owner Care plan adds value to your vehicle. Other benefits of the GM Certified program are: 12-month/12,000 mile Bumper-to-Bumper Warranty 5 year/100,000 mile Power train Limited Auto Warranty 24 Hour Roadside Assistance Courtesy Transportation 3-day/150 mile customer satisfaction guarantee. If youre not completely satisfied with your new certified purchase within 3 days or 150 miles you can bring it back to the dealer and exchange it for a vehicle that is a better fit. 3 month free trial of OnStar Directions and Connections including OnStar Turn by Turn navigation. 3 month free trial of Sirius XM Satellite Radio The GM Certified Program allows you to get more for your money. Purchasing a certified pre-owned can lower the total cost of ownership for your vehicle saving you money. Piece of mind is a standard 2year/30,000 mile Owner Care program. VIEW OUR CERTIFIED INVENTORY! 78575|3093 Home New Vehicles Search New Vehicles NEW ARRIVALS BEST PRICES SPECIALS Value Your Trade H Confidence Pledge Pre-Owned Search All Pre-Owned Certified Used Inventory New Arrivals Specials Market Value Pricing H Confidence Pledge Value Your Trade Finance Get Approved Value Your Trade Payment Calculator Buying vs. Leasing Service Service Department Schedule Service Service Specials Headlight Restoration Windshield Repair Parts & Accessories Parts Department Order Parts Contact Parts GM Accessories Body Shop Why Buy Here Reviews BBB Market Value Pricing About Us Contact Us Hours & Directions Employment Best of Omaha All Chevy Show BBB home | terms of use | privacy policy | recent customers | site map HH Chevrolet Copyright  - All Rights Reserved CRM, Website  SEO Powered By Vinsolutions.com H Chevrolet 4645 SOUTH 84TH ST. Omaha, NE 68127 Phone: (800) 230-9986 Send us an email. See the Reviews!  